The same jquery version doesn't work if there is on Google Apis I'm very confused, so if I put this in functions.php, on Wordpress, it works BUT, if I put this it breaks Why if these are the same file?
Near the beginning or ending of the year, a date will be in one calendar year while its ISO 8601 week’s year may be ±1.
Blue features mediterranean style food and offers some unique options that I've not had before.
For autocompletion of dynamically created objects (if its type is not recognized automatically) most IDEs support type-hinting comments.
AnimationDrawable animation on KeyboardView.Key android I want to play animation on a key on custom keyboard.
Here is an additional option: The way I solved this problem for my app was to define the colors in values/color.xml.
First things first: the house BBQ sauce is fabulous.
Most of the times we don't pass any parameters to the method in action.
Fruit races (small children in costume), baby crawl, T-shirt toss.
I almost walked away with it, pocket pinched it, but here comes running; in my conscious, knowing that my awful deed would have split all over my purse, knowing my luck.
How do I embed a JFrame into a JavaFX 2.0 application?
Of course I try to do this after the doctrine-bundle has been registered.
The Recurring Payments API is what you want.
The "stuck" effect is now negligible
Perhaps omitting insignificant details of the problem, I missed something meaningful.
I decided to give Browne's a try after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.
We were secluded in the upstairs area.
The commitment to have 5 or 6 local brews (Helltown included) on tap in a rotating \""local\"" draft corner is music to my ears.
HTTP/1.1 401 Authorization Required I have simple script connection call using PHP 5.2.10 to a Web service working with SOAP 1.2.
This example is a bit naive, since base64 must also consider null-termination (i.e.
Backpropagation isn't a good choice for this type of learning (somehow incremental learning).
The gnocchi were great, and the linguine with basil pasta and shrimp was good but not on par with the other two pastas.
Restore Purchase Not Working I'm trying to add a restore option to my app, I have a button that calls this functions: And I'm using the paymentQueueRestoreCompletedTransactionsFinished function, the problem is that the function fire every time the restore button is hit whether or not the user had bought the item.
How to embed a link in email message for file attached in email using JavaMail API?
(The program is pretty lengthy, at least with the experience I have in C.) When I print out the schedule, the only thing that comes up is the time.
very simple decore.\n\ni always walk here when i order since it so close and they always have it ready before i get there.
They state: Today, as long as you're not blocking Googlebot from crawling your JavaScript or CSS files, we are generally able to render and understand your web pages like modern browsers.
We love coming to this restaurant.
The sweet potato fries come with a brown sugar butter dipping sauce that will have you smacking your lip for hours afterwards.
Would someone please let me know?
I think I talked it up too much.
, same as , plays the role of because does not work in Android.
Good and fast Chinese food at a reasonable price.\n\nThere aren't that many options for a quick and cheap lunch in this area, but this one satisfies both needs for right around $5.
The two other macro's offer two distinct ways of determining which range to use: uses the cell that is selected when the macro is called.
If I'm ever back in Charlotte, I would eat at this place again.
By far, my favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte.
What can i do to resolve my issue ?
It looks as if they are back there working with a microwave and a toaster oven.
They weren't stingy on the gravy enough for your mash potatoe.
I have no idea if that still creates a proper build, but it does clear out the errors.
Previously, I used nusoap library for this.
Two rolls made for a good lunch.\n\nThey do have other non-sushi dishes.
Set Row Height in JavaFX TableView How can I set row Height in JavaFX table View?
Dude, the other reviewers were NOT kidding about the parking.
Although I didn't try the BBQ I also had a great time.
This sort of initialization is not allowed in C, but it was allowed in C++98 .
I haven't even told you the best part...
So assuming what you really want is a dictionary where keys are the portfolio, and value is a dictionary of the sum of and as separate values:
Here is the class with the Keylisteners.
We were out the door for $85, including a nice tip.
Where do i write if item is not found, and display an appropriate message?
In fact we tried, but the dates we wanted were completely sold out :-(\n\nThe location is perfect, and only a 5 minute walk from the shops and restaurants on Walnut Street.
Delphi 2009 - How to fix 'undeclared identifiers' that are identified I have several custom components in my uses list of a unit.
Little things like that keep me coming back.
Here is an example of formatting your date to ISO 8601 There are several approaches you can use to format the date/time, below is a blog on such examples.
I'm trying to filter records using a model method but am unsure how to implement it in the view.
I would recommend Perfectta to anyone!
\n\nWhen warm weather gets here, stop by and check out the outdoor patio.
If you travel WIA scanner trees, make sure you are aware of the difference of tree layout for Windows XP , Vista and Windows 7 .
Since this was my first time buying cheese in the strip, I was planning on making my purchase at the more popular place next door.
So basically, by specifying and you can filter the blobs based on how elongated they are.
Try adding a unit to your size
As a Panther's fan, and a neighbor of the stadium, I'm probably a little biased here, but I like this stadium a lot.
I tried dropping the whole database on my test system, the membership tables are then auto created on first run, but it's still the same, can create users, but can't log in.
Short answer: none, but you may feel like it is taking a few milliseconds depending on your processor speed and the amount of things angular need to check before it updates the HTML Long answer: As soon as you update the model (well, at the end of the current javascript context), Angular will execute a digest cycle on which it will process all the $watchers (in this case is a watcher over the property).
How do I add a string to browser's auto-complete popup?
This array is posted to a variable and turned into a comma separated string This is then inserted into the database as a comma separated string.
Perhaps you get exit events when the older regions are unloaded by CoreLocation when you go over the limit.
He went for the ribeye and I had roasted chicken.
Louisianne's has seared it's place inside of my restaurant experience.
So you essentially make an array and put the right function pointers at the right indicies and then you use your 'var' as an index to the right 'process' and then you call it.
\n\n You'll also appreciate the folder he gives you at the close of your visit, you get in writing all of the steps he's taken and what you should expect in the days after you see him and before your next appointment.
I started out with Qiulang answer, but it didn't work for me.
As well as their number, each user will be asked to provide their country.
A small is all you may need.
They also use nice products including OPI polish and Bath and Body Works lotion.\n\nIt's a clean salon with nice and professional staff.
The bags are usually up in a reasonable amount of time, no issues ever.
He answered all my questions, and I arranged to bring my car back the next day to get fixed.
It has a great environment too, with a sort of 'open' basement with the staircase in the middle of the building.
It's the that actually issues the command to draw, once the containing is executed.
What is the pythonic way to calculate dot product?
Well, there are and that does what you are asking for but those are limited to a max of 2 children per node.
If getting "a list of all users" isn't something you have to do very often, or doesn't need to scale well, is always "I really always want all users" because it's for a daily scan anyway, use .
Plenty of sales stuff that mention the phone has GPS but I need more info.
When I rendered the page after correcting the reference to the icon file, all worked as expected.
Grabbed lunch here while passing thru while out of town.
I would recommend her to a friend.
The cornbread is a huge plus but is usually too much for me to finish.
(More error prone!) For an example of the latter: You probably want to create sections ( s?) on your Web page, anyway, so would come into play there, making this extra coding kinda annoying and useless.
Do a to see all that is being POST'ed.
But the build fails, with the following error: I have also checked the build.gradle configuration.
Even without the coupon the Gusto lunch menu is a great deal!\n\nThird time I went for brunch with another girlfriend (Dec 2014)\n.
The method does not handle new-lines.
-Xmx1G won't work and I wasn't able to find another reason.
Then you can use this key to either download the dataset or use it as an argument to create the plot.
You could use HTML-like labels as a workaround.
There was a line halfway through the store which moved quickly.
ASP.net 5 ( MVC 6) still available as preview edition.
Good luck finding a space at 5pm on a weekday.
I have a task to do.
The food was good, the bar tenders were nice and the beer was good.
I am certainly not rich and Marvin is always willing to assist me with my budget and what needs to be done on my vehicle.
(I am trying, but it does not work because I have to know ahead of time what the template parameter types will be for it to generate and link the code for them)
Our room was spacious and elegantly decorated.
Concourses B and C belong to US Airways domestic travel.
And I left with a great deal on some new products.
I have three components, , (for that title) and another .
I'll just believe all the other reviews about pricing since it's just a fun place to shop.
I understand the need for this, but if you plan to work here for most of the day you have to keep refilling or buying other items on the menu.
How can I run CPython under a debugger with multiprocessing code?
I ordered the lentil soup, and several appetizer portions including hummus, moohamara, sarma, and falafel.
Update for clarity: I'm trying to see the state of location updates rather than the state of the service.
\n\nI absolutely love supporting local venues and events!
It is a ritual for me to stop every time I'm coming home from the airport (or I just need some awesome fried indulgence).
Our group of seven were greeted by two helpful and knowledgeable young ladies, Jessica and Courtney to explain all the yummy offerings.
Widgets the Symfony way What is "the Symfony way" of creating reusable widgets?
The chef gave us complimentary appetizers and desserts, but we gladly gave the house more business by ordering tasty sushi and drinks.
Found out the CORS error was somehow being triggered by SQL timeout exceptions because our stored procedures were processing huge amounts of data and it was taking too long.
They make chicha morada, which is a drink made from purple corn, and is super refreshing.\n\nCrandalls is owned by a very sweet family from Peru, and I'm so happy to see that they are now showcasing their roots with their new restaurant!!\n\nThey do still have their famous fish fry, and it looked like the lunch menu has cheese curds and sandwiches as well as ceviche.
Contrary to their name, they serve food other than hot dogs...actually I think the majority is something other than a hot dog.
It's so close to Chicago so I can't see why that would be a difficult task to accomplish.
The merge will use revision 122 on trunk as the BASE, with 125 on MayBranch as source revision, and 127 on AugustBranch as destination revision.
\nOur kids each had a cheeseburger kids meal which came with fries or applesauce and choice of a drink (we did milk).
Internet Explorer 7 clickable area links with no fixed width I would like to know if there's a way to set the clickable area of links always strech to the to the parents container when parent container doesn't have a fixed width.
\nMy Yellow tail special was cooked perfectly and delicious; I was really surprised at the large piece of tuna.
Dense, moist *pan cake* with a fried dough-ish edge.
You can do it by this XSLT function ddwrt:IfHasRights(XX) where XX is permission mask.
Would this be possible via jQuery No.
Let's just say it sounded like they got their money's worth.
Is there a way to exclude selectBox1 from being validated by $valid in angularJS?
The meals are big, but I always like having some leftover for another meal.
and it is a main file of a node.js project.
Then I had 4 smaller banana pancakes with a dusting of powdered sugar.
Can't go wrong except for destroying any diet plans and giving you a tad of heartburn for us older folks.
Each character is composed of nine elements: five bars and four spaces.
I also have methods like where I put all my logic related to that widget.
And who doesn't love the cute little mouse sitting on a pyramid of cheese?
"git init" inside appropriate subdirectory + appropriate "git submodule init" etc.).
Sides were good but not as amazing as the meat.
I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples.
As you'll have two co-ordinates to punch in, perhaps call this twice.
If you are going to do it at all the best way would be by using a directive.
The TV in the bathroom mirror was a nice addition.
Best place in the city to get a dog
You just declare following and tweets but not initialized it.
\nTip 3: The \""cheesesteak\"" sucks and is a travesty that people are encouraged to order this abomination, as compared to many other items of deliciousness on the menu.
If you've never had beef tongue, it is soft yet slightly chewy.
When I initialize the DataTables for the table of advisors above, I specify four columns, with the first column not sortable or searchable.
So they are not because they are TWO different strings store in different (Memory) location They are because they have the identical string value .
A Charlotte secret and those who know about it, like it that way.
Easy to access all of the equipment you need.
\n\nThe only complaint I had is that while our food was steamy hot, the crab rangoons weren't.
Can I log the stacktrace of an uncaught exception to a file so that tester can provide me with it(e.g.
But it looks like overkill while I have global PHPUnit.
So far the best nail service received in Charlotte.
Another tip is that you should just focus on getting the numbers on each line right and the dashes separately.
I tested your code, for the first method you took, it works fine by me, I just added a in it.
How do you make a primary key with Valentina Studio?
now loop through that array and split each one again Obviously check for empty lines, and use where needed...
I probably order out from here 3-4 times a month.
I need speed and ease of use.
This is definitely a relationship with benefits!\n\nWe've been into this particular location a few times and each time we have been met by friendly sales associates.
Or you could use in place of , and serialize the array: .
Parking is not the greatest, but this is downtown in a major city.
The setup I would use is to setup an IBAction to your "Add Contact" button.
Kindly suggest me how can I disable jquery validator to create a new for error message and use the existing one.
It depends on your CPU architecture how the communication happens, but it is usually via a special place in RAM, flash or the filesystem.
There is no way to make any faster 1 , but you can decouple the time it takes (i.e.
Last night was the first time I went to Soba and I LOVED it!
I shop the opposite season of the current one to find the best deals.
I can submit the first form with no problem.
Add this to the Circle class: Test it: You can extend this concept so that you can test if a circle overlaps another circle or an area of a polygon defined by Points.
www.villagepizzategacay.com has the whole menu just like before.
It adds a good dimension to a trip to the strip.
Let's add that basic functionality to the Circle object: Now you can use a more logical method: So what about 'above' or 'below'?
The only thing I didn't see was weiner schnitzel, but maybe they have that on other Sundays?
I was looking for a new place to put into rotation and dropped in here a few weeks back.
Nice guy, too.\n\nThe service took a little longer than expected, but not too bad.
Its my usual weekend matinee spot to see the newest random movie out.
In my opinion, Casbah is the best of the big burrito restaurants.
Integer values outside that range take as much space as an object header + 4 bytes.
When the sidebar has the focus, keyboard events are not sent to OnKeyDown.
xml parsing error I am writing a ocs IM client for android and now I am trying to delete a contact from contact list with the command request to the cwa server...
The portion was huge and there were leftovers.
I've called InvalidateRectangle() and UpdateWindow() but that causes the window controls to flicker.
why redmine works while widgets is forbidden?
I got the expected configuration dialog instead of the screensaver running.
PS: If Python RQ is not really good at this, what else tool in Python can I use to achieve the same purpose: round-robin parallelization pipeline processing support
My program was working in Windows XP, but in Windows 7 it crashed with the same 0xc000007b error message as the OP got.
You can't sort a table by default, but you have to do it programmatically.
That doesn't express the depths of my enthusiasm for Klavon's.
Service is usually fast and friendly.
You can take a walk around uptown after dinner to work off the wonderful dinner.
Path.GetFullPath returning wrong path in C# According to the MSDN docs, to get the full file path of a file use Which I would assume delivers the full path of that file for the project it is in.
You're code could look something like
For an example see: However, I think if you need 100 TPS, SOAP is probably not the right technology to use.
I was under the impression that maybe a I can open these pages in Firefox using an array of links one by one and save them from a command line program.
In everything you design, ask yourself "Does this scale well?".
As far as the underlying problem goes, you probably have a call somewhere and you're not taking its asynchronous behavior into account.
Which they did, but I doubt it could do any damage.
He handled the IV sedation himself, and I didn't feel a thing.
I don't remember the last time I left a salon with the complete package for less than $200.\n\nFrom the check-in to consultation to payment and yes, rebooking I had an exceptional experience.
If you want to match an arbitrary number of instances, than rather than using the on the end of your regex, you simply need to call multiple times, and use the ending offset of the previous run as your new starting point.
If you are a soup snob, definitely get the soup over the salad option.
has same parent entity) But I met a famous "Only Ancestor Queries in Transactions" error at the iterating back-reference properties like "album.songs".
There are differents sorts of items, items type, and some of them are put together as a collection.
\nDon't let the outside appearance stop you from giving this place a try.
The cigar prices are marked up substantially, so bring your own sticks and pay the $5 cut fee.
b)Use a DataSet object to retrieve the data for the DataGrid.
Doings in , including changing port number to 8080 or 81, brings no progression.
Where do I start with reporting services in SQL Server 2008 R2 I have installed Visual Web Developer Express 2010, and SQL Server 2008 R2 Express with advanced services.
I've been to Connollys twice, and both times it was for a special event being held in the upstairs room.
(Though I assume it is really simple and the limiting factors are my google skills and lack of python/django knowledge) The scenario: a user can opt in to recieve temporary job openings at any number of stores he or she chooses.
I have allowed users to edit and move their items around, however it does not appear that you can move the item from one screen to another, does anyone know how to do this?
There are other things on the menu but we came for burgers.
From there it's simple to calculate where the 'next' field would be (y=y+1).
I looked her way until she felt my gaze and when she glanced back I shot her a clever wink.
\n\nBrixx isn't doing anything super trendy or memorable, but what they do, they do well.
If someone inside the bathroom, I can't brush or wash my face.
how to Device test Android 2.3.5 where is Developer option?
Same here, it should never generate a query containing "IS NULL" when dealing with foreign keys.
It should work if there are more than 2 rows.
Specifying the language information in the URL is 1 way to indicate that you want to view in that particular language, ignoring your current locale.
Writing a pretty-printer for legacy code in an older language.
Also is there very simple C or C++-implementation of the LLL algorithm ?
It was delicious (but I think San Fran still has it for me).
I'm back to the Dowd, and boy, oh boy, does it feel good.
Sed/Awk/Cut GNU transform text lines to single line I have the following type of data: I need to transform it to: or better: any idea how to automate this using GNU sed, awk, cu or perl/python whatever...
I have a .php file that has html tags and php in it, like this : Here POEdit does not see "blabla" and so it is not added in the .po file.
I got my hair highlighted here last summer and no my girl Jess didnt do them!
You'll have to investigate why you extension is using so much memory.
Yes - this beats out the likes of Casbah, Eleven, Nine on Nine, and Tamari.\n\nFOOD:\nExcellent.
In Clojure one can write which evaluates to 3.
But the nth Fibonacci number is about 0.694n bits long, and this can far exceed 32 as n grows.
Then performing gradient descent on this total risk E.
The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices.
Score!\n\nSo, two great museums for the price of one.
Then i added the code to add new user to the database and ran the app.
It's mostly personal size woodfired pizzas which can be altered.
Your child controllers can simply pass this data to the view.
They have a great collection of candles, beads, and herbs.
If the whole payload was less then the was delivered as non chunked fixed length request.
The waitresses were super busy with big parties who were there for their Sunday afternoon meals but were no less charming and friendly.\n\nI've been once before and I highly recommend the Fried Green Tomato appetizer that I had last time.
Together they are the end all, be all of chip eating.\n\n3.
I'm that girl in the neon fishnets that knows every word to St.
Create an imaginary grid at whatever resolution is suitable for your problem: As coarse grained as possible for good performance but fine-grained enough to find (desirable) gaps between obstacles.
The red curry, crab fried rice and Pad Thai were very good as was the seafood soup.
It seems that the traditional way of doing it was to use UIGetScreenImage(), but surely there is a more "modern" since video recording is now part of the API.
It also eliminates the relatively slow linear search through each column of values in the above.
If they it is a relatively small number you may be better finding a way of holding them in memory rather than querying each time.
Isn't there a browser event I can hook into (or something) so that the user can print from the browser instead of the application?
The workers are awesome - who doesn't want to be called \""dear heart\"" while tasting delicious cheeses?
It involves the use of honey syrup, which is not a common bar ingredient.
You can't have a discussion without hearing what the people sitting at the next table are talking about as well .
A door sign reads \""hiring enthusiastic, energetic and humorous employees\"" , so I walk-in.
Sorry, just seen you were asking for the .
Also Skipper one of the Sales Mangers brought the paperwork to my boss here at the office.
There are a few desktop apps such as Guitar Pro and Tuxguitar that are great.
If you take a look on the links in the mobfox and google ad mob website, you'll see that the adapter is not updated anymore from 08/04/2013...
Prestashop doesn't support "delete product animation", the store you mention as example (mangoshoppers.com) is not using prestashop, is not even PHP.
Just drive a block off Penn Ave in Point Breeze, pull into a fenced-in parking lot, and head toward a little door attached to a deserted-looking warehouse.
They have the best USO i have ever been to.
This is similar in nature to the issue that someone else reported recently in: Is this likely to be a google bug?
Just to reiterate, the mail() function works fine and sends mail, but when calling scripts with the mail() function in it, it occasionally causes slow page load times.
The convention when creating a native extension is to include such a function which gets used by the ruby interpreter to hook things up.
Use the DateTime classes, They are directly comparable and very useful.
This is the code I am using: I makes sense that this bit should do the trick: I even found an example in the book Natural Language Processing with Python that uses the above bit completely analogously: where the authors explain that that bit of code should chunk 4 or more nouns.
\n\nIn early February 2009, the hotel was in the midst of a makeover.
Do not use the page instance after calling this." &lt;- This is from the phantomjs documentation.
\nThe parking and getting the machine to work out can be a problematic during winter months between 4:30-7:00PM.
We have a absolute address of variable .
Just sayin'.\n\nAgain, these bullets should be taken with a grain of salt as the alternatives are more \""nice to haves\"" rather than \""musts\"" when checking off boxes for prospective hotels.
Can't get "retry" to work in Celery Given a file Configured with a I call in the directory that have both files: And then or So the is created with only once.
If their body work for a vehicle is anything like their customer service, they are definitely one of the best places to go in the city.\n\nYes people, this isn't the best neighborhood in the city, but get over it.
We ordered the (very affordable I might add) lo mein for our daughter.
I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late....
Closing and opening the Visual Studio Solution worked for me.
These are both pretty good and would definitely recommend them, but they're just not the same!!!\n\nI HIGHLY RECOMMEND The Warm Goat Cheese and Marscapone Dip!
It was perfect for the brisk, sunny Saturday morning walk down Walnut.
It does get crowded during peak hours but that is to be expected.
I was there on a weekday morning, so there wasn't a whole lot going on, but it was still fun to sit outside on a perfect day, and watch the traffic and people go by.
Show nearby therapist when user gives place input using google maps javascript api I've integrated google maps javascript api in my web app to use some of its features.
no idea if this helps, but I just found this in some code:
However, the raw HTML is in another .CSHTML document.
In fact, sometimes if the host machine is on the weaker side, having the VM on an external drive increases performance.
If it's a photoset I use anythingslider and create a slide.
Well, it appears to work for me.
Generating all possible permutations for a given base and number of digits I'm sure this is pretty simple, but I'm stumped for a way to do this.
I'm happy to report that the situation has finally been settled.
Hey it is what it is.
Food at the saucer is a means to an end; the food is here so you can cleanse your pallet between brews.
I really don't know how you can go wrong, they have great chefs that cook a lot of things from scratch, get the specials they are worth it usually.
You would have to create your own custom for this in Java.
In the first construction/initialization: The very obvious thing happens.
(Exception from HRESULT: 0x8007007E) I then had him install thinking that would help.
But I get a side effect.
But i would use them, just in case :)
I will be back and hope that you will too.
A jQuery selector will never return null, so you have recursion until the stack overflows.
Just to give you an idea of what the patrons think, it's located right across the plaza from the local Starbucks and the line was longer here than Starbucks!
I realize this can be an awkward situation for the restaurant management, but I think everyone deserves a pleasant dining experience (not just parents).
Breakfast is free and also they have a featured dinner with free beer and wine.
\n\nI was suprised that they had cacao powder, for such a small place.
How do I add a column that points to another table in a Rails database?
How can I go about doing this with Heroku?
Do you know how to add a custom .png icon on Android in Phonegap?
We headed over to the register to pay and my bill came up to $6.66, and being the superstitious person I am made an ACK!!
But now i want to trace any scrolling in map view to get its visible area.
The crepes are the same as their pancakes, which are light, lacy and crisp around the edges.
They probably had 75-80 beers available.
This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.\n\nThis store is pretty average.
Too many other, more consistent, options in the price range and vicinity.
implement test step logic including loops, branches, invoking other test steps, running scripts, and reading/writing parameters from/to property files and data sources (although you must programatically navigate &amp; modify XmlHolder instances via scripts if you wish to "data-drive" your tests) Execute SOAP, REST, security &amp; load testing of web services, and also JDBC and HTTP test calls.
I want to open this unit test using Microsoft Test Manager and run it.
The end-goal is to have a simple library that "just works".
Installer not creating instead of compiling install.xml I have given the following command at the directory of like this Is this the correct way to give ?
I tried to increase it by using css but this didn't work: Is there any other way to solve this?
People look up at you if you're not a regular.
(*) Then you need to find out where that 'current' field is in the grid.
You could set Firebug to persist the console so you can see errors on reload.
Sounds like you need some sort of a mechanism to correlate requests to the different plugins available.
They must be doing something right to stay around that long.
I highly recommend either dining upstairs or taking out.
One thing's for certain: If you have a layover here, your arriving and departing flights can't be more than 200 yards apart!\n\n[I can say these things...I'm from CLT!]
Definitely make this a stop if you enjoy and intimate atmosphere with rich food.
I want a copy without indexes and constraints.
An example of where an enum would be useful would be something like...
But it is not designed to be used in cases of GA where you will run many generations and runtime performance is a big factor.
The stock Android one, Samsung, HTC and Motorola all have their own variants, then third party ones like Launcher Pro.
Halfpenny's has been in this spot for FOREVER, and even with changes of ownership through the decades, the food and service remain consistent.\nGood food, good prices, friendly service.
It is a well-greased assembly line that only lets you down if you don't follow the proper path (look at the above paragraph).
It pisses the bar crowd off temporarily but so worth it!
I'm trying to have a script with both executable code and a function, like the following: However, I run into the following error: "The assignment expression is not valid.
Among popular code coverage tools, it is a preferred choice of many users.
It is a great venue with a ton of room.
Live jazz was the cherry on the sundae.
There is LOT parking right across the street, on Smallman St., with tons of spaces.
what you probably want is a "provided"*-scope dependency on (which is a pom artifact containing all the apis/specifications provided to you by wildfly).
Nearly the same wording (with the phrase "resulting unsigned integer type" changed to "resulting type" appears in 6.2.5 paragraph 9 in the C99 and C11 standards.
The service was attentive, helpful and pleasant.
I have been taking my pet cats here for four years.
\n\nParking in Lawrenceville can be iffy at times, but if you drive west a few blocks past Tram's there are usually many streetside spots.
I have tested with relative path ../../application/libs/s3demo.php and even tried to go through my controller album.php but cant access the file.
I t makes a lot of sense to have separate tables for stages, grades, semesters, ...
It traveled several miles successfully in the manner as well.
You get a soup, unsweetened iced tea, spring roll, rice, and main dish.
\n\nThen be prepared after your salad there is a pasta course, which I probably could have done without because I was approaching topped off.
is being passed an address, and so gives you the string representation of that address.
ABD has a great selection of mattresses, and the prices cannot be beat.
Currently, I have the following in the header.jsp, which is included in all pages and includes a reference to a Datastore class that I created.
Not just typical bar fries, but superb, specialty fries.
The potato pancakes were pretty good, but not the best I've had.
*Well, you can, but only if you define them first and then pass them.
I'm working on redesigning some legacy systems at work now and would like to build it with more of a SOA architecture than it currently has.
If I were a chef, I would have balanced out the very sweet citrus sauce with a little soy sauce or something savory.
Regular expression to match a string starting with some characters and following with some symblos I would like to match a string which starts with character sequence .
It is in the back left of the plaza.) When my date and I walked in, we were greeted by a friendly gentleman host, who gave us the option of sitting upstairs or downstairs.
I'm looking for any site that has an API to get company logos given a ticker symbol, company name, or website URL.
In our case, it's the buttons.
The grocery items here are way too expensive.
Here is the scenario: I select a state from the list of states in the dropdown, and the item in the list that do not match the state fade out allowing the matching items to "pop up" to the top.
\nThis is a beautiful establishment, and I personally cannot stand the voices of spoiled whiners on these previous reviews.
A more detailed explanation of the process for both and can be found here .
It's awesome deliciousness scored me many points with the lady and satisfied my soul for making my not-often-enough trip to this fantastic pizza icon of the City of Champs.
For some reason theming using the "searchAutoCompleteTextView" wasn't working for me either.
I've visited Molnar Service Center many times.
Something with three letters, anyway) is very friendly and will chat with you all day if you have the time.
Sweet and vinegary, with a strong jerk spice level.
Our asparagus was perfectly cooked and was accompanied by a delicious hollandaise.
I also put this enumeration after I load a couple of other C# DLLs in my C++ code.
GetMem does not zero the allocated memory, so the fields of your record initially contain random garbage.
I think it was $20/person for lunch.
Multiple primary keys with Doctrine 1 and Symfony 1?
Peking Garden is a wonderful place, excellent for its variety of interesting dishes and pleasant atmosphere.
I have stopped the McAfee services.
You will be using your knife, but never to cut away grizzle or fat.
string.replace(s, old, new[, maxreplace]): Return a copy of string s with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new.
So you want to take a look what headers etc were sent even though the server is not sending the required Access-Control-Allow-Origin header along with the response?
The only competition for this place was the Harold's Chicken Shack in Champaign but it has closed.
I would return, and it's the kind of local joint I'll look forward to bringing out-of-town guests to.
The addition of BYOB was a hidden gem as well.
Refresh Index after redirecting to it from AJAX call I have a situation where I am setting a user value and trying to reload the index page.
or Though if you actually want to see the two's complement unsigned value of a negative number restricted to 32 bits just do: And that will print on all systems.
Over all the food was good.
We waited forever for a drink order and then even longer just to place our order.\n\nMy husband ordered the French onion soup, which is a favorite for both of us.
But the price and the taste is amazing.\nWe two ppl ordered 4 things.
I've made a Chrome extension that should run the code that's in my content script on click of the icon only, but it always runs as soon as the page loads.
How to model mongodb collections for Cassandra database (migration)?
No, it's not organic but it's super homemade and killer.
They had a delicious seasoning on it as well as their chicken.
Center Loss in Keras I want to implement center Loss explained in [ in Keras I started to create a network with 2 outputs such as : First of all, doing like this, is it the good way to proceed?
A further aim of Porter's was to provide a way of creating and defining stemmers that could readily or automatically be translated into C, Java, or other programming languages.
This is a great place to get drunk and eat a cheeseburger.
Your database should have a method for updating the database But that isn't called by default, but when your app first tries to open the database.
Is there a neater way to write this or a more secure way?
Were gentle and had fresh Italian accent that added to the romantic part of the dinner!
\n\nThe best part was the fact that they put pickles on every thing.
\n\nthe hotcakes are most certainly fried - the edges are greasy and crisp.
check for example this example: There is a newer technology from Microsoft called Entity Framework.
I have three functions, one to fill the deck, one for shuffling the cards and one for dealing the cards.
For instance a start date of 12/1/2013 would return the same results as 1/1/2103 (both returning the first value as 1/1/2103).
How to draw into PDF on iOS?
part if it has been split?
However; this works: Is this a defect?
How you choose the initial centroids is the reason why you are getting different results.
If your interests are machine learning, data mining and computer vision then I'd say a Lego mindstorms is not the best option for you.
However, on mobile screen, sometimes the output is too wide and I need somehow to find a way to resize it.
They consist of function pointers only: That allows me to write the functions and separate functions as (.c file): and menus as (.h file): Is there any way I can fold the menu definition into one define?
Very good food and I like the atmosphere and style.
When I went for dinner they accidentally threw away my doggy-bag instead of giving it to me, but they offered to make me a new order, so it worked out fine.
Soba's version: rice cake noodles with wild mushrooms, butternut squash, green beans, arugula and sunflower seed pesto.
Select2 not selecting first item as default I am populating a drop down list in an ASP.Net page using this code When not using Select the new element I am adding is the first selected item in the list, however when applying the Select2 in the javascript too like this.
It's almost like a hamburger, but better in my opinion (and better for you!).
What I have understood from asyncio till now is that when one of the coroutine is waiting over its "yield from", the other coroutine will get a chance to execute please point out if my understanding of the asyncio is correct or not:
Hyatt's has two extremely strong reasons why you should shop there: Selection and Service.
IMO, your are better checking the license in a more random fashion, and more than once per session.
Also, for the full documentation and basic code snippets.
\n\nI have heard grumblings for the past couple of years that Tessaro's partially cooks their burgers throughout the day and then finishes cooking them \""to order\"" so I asked the waitress if I could have a fresh patty, not pre-cooked.
It's a bakery and diner attached to a truck stop on the Wisconsin highway.
We were a little nervous because it is in a truck stop but the food was absolutely delicious and the service was fast and friendly.
The sausage combination was juicy and delicious, the veggies were crisp and delicious, the pork loin was so tender and the sauce was creamy and tangy, the salad options were all that you could expect from a fine German restaurant (make some extra room for the red cabbage especially), and of course the delicious spatzle made the meal just all we could've hoped for.
This caused so much confusion, that the enterprise recently dropped the name \""Center\"" from its name and is now known simply as \""Blumenthal Performing Arts\"" to avoid confusion.
You can never go wrong with the bbq burger - I get it with mild BBQ sauce and add cheddar cheese and bacon.
Stayed here for about 3 days since there was a conference going on.\n\nI would say it is in a pretty nice location.
If you are using the new support library for 5.1 in android studio, you can instead use this on your AppCompatActivity cheers.
We also go when we get their buy one entree get one free coupon in the mail.
I was significantly more impressed with my pasta dish, which was incredibly delicious, but also incredibly rich, so I had to leave about half of it.
Although the status of all 4 ads are "active", 3 are not appearing.
I have a pretty nifty tool, underscore-cli , that's getting the strangest behavior when printing out the help / usage information.
The hostess on the phone informed me that there was no need to call ahead.
that way you only paste new comment, here's an example.: html js PHP For better improvement, i would suggest looking into NodeJs socket for more realtime update.
Typically this feature is used to control how well balanced a cluster is.
The food is best at lunch because it's so cheap.
Calamari was delicious with a nice mayo sauce with a squirt of lime.
Now I have the additional beans definitions in database and use to add them to the context and then add references to them to the list of providers.
It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.\n\nMy only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask.
You can delete the "missing" project from the file system and reimport it again.
But no worries - they have valet, so you don't have to deal with trying to find somewhere to park and walking around.\n\nThe Holy Oil is the best thing I've ever dipped bread into - and I'm a dipper.
With Following guide, you can access iPod media Also for images,
Create a separate class library in your solution (you can target .NET framework 4).
Both were cooked to our specifications (medium and rare, respectively), and were juicy and flavorful.
Design it for the ability to use separate databases, but don't separate until there is a clear performance benefit.
The fiddle shows the properties for the element as: p.description HTMLParagraphElement HTMLElement Node EventTarget Object The application shows these properties: p SVGElement Element Node EventTarget Object I assume this has something to do with how d3 is adding the element.
Problem: in , I don't see the Link Source present.
It's not entirely clear what you're asking in the question and the comments, but it sounds like you might be looking for a full join with a bunch of coalesce statements, e.g.:
RSpec - How to get a better error message?
In the Depends on field, select the check box of any other project that must build before this project does.
Note that a destructor must be defined even if it is declared pure-virtual .
On the button1 click it binds the table to the DataGridView.
The only catch is that you must forward on the standard view controller calls you want to receive (viewWillAppear, etc) but it makes the coding much cleaner since you code just as you would for any other view (although for a smaller space).
Wish we could clone this place!
As they always say, have a look at the MMAPI docs.
When I brought my car in to get fixed, the guy at the front desk recognized me right away and slipped me a coupon from their ad for 10% off my services because he knew that I didn't want to put a lot of money into my car.
The Fried Green Tomato app is nice, not as tart as some, but still good.
They were so nice to do it and they took the cardboard boxes with them.
* The atoi() function converts the initial portion of the string pointed to by nptr to int.
Web service calls and proxy authentication in the real world We are developing an app that consists of a web server that hosts a web service (amongst other things) and a client that will be communicating with that web service.
I don't know if it's the sprout or the dressing, but it is one of the best cobb salads I have ever had.
EDIT : The directory should have the recursive mode enabled.
Three men worked together to quickly diagnose the problem, go get the part I needed, WASHED the car while they were waiting for the part (just to be nice!!) and solved my problem in about an hour.
We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved.
Our waiter brought us a basket of what I suspect to be Portuguese bread.
This is probably because your background image doesn't get repeated (as do the corner images) therefore, it will get covered up by one of the corner pictures.
The Collards are not to my liking, and I've tried them twice.\n\nThe Shrimp and Grits are nice, rich and creamy.
Select statement to get a specific row from an inner join The question I have is kind of simular to this one - However, it was never really answered in the way that I needed it.
The sort of thing you want to do could probably be done more easily using a class factory function like the following.
My current idea on how to fix the image problem is to take images from users when they post a forum and write them to my disk, and provide the new image link.
I've found a reference to object name lengths and file size but nothing about count maximums.
Create separate Components for each of the variants of the file, each with a different release flag.
As soon as a task completes, if the task was able to get the page, add it to a collection of pages and try to get the next largest page that hasn't tried to be processed yet; or if the task was not able to get the page, cancel all tasks where .
It's not a problem that your test code is longer than your production code.
Everything on the menu is reasonably priced with happy hour specials M-F.
Enjoy automatic refreshes after you start in the task runner!
The prices on the a-la-carte sushi, in contrast, looked only slightly more costly than others in town.\n\nThe second difference: innovation.
Madison maybe a bit on the hyper-sensitive side when pulling the race card.
His concern and desire to make sure the repairs were completed to my satisfaction was much appreciated.
Move the contents of the /public folder down a level.
When it fails, it produces an error code that tells you the reason.
FYI: they'll make it with soy milk if you ask.
This is the true definition of a dive.
I'll be making quarterly trips to Charlotte for Craig to continue doing my hair.
If you wanted Pbind to play just one note you would need to use at least one pattern in there which limits itself to just one item: So you can do the same thing with Pmono: This has exactly the same result as the Pbind example, actually, but that's because it's playing only one note.
\n\nBut, I had to do the obnoxious - ask the chef to put an entree together for me, something I often do at restaurants of this price range.
\n\nHowever, this is one of the few bars that made it into the guide that was not.
I like to find non-chain hotels, but sometimes that can be scary...
The wait staff is helpful, knows the menu very well and has had some solid recommendations.
The soup was a tomato based soup with noodles and chick peas.
These "errors" translate not only in wrong data to fill the file but they also allow lines of the script to continue writing to the file (e.g.
How to handle exception in wicket my code: where: and my html page looks like: the problem is in html page that I have url or error and then wicket return exception: how I can solve this problem
He was the best vet I could have hoped for.
This rendered it inedible in my book.
You can possibly make a mutually recursive solution with if you really want, but it seems potentially dangerous (i.e.
Beautiful decor with a nice bar and jazz band playing.
I like a little more banana in my pancakes, but overall they were still great.
let's suppose, that your cell is E6: Find what those funcions mean and you will understand.
Take a look at the filament group website.
Pretty solid, not too expensive and open till 11:00 on weeknights.
You do not need to use i for getting 1024 samples out.
Firstly, I think there might be some misunderstanding in the term 'inject'.
But then I got an error while upload: So I tried now nearly everything...
i suspect you are trying to perform something but have no clue how to use a conventional way to do it.
After a very long night I woke up in my hotel room feeling the effects of the previous night.
I went after work today to pick up a couple things and I loved it!\n\nJenifer St.
Last time I used it, a dude who I wasn't sure could spell bee-er filled up a growler of (I think) Heavy Seas in a *clear* growler.
Once we got in and ordered, the food came out almost immediately making the wait time more worth it.
I believe they go from an XS to a XXL, however, if they do not have your size in stock, they will call over to the West side Old Navy or order it for you online.
Machine learning and data mining Weka - is a collection of machine learning algorithms for data mining.
I'll be glad for any suggestion.
We were there a lil early for dinner (530ish) So we were theonly ones upstairs, it was really nice...
You have a context.xml file for each module and all will get loaded once you load the application.
I suppose I should review this with the amount of times I end up here browsing for something to read during work each week.
An old school lunch counter that also offers burgers, sandwiches, crinkle fries, onion rings, etc...
Have not tried the beef and fish entrees- yet.
As of now, I get as a compile error.
There is a discussion about wrappers of these APIs for .Net applications at .
I find myself wondering around trying to get out, like one of those maze puzzles and before I find the exit, \""Hey look here's the saffron and it's only 17 dollars for a dime bag\"", throw it into the fancy thing that isn't a 'shopping cart' per se but more of a finely tuned epicurean delivery mechanism (all wheels work perfectly, always) and continue the search.
\n\nWe did not stay for dessert at this visit but in the past I have enjoyed the ice cream with cashew dessert.
Apparently, everyone else in Pittsburgh knows this since I have to schedule an appointment 10 days in advance just to get my car inspected.
Very little to no seasoning in both the sauce and the meatballs.
When we needed to replace our heat pump, I did a ton of research on companies - even had a few of them come in and give estimates on doing so.
If you like a casual place, with great bagels, then this is the place for you!
I would definitely recommend him for anyone needing a good oral surgeon.
I've been coming here for almost ten years now, and still love it.
So, rather than getting the tokenizer to return , you're going to have to expect the tokenizer to return , and then make that output work.
Nabbed a desk recently for $20 that's super solid and looks swell in my space.
\n\nOh yea, the TSA opened their checkpoint at 5:15 AM, my flight boarded at 5:35, get there and in line early.\n\nDue to the scrutiny of airport security, I can only award 4 stars.
You can make it happen by adding a disabled panel or UserControl with message and button topmost on the form and enable it when you wish to alert the user.
My coworkers informed me that somehow, their pizzas are even better when ordered by the pie (hard for me to fathom) and also that their hoagies are delicious, so I'm sure I'll be trying one of those next time.
I graciously appreciate their time,demeanor,and service!
If you get the getLogoutURL() result first, access_token should not be zero.
This issue was not present in 7.2 Line 70 from the where the error says to becoming from reads: Note: The commented out line in the above code was working correctly in xcode 7.2.
How do I tell solr where my document collection is?
A good store to pick up your East Asian cooking ingredients.
Although for a fish sandwich and fries you'll probably drop about $10, I think its definitely worth it.
Any method other than the data.replace doesn't seem to work in my case, i tried another script that worked perfectly but only on the on page html, not externally loaded HTML.
\n- Pumpkin waffle with maple ice cream: festive fall dessert and presentation with berries scattered all around.
I used to live within walking distance and that was a treat!
And here is the console output during this process if it helps....
That being said, I would take ANYONE here.
I think they write them all to their own server.
Angular 2 how to remove pasted content from input I'm trying to do some stuff with a pasted string, which works, but when I try to remove the content I can't seem to do it since the pasted content isn't getting bound to the model of the input.
The page will load however the alert box with the spinning cirlce and "loading" message never disappears and the page never fully loads in its css content.
Conversation became a controlled shouting match while he was around.
To enable extensions, verify that they are enabled in those .ini files: - C:\xampp\php\php.ini You can also run `php --ini` inside terminal to see which files are used by PHP in CLI mode.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, just like comic book geeks should be.
EDIT : My goal is to understand how to configure the WiX Bootstrap and Setup projects for small updates, minor upgrades, and major upgrades scenarios.
GET THE BREAD PUDDING!!!\n...This is a nice restaurant that is cramped and casually decorated.
For example, a string like this: could be used in onUpgrade like so: I did an upgrade from v4 to v5 that needed new elements within a table.
SAMPLE 1:BY USING OBJECT LITERAL SAMPLE 2:BY USING PROTOTYPE
Actually I want that Chart should draw in slow motion.
How to save data from a DataGridView into database?
If you omit that line then the "parameter marker not allowed" error will go away and you can carry on with your UPDATE using the PreparedStatement.
As the other reviewer said, she tells you what the dress needs and the costs up front.
I'm not one to dish out five stars for just any restaurant, but Carpe Diem is definitely deserving.
now you can user from any location using command line tools.
I can't tell when or on what thread the form might have been created.
It wasn't your standard grilled asparagus.\n\nFinally I had the hush puppies.
The important thing is, how can I set this up in a way that I can access necessary product data in the product template and that both products are added to the cart correctly (and removed from the inventory accordingly).
Stopped at the Market Square Primanti's this weekend after a Pirates game.
Secondly, merge sort on linked list is not a good idea since it will not be efficient at all.
So upon opening the report, all available units are selected and all respective job positions are retrieved - works fine.
I would certainly try and get away with these before getting any more involved.
j2me connection to spring security I have an application that use spring security for authentification I m trying to connect to this application from j2ME midlet so I am sending an HTTP request from a j2me application using the post method to send username and the password but it doesn't work the post methode code is fine.
Unfortunately, instead of using the value that I've just assigned to $scope.user , it seems that the value that gets passed to the controller of shop.userDetails is the one that was originally resolved when the shop state's controller was created.
On the other hand the number of stories that meet is 13.
PHP Image content type problem I have a specific problem, and cant get over it.
I entered '100' to my search bar.
And as parents know, if your children are happy, you are happy.
Connoisseur of this fast food joint told me to order the Chicken sandwich with extra pickles, waffle fries and an Icedream.
I guess if you insist on a free upgrade...
You could use the WITH clause to achieve the same effect: First you create a virtual DISTINCT_TABLES table: next you create a subquery b with the following you join with original DISTINCT_TALENTS to obtain you take the distinct personid, talent to obtain the final result.
A great service to the public.\n\nThere is only one restroom and it is not nice.
I've implemented the Log in with Facebook tutorial from asp.net , then I created a mobile MVC 4 web site.
You have an amazing variety, all my favorites.
I've come back twice since then, to eat in the bar area.
To finish, you can then, on your models, extend from «some_other_model_name».
This should link users directly to a specific app's product details page on Google Play.
I've checked it using breakpoints and I can't understand why do I get zero after I run this line.
Your script filter is slow on big data and doesn't use benefits of "indexing".
The staff and opening host of the show were super friendly.
\n\nMu Shui style pork with plum sauce and pancakes has been fine, not dry and overcooked, and no sight of canned vegetables.
We both ordered the current special of Waygu burger and glass of wine for $25 (we chose the Silver Oak Cab) served with parm.
LoadBalancer port 27017 is forwarded to DataVM0 port 27017 LoadBalancer port 27018 is forwarded to DataVM1 port 27017 LoadBalancer port 27019 is forwarded to ArbiterVM port 27017 Here, my connection string would look something like this: Are both these ways to connect equivalent in terms of replica sets?
Any systematic scheme you implement for generating passphrases will be vulnerable to someone attacking your system.
To control volume: Define your player class to implement runnable, and control it in its own thread.
Illustra was a commercial release of PostgreSQL which was subsequently bought by Informix.
The chocolate cake is very rich, but with a bit of ice cream on top, the perfect chocolately end to your evening.\n\nThey have a very helpful slew of valet attendants out front for free parking, so defintiely plan to use them.
There's a lot here already, so maybe this is just a minor addition but here's what I find to be the biggest differences.
Food is above average, service was great, prices really low.\n\nThe sweet potato hash with tofu scramble was especially good.
I find Olive Garden restaurants have consistently higher quality not only compared to the other franchise stores in it's price range, but also notably better than some family owned Italian restaurants I could name.
When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago, P F Chang's was no great shakes, one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.\n\nHere in Pittsburgh, it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.
When I call to order for carryout they listen well and read back everything.
The storyboard animation retains a reference to the item until the animation is complete.
Instead of trying to run ij.bat, and feed it commands to run and parse the output, just have your program use the ij class, and its runScript method: Then you don't have to spawn a separate process, but can just keep everything in pure Java in your program itself.
But she still kept the look of the dress so that the change was slight and still fit the style.
Needing to check for return values on all important calls (some would argue all calls) takes a lot of discipline and a lot of C code out there doesn't do it.
It is a no frills greasy spoon type of place but I kind of like that.
Just add your own property, and see how that works.
The inside is all original complete with 3 old telephone booths, stained glass windows, beautiful counter top, fancy chrome soda fountains, and several glass display cases displaying items from times past!
For example, one server may serve multiple Django-powered sites, each with a separate time-zone setting.
I've been here three times, and each time was just excellent.
I have this code, when I click on "generate password" calls to a function (it´s in my controller Admin) and it returns me a string.
You get a lot of food - for a very good price.
french toast was crisp and cooked perfectly, although not really stuffed, just an extra slather of raspberry jam.
I grit my teeth when I am left standing for a few minutes while staff members \""pretend\"" not to see you while finishing up their previous business.
I has the blue cheese/bacon burger and it was fantastic.
Has anyone come across anything like this before??
The atmosphere is also great and the service is very friendly.
But seriously, if you want to feel transported from Pittsburgh and imagine yourself in a hip little bar/restaurant in a more trendy city, this is your place.
The second step is to provide the offset by assigning which JSON.NET will pickup from a and automatically convert from Local time to UTC - much like the out-of-the-box ASP.NET MVC does.
Is not reusing created SOAP client object Can anyone tell me why the SOAP client is not being re-used?
Until there's a reason given why it can't work, just use the facilities provided to you by the platform (the DLL and so forth).
I run commands such as Which tell me the file or directory does not exist.
I have no idea where the mistake is.
Bread is mmmgood and hot (free).
Is there any way to force OAuth token refresh?
We ordered from the menu instead of the buffet.
It's a brief article written [disclaimer: by me] when I once had to develop a helicopter flight simulator.
It was good, but the bun was dry and stale.
Is this the right way to do it?
You have a spurious semicolon between the loop and what you think is the body.
The rice and beans are bland, but upon request they give a spicy sauce that tastes much like habenero sauce to me.
XML, DTD: how to make the order not important I started off using an XML file and a parser as a convenient way to store my data I want to use DTD to check the structure of the xml files when they arrive.
Edit: There you go for JSFIDDLE: See that 'pF' is selected by default, and it actually looks like 'nF'.
When the error was thrown both client and server are connected to the internet using HSPA Modems(Because some one told me socket app will not work over ADSL).
The service was fine, nothing special.
The problem you're having is not related to GWT per se , but with Java itself.
As also said in documentation, Validate that the annotated string is not null or empty.
I am encountering a funny problem with UIPickerView.
If its negative - java will throw an error and we will handle it.
I owe it all to Eddy!\nThe atmosphere is upscale but not stuffy.
Since Java does not support multiple inheritance, I have trouble creating Rhinoceros which is a Horned and Tailed animal.
How can I apply a formula so that B:B returns the surname only of A:A if that name is found in the range 'Surnames'.
doesnt get any better than that.
I have a recipe that my dad has been making since I was a toddler that I wanted for the main dish and they were able to recreate it for us without a problem.\n\nThe day of, the service staff was friendly and professional.
Many Japanese restaurants are Americanized and that special authenticity of the cuisine is lost.
Previously I was displaying this data using a ton of cube geometries, which I could then change the height on.
I get that they will be somewhat confining; but, seriously, I'm 5'5 and my legs were crushed against the seat in front of me.
The ribs are top notch and the sauce is just right.
You can use or , but you'll have to use locks around it when adding to it and when removing from it, and you'll want to use a counting semaphore so that the threads will block, but stay alive, while you slowly add workunits to the queue (say, buffers of files read from disk).
Good thing I did because the ladies who lunch had taken every table except for one!\n\nLooking at the menu, the first thing that struck me was that this wasn't a lunch place!
I was lucky enough that the conference I had to attend (which changes cities every year) was in Pittsburgh the year I gave a seminar!
where else can you find all the parts and pieces for a 9 year old girl to become Albert Einstein?
and you need to make sure to register the event in the GridView
The syntax as the following: For example, you have class named Car, which is resided in com.toyota package.
It feels more like a 1 Bedroom apartment than a hotel.
Have been stuck on this for the last day without any success.
What's wrong with the first template?
I saw directory like daemons, nodes, etc......
This is a bar, this is your neighborhood bar.
You can insert a new subview relative to the others using , and you can reorder the existing subviews by getting the property, reordering the views therein as you like, and then calling to set the new order.
Even when the EMTs arrived and drunk punches were thrown the staff stood stoically ready to show their support for their customer.
Built-in providers already exist for SQL Server, and you can create your own Membership Provider by inheriting from the System.Web.Security.MembershipProvider base class.
We have never had bad food here and we come here 2 - 3x/month.
I read about this is a book by Knuth and according to that book, the Batcher's parallel merge sort is the fastest algorithm and also the most hardware efficient.
Aggressive herbal flavors perfectly matched with a spike of lemony acidity.
I've never been treated better in a restaurant, especially when eating a meal at such a considerable discount.\n\nIn case you can't tell from the above, we really had a fantastic evening.
Then, hit the small box to the right of char viewers search bar.
I tried their decorative cookies and I was hooked.
However, I have been here for brunch and it was asi asi...but really, Mama, you'll know I'll be coming back.
One of the very few bars that I've been to in Pittsburgh with a legitimate mix of people from all walks of life.
That said, I have yet to find a better thin crust in Madison.
Went for brunch with a group of ladies and we had a great time!
The \""Wet Cajun\"" are by the best & most popular.
It's going to depend on a lot of things, here's how you can find out.
The staff are very friendly, especially my stylist Marisa.
(duh)\nBakery seems full of variety, from boring midwest white bread products to many whole grain and local breads/pastries.
For example, consider this query - it'll give you the table of all roles and privileges with corresponding values for them: But there is a catch with such solution: you need to name each privilige in IN clause (or use XML keyword, but it'll mess up the result), but, considering that list of priviliges supposed to change not so frequently, it shouldn't be a problem.
A big item is that you have free WiFi!
After when I call: I have some errors because missing "OpenCL" "AppKit" "QuartzCore" "QTKit" "Cocoa".
This behaviour is fixed in the latest jquery-validate.js on github .
In my opinion, there's no need to try anything else.\n\nService is spot on.
Event handlers are executed in order of initialization.
At the bottom selected columns will have aggregates: sum, average, count etc.
My most recent experience was for a \""Relentless Against Cancer\"" charity event that my friend was throwing in honor of the charity her family runs.
I will definitely bring my wife for dinner.
LOVE the hot and Sour soup and they are always so nice in there!
Do this:- Another thing, what happens in this function is that I have an empty array called "scores", fill it up with the candidate+score hashes, and return the array scores at the end, is there some kind of syntactic sugar or something for this?
She said it was the best she's ever had.
You can use: for this purpose
The view should then also be updated due to the angular data-binding.
However using I can indeed login in the "first" app, but then I'm not in the "second" one.
How would you know what the wrapper name was in the class?
The restore has resulted in a database catalog on the new system with inconsistent elements.
The women's locker room has just about everything you could need, including a workout area, towels, hair dryers, & an ironing board.
Ask for Dee Dee; she's a trip!
Great karaoke on Saturday nights, Pirates game specials and Meatloaf of Tuesdays is to die for!
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison - and I think it is the best one in town.\n\nHere's what I like:\n\nThe House Guacamole - Heaven!
I wasn't going to be able to arrive by the time the shop closed, so they made arrangements so I could pick up my car after hours.\n\nMy third visit was this week.
Their pho also always comes with sliced rare beef, which is sometimes cooked well done at other pho places (COUGH TRAM's KITCHEN COUGH).
15 different ones to choose from.
Then assign that macro to a button.
DISCLAIMER: I haven't tested this but it's just to help you on your way
Sounds like you are getting back an empty response, so that null check always resolves to true.
Thanks in advance for your help!
They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s), and the outdoor seating on the sidewalk is good, too, if you want to escape the sports crowd but still enjoy some of the atmosphere.
The trouble is, we don't have a mechanism to receive via email the accept/decline responses that standard email clients automatically send when the user accepts/declines an appointment.
The mango beef and alu palak were superb.
If you'd remove the first signature, the second signature would become invalid.
\n\nWhen I was there, I had a dish that consisted of two different cuts of wild boar in a currant and wine sauce.
Note: I need to use external storage, so both internal storage or a DB would be inappropriate.
It is also a little questionable how they serve it but, I've never denied myself some discount tofu.
It is affordable, not stuffy and you can kick back and be yourself.
Only install the Components associated with the release flag you want.
here is my current work Right now I have made it so when a user input a number higher than 100 or lower than 1, it prints out "invalid".
This should also work with negative Numbers
The restaurant has soft lighting and stone walls, and you could eat inside or out and it will be just as beautiful.
I've tried linking directly to the PDF file, linking to an iframe, and linking to an embed tag (among other crazier things).
For this problem I always use a solution in every function of controller.
When you are there order the Ephesus Pizza.
It is very convenient in situations when you need to produce a piece of callable code that needs to be used only once, e.g.
Problem 1 : As Blau stated, your rocks will be sorted from front to back, and because they have the same depth, they will (some times) be sorted randomly.
Mine started working when I set to True on a date field on a data table in the xsd file.
\n\nThe foie gras was not the best ever, but the presentation and the flavors were well prepared and tasty.
I'm using IIS Express for both the MVC site that worked and the MVC mobile site that doesn't.
Can't go wrong with their buy one, get one free t-shirt section!
Now my Mum selected the fresh trout which came with her favorite, real mashed potatoes, and served with green beans.
Translating it to syntax I'm assuming the comma in the timestamp is decimal separator.
I would definitely go back again.
(no maven, no ant, no makefile) However, when I run lint on the project, it complains that Class referenced in the manifest, com.test.library.LibraryActivity, was not found in the project or the libraries Which is incorrect, since it compiles and run.
Enable form based login in Jboss EAP 6.3 Following the official tutorial form-based auth is achieved by simply adding this to web.xml: I did that, but web.xml gets ignored when deploying.
I got the chocolate maki, which was rich and delicious.
It is made using UIWebView or MPMoviewPlayer.
is it a bad style of query to do that subselect - my SQL knowledge is terrible, one of the goals of this project is to improve it!) Or am I just hitting a limit of a shared db and should expect to move onto a dedicated db (e.g.
Superb service and reliably fine food from this family owned restaurant.
Class level variables can't maintain their value on postback.
I fixed it by altering my code in the main application as follows: changed to: I believe the reason for the error, was that the "this" object at runtime, was actually the "graphBtn" instead of the appInterface.
had the stuffed french toast, and the bob's special.
What's happening is the Dependency Property is getting Registered multiple times under the same name and owner.
Also statement helps to dispose the resources perfectly.
Here is the code that I have: If I have this code wrapped in html tags and then make it into its own page and hit click, the code executes perfectly and the retrieved page is displayed in the iframe.
The owners are very friendly and the food is just as good as any authentic Chinese/Thai takeout place.
What really set this night apart was the level of service we received.
The girls that brought our food out was awesome as well!
:) Also, as an aside, you can chain constructors in C#.
A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun).
I think you may have a couple of issues here ...
It was very sweetly spiced and I was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.
Definitely worth your time learning about such things.
It was a nice stop over point on our recent trip to San Juan, Puerto Rico.
For example the following is a quick hack (untested) at you code to eliminate some of the separate selects:-
You can select it outside, but not yet , that callback takes some time to run (it has to get the data from the server, the callback happens later , when that finishes), so when you do this: That element isn't there yet (and so the selector doesn't find anything...it's running before that callback creating it does), you need to wait until the callback finishes before continuing any code that needs elements created by it.
Ahhh genius.\n\nAnd did I mention the food, they have everything you might be craving and some new ideas that will get your mouth watering.
You could try and have a hook on the server, triggered when receiving (like, for instance, this GitHubHook : a GitHub Post-Receive Deployment Hook ), which would: modify the local file adding a user.name and user.email in said config file That would presume the deploys commits are done before the next push from GitHub to the server, otherwise, the wrong credential would be used.
Creation of DataTemplate in code-behind fails I'm trying to create a in my code and I came across .
The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to.
If the time is not available, either don't INSERT or UPDATE the database to make the reservation, or ROLLBACK the transaction.
Here's the code The first piece gives this error and the second compiles just fine.
It is a relaxed atmosphere and they have great food.
I'm not a big cornbread fan, but slap some butter on this stuff and it's quite amazing.\n\nOur server recommended the ribs, and so I ordered them with the yardbird, mac and cheese and greens.
They have fruit tarts and a lot of different flavored cheesecakes and cannolis.\n\nWhole Foods seems more expensive than Aldi but less expensive than Giant Eagle.
Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great!
This removes the list of services:
I also tried to go by the reference on MSDN Here's the markup.
So when it happened, I had no clue what to do.
They have everything you'd need from a grocery store and ALL of the registers have a cashier( who is helpful AND pleasant!) I bought a cooked turkey breast while I was in there because it looked o nice...oh my goodness.
Some research online revealed that since factors are loaded into memory by ff, the latter will not significantly improve memory usage if many factor values are present.
This error is typical when you send a message that is missing the session token tag.
On what hardware are you running?
Here are my models (simplified): Here is my view for the template: I can retrieve info for the brands successfully in my view: But I don't know how to do this for stores, since it's not really defined in the Brands.
A bottle of Moet went up to $87 so I decided not to get it this time and moved straight to the food.\n\nI began the meal this time with calamari, followed by the tuna again with the bronzini (sea bass) for myself and ended the meal with a light honeycrisp apple pudding cake dessert.
But when I ran my slightly modifed code I got the new version of the property: I know that the guide is based on an older version of Emberjs (I suppose 1.3).
I've come here for the odd bits and bobs--brass casters for a piece of antique furniture (25 cents each), vintage milk glass door knobs ($30), wardrobes for a closet-less room ($40 each), a set of four wooden chairs ($10 each), etc.
it just continues smoothly and with no errors !
Mert's has an atmosphere that is trying to look like a dive diner, but comfortable and clean as well.
my problem is I don't believe I am formatting my if statement correctly.
And yes, I had a fake ID so I could get into most places.
And I'll wait with no problem because that usually means that the food is worth it...
3 TVs in double queen suites.
Is this better or worse than creating a thread for each consumer?
Charles Crowley has written a much more complete .
Copy Blob operation within Windows Azure (i.e.
They had actually reserved a room in Columbia, SC in error - then charged us for not showing up !?
(Unresolved dependencies) What's the right way to use sbt with 2.10 trunk?
I wonder how to extract and use that value from the res variable inside the function.
Anyways, food/snacks are surprisingly cheap with a decent menu.
The Type is beeing called from another form: Thanks for any help!
This may not work in your scenario, but you can invoke a method from a binding using an ObjectDataProvider.
Alternatively, you can determine empirically when it overflows just by doing the calculations....
This is great, simple, traditional italian american food.
Here is the place to go.
Yes, there ARE still airports who charge for it, I know I know....\n\nI'm one of the few business travelers who apparently still checks a bag, and luggage delivery is always very fast on the return trip.
Here's a little script which demonstrates this:
Print after getting so you know that what you get in it.
It was the flat and was cut thin, probably because it was a touch dry.
Is that supposed to be correct?
The UI will be frozen while the database access occurs.
A small touch of ambiance, but authentic music would go a long way.
Once I had friends with me and after waiting 45 minutes, gave up on getting any seats.
From the C++ standard: 3.8 Object lifetime 4 A program may end the lifetime of any object by reusing the storage which the object occupies or by explicitly calling the destructor for an object of a class type with a non-trivial destructor.
But the problems I have is understanding how I "rebuild" my payload in the application.
From there I created a single report.
The sushi during happy hour is great.
The character 'ф' has the Unicode value U+0444 and so in C++ you could write it '\u0444' or '\U00000444'.
Cajun/Creole is definitely a different type of food than what I usually grab.
I need to count the number of foreign keys in an other table connected by a foreign key to a row from a queryset.
They were tasty and not rubbery.
(Am I even using the right language when I talk about intents?)
I forgot about the pasta, and to be honest, it couldn't stand up to the pizza.\n\nThis 5 star rating is absolutely for the best margherita pizza I've ever had - and thanks Misty for the awesome rec!
All of the bad cliche things you hear about Indian food, is nothing like Taste of India.
There is ususally a sale or special deal to look for on one of the store's front tables, and a wide selection of holiday items.
I thought their prices were reasonable; I had a three piece suit, dress, and the repairs for around $29.
Any thoughts on how to get this to read in properly?
hubs and i went here once during restaurant week and partook in the special they had going.
Like those blue , , .
This returns the sequence you look for: In short: split each string on the character into two-element arrays.
Not exactly sure why, maybe the coupons that come in, or that it is close to us, but I've had no problems dealing with them.\n\nMy only complaint, is they are always busy!
What you need to do, is add an actual event whenever a selection is made.
The sauce is fantastic, and when done well, this place is something special.
Menu is huge, and we don't know how other meals are.
This year at almost 3, he was able to do a lot more so we got to bang on the drums, build monsters & play with the vacuum tubes (which were his favorite).
Assuming that's VB.Net, you need to escape the : In .Net regular expressions, parentheses are the grouping characters.
So if you change those values to variables and put them as parameters in your function you could specify where.
you can get more from You can save to somewhere(say your ) and retrieve it in the method corresponding to .
Make sure you request a room with a river view.
For this example: Why do I get different results from and Thanks
I'll definitely be coming back to get a more rounded experience.
When public stream wrapper dirs/files are sub-dir of: sites/default/files It is assumed that although you have somehtmlfile in the URL that you really want to stream somehtmlfile.pdf (if you want to stream somehtmlfile.html then simply adjust the hard coded '.pdf' suffix) file_transfer calls drupal_exit() as its last step which essentially ends request processing.
But we had a great 'lil Saturday lunch here at Atria's after walking our new puppy around the North Shore.
This conversion will usually depend on the from-address or reply-address of the email, and the parts of the email, the subject, and the from- and reply-addresses will be required for creating the new .
Only complaint was the amount of time to be seated
Extracting filter responses from Caffe model I am having trouble trying to visualize the filter responses in a Caffe neural network using PyCaffe.
Nice and spicy which im not a huge fan of spicy but i tried their chicken diane and ate the whole thing!
It only happen when I use Gradle or Maven to compile the project
Where in C++ you might have private data in a header and rely on is preventing access, in C you want to push implementation details into the source files as much as possible.
If you want to, you can explicitly implement the interface and have another method with the same name that returns the subtype.
Click the 'Back to map' button and you will see that the map is now broken.
Most of the time I leave happy, sometimes irritated, but I'm always full and ready for a nap.
On this page here ( I am trying to load the div#center-stage from here: I have tried it with and without the /careers.aspx.
But this code is same as writing : Second Code: I don't understand the difference in the two codes.
I need to be able to access the count property of in the method implementation for :
Here's my code: All I get in the email is the original rebate image, even though I enter information in the fields.
We passed back around to the rose garden and detoured around the flooded pathways, so I'm not entirely sure which gardens we passed through.\n\nAfter getting soaked (I'm glad I had my waterproof kayaking shoes in the car) we walked through the indoor garden, which was free because I had my membership card for the CBG, otherwise it would have been $2.
I was good and the whipped cream on the side just melted in my mouth.\n\nI don't know why I waited so long to make a return visit but trust me, I'm going to make it a priority to get back there soon!
Name them Production and Archive and have them point to the correct servers and database.
Soba achieves all three with flying colors.
EDIT: I see that there is a way to find out the size of the text by using .
When I try to save Hotel with has new Geography I getting foreign key exception, looks like Nhibenate fails to save data in correct order, is it something I can correct via Fluent Nhibernate ?
ldap ObjectSID string to hex I can't figure out how to search in an ldap directory by objectsid string: Then i read somewhere you should pass it as hex value: /00/00/....
There weren't that many choices for proteins, but the choices that were available were all delicious.
\n\nBEWARE OF: **If you get the shrimp tacos, I recommend them grilled.
The sandwiches for those just learning.
I'm trying to pass an ajax action to /wp-admin/admin-ajax.php, however I can't seem to get it to call any functions that use a class to encapsulate the namespace.
\n\nThere are two pools--cool & warm.
in the table for the grades).
To be correct - to implement special member function (constructor/ copy constructor), because only in that methods can be used member initialization syntax(You have mentioned it as 1-st way).
You have to #include to get this stuff.
Once you've chosen 'Add to page' for an application, those that can be added as tabs will appear when you click the + sign on your page.
Mamma better slap me, because I just sinned...
This is my default hotel when I'm staying in Pittsburgh.
Thanks in advance for your answers, Cheers
\n\nThey had several sizes of machines to choose from, ranging from average (a regular household laundry machine) to mega-capacity.
Fixing the permissions solved the SIGPIPE problem.
Here is my code : The important part is: And here is the error.
Some of the places I've dined at in Kansas City, for instance, were a step up from this.
For the entree we had the Mongolian chicken, which was mind blowing.
If you haven't been here, go.
I think the confusion comes from the idea of normalizing "a value" as opposed to "a vector"; if you just think of a single number as a value, normalization doesn't make any sense.
\n\nAs soon as i walked in, I felt really special, which sounds corny and laughably pathetic but I'm not kidding...I felt like one of Angelina Jolie's adopted kids...really special.
You're conflating system call numbers with the system call arguments.
This is my favorite hotel in Pittsburgh.\n\nYou can't beat the location.
If you are going to claim it will be 15 minutes or less, then I am expecting that.
If you use the argument, you're setting the colors through the "system".
EDIT : Looks like there may not be a way to change REINSTALLMODE?
Genuinely awesome staff, short wait time, painless donation process.
Everything is a series of bytes -- the data on your hard drive, and the data you send and receive on the Internet.
Everything was top notch including the service which was friendly and attentive.
I love the atmosphere of this place, very laid back, cozy, inviting.
I have to clean-up the emails and take out any unwanted punctuation after the emails, such as semi-colons, commas and spaces.
Javascript obfuscate AJAX code First of all sorry if the name of the topic isn't the most correct.
Very nice venue\nI saw Jon Gordon speaker for the NEW (executive women) and was impressed with food and how upscale it is
Every dish is better than the last.
Another nice touch is that WiFi is free.
I work in a pretty desolate area, and there isn't much to choose from in the food category.
Very good service and great pizza!
There were also some incredibly delicious-looking pastries which I will need to go back soon to try.
\n\nI don't wanna listen to that shit while I'm lifting; I wanna get pumped up!\n\nThey could take a hint from 24 Hour Fitness (which usually plays some pretty bad-ass house music)...
To avoid variable expansion, I had to use single-quote escapes .
Degenerate a single SQL table into multiple domaines tables In short: I have a client who wish to be able to add domain tables, without adding SQL tables.
It doesn't work because you're trying to replace the ASCII apostrophe (or single-quote) and quote characters with the empty string, when what's actually in your source string aren't ASCII characters.
You can find some really great deals here.
I swing by to put my clothes in the wash and then go home or grab a bite to eat for the next 40ish minutes while they're cleaning.
In this case, the objects you're getting out of the XPath query translate to string form like "SimpleXML object" (not exactly like that, but the exact representation is not important).
i searched reviews for it on Amazon and it was listed at $25..
It just doesn't get into the else which changes error to true.
And the html is as follows.
i think this is the right place..
Every time I am town I have to stop and pick up a couple cuts.
Local Files - Save arbitrary files to internal or external device storage.
Can anyone shed any light on this?
Created two scripts: one serializes it's arguments to a strings other starts this command line (with optional prepended arguments) Serialize: Deserialize: Example:
Bulk ingest into Redis I'm trying to load a large piece of data into Redis as fast as possible.
I wasn't certain they'd be able to see me soon enough, but whatever.
I know nothing about cutting hair, but this guy undoubtedly has a technique he has honed.
Just enough room for you to do your business and turn around to wash your hands.\n\nThe staff here on the particular night I attended were polite, funny and nice to chat with.
\n\nBesides this, broth was excellent and portion/taste was great.
you either love it or you don't.
I would do something like the following: Notice that you don't need an explicit radius or center because the texture coordinates are normalized.
There are plenty of power outlets you just have to look behind the chairs .
i prefer this location to the tablecloth place on 1st.
Greens, tomato wedges, Monterey Jack & Cheddar Cheese.
They also have a delicious little gelato place.
Everything after last backslash is interpreted as file name independent on being in real the name of a file or a folder.
You cannot update a dll while it is in use, however you can.
\n\nOverall, an affordable, low-fuss, great place to eat.
Doctrine 2 Transaction demarcation: implicit vs explicit Im reading the doctrine 2 docs and have a question about transaction demarcation.
Is there a way to use to remove commas that only show up between ?
Another thing you can do is using a cache.
There was a bit of a wait (about 20 min), but nothing out of the ordinary for a Friday night around 5:30 pm.
In VA I worked at a wine and beer bar, where we served and I tasted some of the best beers in the world.
How can i determine that CollapsingToolbar is collapsed?
You must call robot.keyRelease(); once after calling keypress() or call it for all the keys when closing the application.
Order an entree and get choice of two sides (mac and cheese, potatoes, fries etc).
Upon entering the extremely old (classic) building I'm struck by the interior which is truly \""old school\"".
The chicken is moist, macaroni is rich, and the collards are full of flavor.
This is My CSV File Here is My Code By using this code i get output is below But I want Output like this....
The others ordered the crispy creme makers mark bread pudding and could not stop raving about it - so I would say go for it if that's your thing.
I had a wonderful experience at this restaurant bringing 8 out of town guests from across the country.
I was greeted at every turn by management and staff alike and room service even ran back downstairs to get me a straw when my Bloody Mary came without one.
How to get the text in a dynamic text box of a form in Angular Js?
Ordered the Crostini and Crab con Queso...both were excellent.
I don't remember much other than it was a solid meal and the mushroom soup I got was good.\n\nAnyway, it was fairly empty for lunch.
I've tried many times to understand it, but that usually means doing research on the Web, and ...well...
Kindly help me in making the changes with the below code as i am getting it right to work.
Excellent set up for any weather situation.
Emma checks and reports for code coverage in a source code of a Java program.
The salads came topped with many different things and I thought that they were pretty good salads for being included in the meal.
Basically the window slides thru the image with fixed stride length, on number of image scales.
Enterprise Library Mappings Is there a way to map database fields to OOP complex type fields with Enterprise Library.
What needs to be done to correctly export in A?
Some programs requires to reload, others simply to repaint (as it seems the case with the sample you provided).
How should I go about redesigning this query?
They have been extrememly professional and considerate the whole time I have rented.
I gave it a shot, but it ultimately was not my taste, so it was banished to the serving container....
For gzipped or deflated data, read in all of the data (keep in mind that you might not get all of the data the first time you ask.
But, if you're looking for decent (3 star) food, great value and service you could do a lot worse.
I would recommend it to my friends.
but I'm still not sure what it does or how to implement a 'linked project', do you have any more information on this?
EDIT fixed the button index, now facing a black screen after [self toMain]
The benefit is you wouldn't need to use HTTPS or POST.
There is something to be said about friendly service and this place has it!
We will definently be back thanks for a great dining experience.
Whether you're taking out, eating in, or having food delivered, everything here is delicious.
So it's not the ball which gets to age 4 that vanishes but the subsequent one.
Salads are good, but this place's secret is their Thursday special, Baked Chicken.
JUnit's assertEquals() and such - good for tests, but can't use in main code Nothing technically prevents you from using JUnit assetions (and/or Hamcrest matchers) in your main code.
Food is a little pricey and if you get more than an entree and coffee it's easy to quickly rack up quite a bill for such a modest seeming place.
He make jokes, answered our questions about the menu, and never kept us waiting long when we needed something.
You are calling it without any parameters.
Extracting sub-matrices from a matrix I was wondering: I have a 100x100 matrix.
They're specialty is gyros sandwiches (on pita bread): pick your meat (lamb or chicken), size (small, medium, large), and sides (get the combo which comes with fries and a drink).
I work across the way from here and decided to pop in for lunch.
I like the other ones better as they are often faster at preparing food than this one.
In 8khz model is usually 3500 or 4000.
This is probably related to a known issue in ui-router since angular 1.3.4 or so.
Just move the C# code to the new app and see how that goes.
For an entree, I had the seared rare tuna.
My guess is that you would have more luck with either of them than with the Axiomatic C compiler.
They also have a nice variety of shopping.
The cake was very moist and smooth only 1 word could describe it- delicious!
When you are working out the time after adding the minutes, why do you not use the hours and minutes variables?
Many of the folks buried here were from the same well-established (old money) families who still reside in Charlotte today.
I think you should use one and change its according to the selection of .
Error while implementing XSSF example I want to read large Excel files (.xlsx) with java.
I cut my teeth on the RW&B in the mid nineties and just revisited it for the first time since then!!
\n\nThey've never pressured me to make repairs when I take my car in for an oil change or other minor services.
The other day I was telling my Yelp friend Mike O.
There are a million beers on tap, as you'd expect, so you can grab pretty much anything you'd want, and obviously they've got all the liquors down pat, too.
Service was good, glassed stayed full and bill came at the correct time.
And Java is doing it as you expect it.
The usual approach for picking off digits is to use to get the value of the lowest digit then to remove the lowest digit.
Usually to dry or dense or flavorless.
Carmon's is a restaurant reminiscent of a small specialty restaurant in Europe.
Choose 'Hide' radio button and the default for your report will 'collapse' the values to be an aggregate instead of the expanded details of each column.
The request which leads to this method being called need to pass through the Spring Security filter chain, otherwise there will be no security context available when the permissions are checked.
I should also mention we split a cookie and it was fantastic as well!
The Board Schema (contains a list of all forum sections if that wasn't apparent) Is a Schema that makes a reference to the Threads Schema so it can get the threads for each Board.
They were very patient while I perused their extensive menu.
(I think)\n\nOh...and they have a pumpkin patch and hayrides.
\n\nCONS: Crab rangoon was overfried- wouldn't recommend this appetizer.
But the OS utility successfully waits for Au_.exe and only after it terminates refreshes the list of installed programs.
What you're describing sounds like a backtracking approach.
limited parking, but park down the street.
This more then any other dish made me immediately realize I had wasted the last 6 months on burritos and sandwiches.
They offer a wide range of pasta dishes, hoagies, and pizza.
We get a little bit of everything off the appetizer menu that feeds a family of four perfectly.
I am done just copy paste the code from zend studio editor inside the syntaxhighlighter tag I've searched over many forums and druapl site itself, but nothing works for me.
If you took time to read the FineManual for , you would have found out by yourself: if_exists : {‘fail’, ‘replace’, ‘append’}, default ‘fail’ For the record, it took me exactly 23s to find this once I had confirmation you were talking about Pandas.
I asked for medium and actually got medium.
is it possible to use inheritance in uiautomator?
There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.
It is not getting in .ctors sections (this may be linker script problem?!) And even if it gets in .ctors section, how do I call these constructors When I use static c++ library how should I call them?
Like plants, trees and shrubs, shopping can be fickle experience depending on a number of factors.\n\nI've decided it's a-ok to make multiple trips.
What a cornucopia (nods to Candice G.) of beautifully tasty french creole goodness all nestled magically in compartmentalized order without any compartments in the take-out box.
Here is the JSON code: The #hiddenposttitle is the following: So this sends to the overviewcheck page, which then has a template that has the follow: Someone mentioned something about wordpress destroying sessions from calling session_start() but that's not the issue because I fixed that awhile ago, and have other sessions being made that work.
asp.net not deploying non-referenced assemblies I have a asp.net mvc project that is part of a azure cloud project.
Extensions have much lower memory limits than normal apps.
Need some TLC and would be bump into the 5 star.
\nWhen my son was receiving treatments for spine/ brain cancer, at UW Hospital, we did not have many choices at that time of where to stay during and between treatments.
you can append text into slide item with images For example, slider item template: See on fiddle
You can not beat this hotel for the money!
The fried buffalo shrimp are pretty good too (but they go too quick).
I recommend going here for breakfast and not for lunch.
Although this time I did not order a salad, I have in the past ordered the Brixx Salad and it is also quite excellent.
I like the noodle soups especially.
Here's the Image component in question: The issue: Our issue is that if you are scrolling rapidly, or have a less-than-optimal internet connection, some of the images that begin loading never have the "onLoad" called, presumably because they are no longer visible (because we scrolled beyond them in the list already).
Problems with svd in java I have gone through jama and colt(I code in java) .
A common approach that works well is to use a work queue like Resque .
views.py forms.py Any pointers would be of great help!
She was quite pleased with it.
I am using VS 2013, and WiX 3.10.2.
Tuesday night eight of us met at Soba for what turned out to be a truly lovely evening.
If you didn't have to do this then you wouldn't have an object graph in the first place.
Try re-writing your query to: Though I'm not sure which form field populates the two columns and .
Alternative code ( using posedge event to drive data in test bench )
If you like Trader Joe's check out Home Economist, and don't let the sketchy strip mall location put you off, the low rent helps keep the overhead down.
Disclaimer: I've only used union cab when I've made a telephone booking 24 hours in advance.\n\nI've been in a union cab for about 4 round trips in the last year.
If it is not, one technique i like to do to normalize file names in that case is to simply hash them with something like sha1 or even md5.
I am able to launch the receiver without user action by calling the MediaRouter.Callback directly like so: Where is the instance and is the instance holding the pre-selected receiver route.
They also brought sweet tea, unsweet tea, and bottled water.
This is Line 519 of (BUILD Version: 0091) Why do we need a pointer to an struct with a single int member with a weird name called ?
At least I get identical results if I pull the lines outside the function and run : My questions are: What is the purpose of the ending within ?
The second place I've tried on campus, this location was way faster and hygienic than the other one.
Much to our own demise (wayyy too much to eat), we ordered a meat flat bread (thinking it would be small), a Gyro Doner (larger than normal), and a Lamb Burger.\n\nThe Lamb Burger, hands down, is one of the best burgers I've actually had in Pittsburgh.
There is a bug on the Eclipse Bugzilla since 2005 that seems to address exactly my issue.
We popped into CoffeeWorks on a dreary, overcast day and were greeted by a friendly woman behind the counter.
They are very willing to let you sniff different kinds of perfumes; they patiently wait for you to make a decision; and they are perfectly pleasant even if your final decision is to not buy anything; they will still give you free samples if they have some.\n\nThe sales clerk in the dresses section is also helpful.
He will tell you up front EXACTLY what will happen with your case.
Old Navy is one of those places that I totally forgot existed until my sister became employed there.
if it will, how do I modify that code and tie it into my image handler with this code:
I will stop here before going home every time.
Tony was very patient and worked with us to get a great deal.
They will cook your food one of several ways.
I keep coming back to them because I trust them.
Argula salad, shodt rib sandwich and wild mishroom/truffle risotto.
Li'l Porgy's may slightly have an edge if you like sweet sauce, but I am a fan of HR.
Actually, the owner was fairly nice to me and smiled, probably because he figured I wasn't a student.
It usually does not matter for the algorithm you are currently describing.
Nikki came along and was extremely knowledgeable with my textured type of hair; she had an amazing attitude not only to satisfy the customer but also towards the not so experienced stylist, they are lucky to have her as a mentor.
Of course, I will keep going because there's not another closer.
I actually debated giving it 3, but ordering from the menu will result in a great experience, so I will go with a 4.
I use the LogonUser Win32 API.
The service is just fine and attentive, I've not experienced any customer service issues here.
The gal who has done my spa pedicure twice now was very sweet and spent a lot of time on the foot/calf massage portion of the pedi.
Positional parameters are numbered 1 to N and hold the value of each argument.
\nFound a menu online to have a look at prices, very reasonable, actually I was surprised at how cheap they were.
The people there are very nice & helpful also!
Calling a method individually by class selector In my blog I'm using Pico CMS, in the index.twig page I wrote this code that generates HTML with page title, description, and URL: My idea was to make each title in a different color, I used randomColor , and wrote this JavaScript: But this makes all the page-titles in the page to be of same color, I would like each of them in a different color.
...Although I'd probably recommend going on cooler day.
Whenever I'm in town, I require a trip here!
Just answer your question in title, yes you can have AMP and NON-AMP pages.
The upstairs has a cool balcony to hang out on in the summer.
A great spot with beautiful lighting to draw in the general public, I am sure many are deterred by the trip downtown because of the \""parking\"" situation.
I am wondering what direction I should look into for this.
The bacon and was quite a bit better.\n\nThe Not So Good: Dinner was decent but still left a bit to be desired as far as seasoning and interesting flavors to their dishes.
Then I tried to add a button AFTER the for loop without using handler.
we had a lot of food.
Most languages would return a list or array of either lists, tuples or dictionaries depending on what you use.
It has the same brightly lit displays and wide open layout.
To do this, you can override these class attributes: delimiter – This is the literal string describing a placeholder introducing delimiter.
It's veggie diner food at it's best (at least in my opinion).
Just thorough delivery of solid pizza.
Anything with nutella is so good.
Instead of specifying a specific solution you are keeping it open to the actual implementation which algorithm is to be used for that.
Staff was welcoming and the bartender helped us find beers our guests would like.
I would like to take the time to respond to the reviews of Megan V.
I'm not sure what kind of answer you're looking for here.
AS3 - hitTestObject with dynamic MovieClips added through For Loops I've been attempting to set up a hitTestObject function in a project I've been working on recently and have encountered some difficulty.
The items already loaded should stay on the feed and NOT reload with any new content.
They really, really took care of us and I am thankful for that!\n\nWhy no fifth star?
My best friend/roommate and I absolutely love this place.
If the table data is added by JS then you might want to add an on() handler like: This makes the event trigger for dynamically created elements.
The crust is cracker crispy, just burnt enough on the edges to give it the right smokiness.
We planned our departure time so that we could get here at lunch (it was a mere 7 hour drive!) \nWe both ordered the Bacon Cheese all beef dog (hot dog with bacon and melted cheddar on top) plus a corn dog, dusted wings and two root beers.
If I only use Eclipse Color Theme plugin, without choosing the DARK JUNO theme, only the compiler (center "code area") receives the right look.
JAVA JSON Restfull WebService No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource I have a JAVA RESTful webservice which will return JSON string and it was written in Java.
I can only find examples / documentation on using multiple forms with the same PHP post script.
And then I returned to State College, crepeless and sad.
Here is my suggestion that works every time for those that stay in the same hotel for weeks at a time.
The prices are very reasonable with good drink specials.
The rooms were clean and big, but what really sold me was the customer service.
For the named limitations of green threads, all modern JVM implementations, including HotSpot, choose the later implementation.
Semi secret and not too bad.
Can anyone offer any advice, best practice, design patterns or resources to assist with this kind of problem.
You asked about Java, but in case you meant something more basic I will try to answer more generally.
There are four kinds of Class relationships Association: uses a Ex:a Class Man uses a Class Pen Aggregation: has a Ex:a Class Man has a Class Car ( Car is still there when Man die ) Composition: owns a Ex:a Class Man owns a Class Heart ( When Man die, Heart die ) Inheritance: is a Ex:a Class Man is a Class Human ( Man is a Human ) A relationship between classes of objects Inheritance>Composition>Aggregation>Association
I saw an application can cache everything when killed application.
\n\nThey have lunch specials for $4.
I've had messed up orders at the one in Johnson Creek, but never here.\n\nThe bakery of course, is the main draw.
So can could remove the rule if it exists.
When I click on buton, the Print dialog is popped out.
My wife and I had our wedding reception here last month and we can't sing their praises enough!
By doing this you need to add a key in your parent application's app.config, or output some error or warning if it's not specified perhaps.
here's what i've done: Actually, i did this : but it didn't work.
I don't come here to eat much, I usually come for the beer cave.
The rice was done perfectly and the sauces complimented the rolls nicely.
If you decide to go with Hadoop or related solution stack, there are possible ways to load data from MySQL to Hadoop using Sqoop or other customized data load applications leveraging Hadoop Distributed File System API.
Either would have been acceptable, although I went with brad's database-only solution as explained in my comment on his answer.
I assume that you're using the maven-bundle-plugin to build the bundle.
I figure I'd add to this review too, my sister (michelle r.
Inside this all the folders are named in format W3SVC siteID , for example - W3SVC1.
Being near my office, we frequent this place for lunch.
Our waiter was very attentive and made us laugh a few times.
I wrote echo server code like below I think it is not necessary to note Person.proto.
If you choose to take beer home with you they also have a discount of $1.00 per bottle of every beer you take with you(excluding the pre-made six packs).
So if you're a sports bar type of person, this is definitely a must-check-out for you.
Even if I explicitly use new-style classes with this code I get Pylint warning because of the different syntax to call the parent constructor in Python 3: Missing argument to super() (missing-super-argument) So, how can I tell Pylint that I want to check Python 3 code to avoid these messages (without disabling the Pylint check)?
Very quaint and reminiscent of an abode in the French quarter.
Click on Advanced settings, set Enable 32-bit Applications to true.everything should work.
Timelion uses pre-defined time intervals for its time plots.
Firstly, using Task Manager to determine memory usage is fraught with peril.
You'll need to subclass and override .
The reset button is, at minimum, one extra button click on top of that.
Very inexpensive but quality Chinese food.
Behind the coffee, in a glass-walled room, is the roaster, this enormous machine that lets them roast the beans fresh, all the time, in the store.\n\nBehind the counter is an older guy named John Prestogeorge.
The cake was realllllly delicious.Moist with a crispy kinda crust outside,just perfect.
Wallerbears reminds me of the surf shops back home in Florida....just without the beach nearby.
Like a mom and pop Italian place you'd expect to find somewhere in Jersey.
I know you have a pair (a set?).
Plenty of spice staples are available, and you can even get a nice selection of nopales (cactus), if you're so inclined.\n\nGreat place, one I'll be visiting quite often.
At the back of the store you can find (seasonally) a drinking chocolate bar that makes the cold Pittsburgh winters infinitely more bearable.
it's a one to many, one widget has many prices.) Is there a more sensible approach?
We went for my wife's 30th birthday with a large group of people and it was a great experience.
you have to pay with cash.
jQuery version conflicts - how to manage?
see this article for a complete guide.
\n\nThe ambiance was nice, the buzz was slightly nosier than I would have liked but it was also not so much so to be considered bothersome.
(This is an undocumented (AFAIK), but publicly known, option for the FORMAT function.) See HELP FORMAT to determine what your current display format is, and more importantly, how to restore it, once you're done looking at the memory locations.
Yes, of course you can do.
Give a try, should fit your needs.
The rationale behind this is that unbounded metrics (such as number of issues, complexity) cannot be reliably mapped to a limited color range.
I love to eat here and pick up specialty grocery items too.
Without going into too much details, I have three files - file1.h, file2.cpp, and main.cpp file1.h contains the interface for a class file2.cpp includes file1.h and contains the class's member functions main.cpp includes file1.h So upon executing my program, I was very surprised that main.cpp had access to the functions inside file2.cpp, despite main only including file1.h.
I have never had anything bad here.
Excel evaluates both parts of an expression independent if the first part is true.
Another thing to keep in mind is that the restaurant is Cash Only.\n\nIf anyone is looking for a sub shop with character and delicious hoagies I would highly recommend it.
That way they are moist and practically melt in your mouth.
Quickness of service always depends on the server.
Yay, let's continue to oppress women's sexuality!
I have tidied up your query a little (although this won't make a massive amount of difference to performance, and there may be typos as I don't have VS to hand).
Android webview pageStarted not detected, facebook unable to cancel share I am sharing a link using my webview.
For example, could I use the following syntax?
\n\nAdditionally, the owner and chef both came to our table to talk to us.
How can I implement this requirement?
Could not connect to Postgresql on Mac OS X after Installation So I installed Postgresql onto my Mac and whenever I run anything like or I get the following error.
Average chain restaurant with the average variety, but still good teriyaki salmon and mac and cheese.
\nWe had a plan to do a loop and visit the famous Thai garden (awesome) and our idea paid off greatly.
and upstars they have a DJ or band and it can get a lil crazy...
Convert Excel .xls to .csv, .xml or JSON in Javascript Using , specifically (GAS), I need to convert an file to ; but I would settle for or .
The library is referenced in Gradle and Maven: Gradle: Maven: When I try compile the project using or it success.
Soup was a corn based egg drop soup, which was different, but good.
When I get a single object it's a big of a problem, but when I use this serializer with thus receiving multiple objects get called for each, which is very expensive.
Which i find kind of strange because I took the sales order number from the list so it should be there.
If your goal is to return if the property doesn't exist , you can do that like this: That will check if the property exists on the object itself or its prototype, which I suspect is what you want.
This is by far one of the best Marriotts that I have ever stayed in based on comfort, entertainment, location, and amenities.
The place itself has a lot of character and looks like it's seen a lot of years there.
Atmosphere is Old School nostalgic and cool for sure.
Test for the bug Alternately if you know your PHP version (hint: ) you can check the changelog for the bug number (69874) to see whether the fix has been applied for your version.
If you've ever been to any of the thousands of Taco Bells around this great country, then you know the tasty, affordable dining experience you are sure to have each and every time you go to a Taco Bell, and this one is no different.
It said I returned at 8:47 even though my cell phone showed 8:41am.
We heard about this and decided to check it out on our way out of town.
The was the first restaurant I went to when I moved to Charlotte and continues to be a place to go for dinner or dessert after dinner somewhere else.
The quaint, semi-hidden spot right off of Walnut Street accompanied by its warm and inviting atmosphere make it an excellent people pleaser.
The best thing about the meal was the service.
I've tried the method but the results where just horrible.
The place is pretty bare bones 'burgh style.
A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple.
they have a lot of great products!
The fella and I made reservations for a Saturday at 6:45 and stopped by an hour early to have a pre-dinner drink at the bar.\n\nWe walked in and were promptly greeted by the hostess and manager.
There is no immediate way to do this.
My boyfriend and I both ordered the fish and chips which were fresh and delicious with a crisp and delicious crust.
I've had a negative encounter with the manager / owner before...it was years ago so hopefully her customer service skills have grown since then.Other than that, the food has never been bad, and normally the servers are chill and nice.
So I am at a loss as to why it cannot be used in the mail's "to" line.
You'll be happy you chose to rely on an online review and a referral to book an appointment with this Dr.!
I've never gotten anything over the $30 range, so I'm not really sure how the detailing is.
I was hesitant, as I wanted something hearty and filling, and let me tell you this!...
and It is make NSDictionary with array.
So frigging good...just let the cheese melt.....
\n\nOverall, come here for some of the best breakfast comfort food that Pittsburgh has to offer.
Into If your field or table name contains just alphanumeric characters (ie A-Z and 0-9) and the underscore character, then you can use it without square brackets ( and ).
If what you are trying to do is compare two databases to see what data is different between them, then I'd recommend something like Red-Gate's Data Compare (no I do not work for them).
Pure kernel threads have their own stacks somewhere in kernel memory.
We sat in the \""Mural Room\"" trying to interpret the mural with Doug.
This usually is served with Tarragon-Balsamic Mayonnaise, which I asked them to leave off.
i need when i click that link the i needt to change display attribute from to how can i do this?
A varied selection of chocolates from around the world fills this store....
Could you describe the effect you're trying to achieve in words?
As the saying goes, when one Thai food door closes, another Thai food door opens...\n\nIt was Sunday afternoon.
You need to check for memory allocations with following in your app - Using check and Using Static memory analyser check static memory leaks.
I wish to find out this information and use to bind a process to hyper-threaded thread or non-hyper-threaded thread to profile its performance.
But please correct me if I'm wrong.
I also love their premade hamburgers.
However after 5 minutes a party of 7 failed to show up and we were given their table.
Use your head, everyone will head out at halftime to do these things.
Maybe the answers to this may help you:
It is nothing crazy, no fancy name but truthfully one of the best piece of classic apple you can find around here.
\n\nParking in the area is plentiful & pretty reasonable on game days.
They were freaky, weird, dry and wholly unappetizing.
How often is this a requirement across organizations?
After a couple hit and miss visits with the various pasta trio tastings I had, I'd say I was back in Lidia's good graces with their massive brunch spread.\n\nI will give you ample warning, DO NOT EAT A SINGLE THING BEFORE YOU COME HERE FOR BRUNCH.
The pork is so moist that not much sauce is needed, though I love to get the hands messy with a proper dousing of the vinegar based sauce.
The for loop works as : The loop initialisation statement is executed only once at the beginning of the loop.
Whenever we need a place in walking distance I always pick them over all the other high priced or mediocre Shadyside restaurant/bars.
I've tried a variety of things, none of which worked.
The render method on the collection calls delegateEvents() method.
My thoughts:\n\nBrunch Buffet- I love the Sunday brunch buffet more than life.
When I try to compile the project using "Run" It compile everything and I don't get this error.
In the above data , I would like to extract the names that exist in both 1.0 and 2.0 ( that will be and ) How can I do this using awk or sed or any other?
I want to keep my main in revision control, because I have a fair amount of customization it in, but I want to have different author names depending on which machine I'm using (work, home, &amp;c.).
The result of the convolution is bigger then the input image due to the "Filter Transient".
The HTML files will render the same when served from your local machine as they will on the web.
I only stopped in to get a night cap (dessert), so I may not be the best to write a review.
I need to setup a 2nd server that will be hardware load-balanced and will mirror the setup on the 1st server.
it works with other services of the same application (which not require authentification) but when it comes to authentification I'm getting the response code 302 here is my code
Per @datenwolf's answer, you simply can't send more than 64k in a single UDP datagram, as that limit is implicit in the two-byte length field in the protocol.
use this code: Then just call this when you want to start the input: Now you have a thread that reads inputs while the main thread is free to print to screen EDIT: be sure to only call the thread once!
Don't get me wrong, the food has always been good, but not fantastic and a little over priced.
The rate at which the capacity of a vector grows is implementation dependent.
Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong?
BTW, you could also compile your whole library with and use as usual; to really find it your user would need to pass the same preprocessor definition to the compiler, and you can make the name random and improbable enough to make the collision improbable.
The inside decor was fitting, not overdone but comfortable and spot on.
I would absolutely recommend this place, but would suggest pacing yourself.
Opening another window in an Appcelerator Titanium-app doesn't work I've got basically 5 windows in my iPad-application (created with Appcelerator Titanium) and want to be able to navigate forth and back (a back and and a next-button for that purpose).
Your compile SDK version must match the support library's major version.
When model state is valid then jquery ajax shows perfect result.
The gemstones are very reasonable and handpicked at different shows.
\nStop by, buy a book, support a local bookstore!
Although the service is not all that.
When we sat outside on the quad, we upwrapped a tightly rolled gyro.
My first trip to the east end food co op was sort of a disappointment, I guess I heard so much about it that I sort of made it bigger (in my mind) than it was.\n\nFirst, it's not bad, for what it is.
I assume that thetas already derived from regression (20, 50 and 100).
Then you and any other people with you go into an observation room where you can watch through the glass wall.
Any help would be greatly appreciated, thank you :)
I was calling QDialog::destroy() to close the window instead of QDialog::close().
Is there a way to do this or do I HAVE to use their web api?
It seemed like they put everthing imaginable on it \""plus an egg\"".
However when I try to run it I keep getting a error and I have no idea what this actually means or how to correct it.
\n\nTry it out and ask for Mindy or Jess you won't be disappointed!
However when the code is run, on the ai's first turn.
So far, I can call the php file, and in the success of the jquery ajax call I get an alert of the text.
ORA-06550 Error in PL/SQL Well I am trying to run this script in PL/SQL.
My pizza preferences are mid-western and Buffalo style - not too thin, not too thick, nice and greasy, and baked in a deck oven.
\n\nI feel like the prices are fine, although I don't have much to compare them to.
I am using the same copy of XCode that generated the app store binary and the ipa is archived and I am able to symbolicate crashes that come from iTunes connect.
But the second one gives me: Any ideas?
Is this a known bug or what?
You can use 2 comprehensions to naturally loop over the data structures.
It sucked because it rained at the beginning but it stopped before Tim McGraw and Kenny Chesney started to preform.
You'll have to use server-side image manipulation libraries like gdlib ( which is usually activated by default in php, or imagemagick (
I dont see why the following code is not working.
How to determine if an object is at rest?
My paraphrase of Meyers' item 47 (which is 4 pages long) is as follows.
I would argue that you're over engineering and aren't actually gaining anything.
\n\nDecor is subtle and great for a date.
They use Bumble and bumble products, but are not super pushy about it.
Neither X11 nor any UI libraries for it are installed by default -- they must be installed by the user -- and applications which use X11 have a significantly different interface from native applications.
If that's the case, you can go sit in the sauna until some people leave.
I was recommended here by a friend as a place to cross off the Pittsburgh \""bucket list\"".
We came here with a LivingSocial deal in hand, so I expected a type of service which happens in some restaurants when you inform them of that when you order.
It creates a list of paragraphs but does not understand what the variables and are.
The wooden beams are Covered with fliers of Spaten German beer which gives a feeling of Germany party feeling.\n\nSo let's get to the food.
Most rooms have a mini fridge with a microwave and you can always request it.
It looses 1 star for not posting their hours anywhere online and even when you call there is no answering machine.
For simple router (or whatever we're calling it this week), or any of the other like Tiny, or the plethora of others, please clarify where history should come from (history lib router, your lib...) and why as well as how to handle params and such.
I've run into this issue a couple of times and this has worked so far.
I want to execute a specified set of commands, and then do some calculations using the combined returned data values, once all of commands are completed.
You can specify multiple galleris by using different 'rel' values.
We felt cared for and comfortable, and our bellies were full.
This is weird: You probably meant: I can't tell for sure what is happening because a lot of your code depends on some other code but you are assigning the result of a (supposedly) function call to the name of this function.
It fits in well with the decorated interior that's covered in arches an paintings (some on animal skins).
You should entirely avoid this problem by using a canonical link tag.
I made all the constructors as private,it didn't give any error because my implicit default constructor was public But when i declared my implicit default constructor as private then its showing an error while extending the class.
Note that RDTSC (originally, by definition, but not any more now) does not measure time , it measures cycles .
The results are being averaged and individual scores are being ranked as above (good) or below (bad) average.
However, in the 4th line of code, I don't understand what's the roll of name, id and value in this whole operation?
To make another request without refreshing the page you are going to have to look into ajax.
C++ memory alignment So I read that when variables are declared in c++ if you want to get the optimum cache reads the memory should stick to its natural alignment.
Not only do you have a ton of options here, but they're very well curated options.
Marashi was supposed to call and check on me that night, and he didn't.
How do I extract Rails view helpers into a gem?
The whole staff is great, friendly even, but Sarah is the shit.\n\nNot all Starbucks are created equal, but this location works just fine for me.
They devided with and assigned the value to , then made sure is not nothing: In other words: he did everything.
As a blonde, my color can be tricky to get exactly right.
Anyone who knows me knows that I love the outside.
One important thing: you should write unobtrusive JavaScript , as it is considered best practice.
My site is not full screen width, but I would still like to use the parallax effect within the content of my site.
In either case, you can make a script to extract the package names from the output of , and use those packages with (or even ) to manipulate as needed.
\n\nTwo types of complimentary cornbread (sweet and additionally peach & bourbon served with sweet kudzu butter) - yum!
The portion size is also Italian as well, no over flowing plates here, but that is how I wish more restaurants would do.
They typically either have something fried or grilled along with a small salad, rice and some other tiny sides, which can be found in the fridge in the back of the store.\n\nIf you want to make any type of Japanese food this store would have anything that you would need though a little pricey.
Somehow my review got moved to the Yelp event page.
I ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it....
Take a look at the eventviewer.
This is approximately how I would transform your Python code into pseudo-code.
If you catch the request at event, you can redirect it before it is even sent.
All was going well until I tried to set the value of a hidden input.
Here's the full code that I tried originally: I simplified it so that I was running everything inside the main queue, but even then it didn't work.
The store is a little small/cramped, but that's a given considering their proximity to campus.
Sorry for the grammar, i'am not english, thanks to you who will correct me, good job.
Essentially, the ASP.NET membership providers usually work by setting a client side cookie (also known as an Authentication Ticket) in the client's browser, once the client has successfully authenticated themselves.
Can i specify a schema to build an XDocument while loading a xml file?
It has a layout similar to the Mattress Factory, but smaller (only two floors...
it got crowded fast on \""family\"" nights.
They say that consistency is the hallmark of excellence.
As Kip says in Napolean Dynamite, "I love technology." Stack Trace in Details window: After messing around with the error above for a bit, I tried unchecking this option, and it launched my default browser (which appears to be IE 9).
Always worth a visit a few times a month.
Unfortunately the borders are displayed along with a few random lines in the same color that should not be there.
It produced the video, but didn't play This is my JavaFX code.
Just came back from their Sunday Brunch.
that's a lot!) and got to see that they actually change out the buffet items quite a bit.
It was in really bad shape when I sent it and I can't believe how good it looks now.
It's called O3D: Article about the overall initiative:
Pretty standard big airport layout, the usual food and stores.
That must be a huge rush to get in front of that many people and perform.
selenium run only few methods I know by creating test suite I can run all my class files, using code like But what if I dont want to run all the methods in a class file?
My buddies and I work out there once or twice a week during our lunch hour and I've got nothing but great things to say about the place.
We grabbed some stools but found ourselves giving up our seats to some lovely ladies who were waiting to be seated for the fish fry.
\nThe place was clean and the staff was friendly.
Jennifer Larson, the general manager to Lake Windsor Golf and Country Club.
Why are string in .net case sensitive by default?
So, what I would do is in whatever class you're initializing the network action, I would follow this paradigm: Your application shouldn't be able to determine when a connection was lost, just how to react when you attempt a network action and no connection is found.
What you'll need to do is rename the function etc instead.
The taste speaks for itself, no frills necessary.
And the prices: we fed everybody in under $40, with plenty of leftovers taken home.
Highlights/lowlights\n\n1) friendly staff\n2) fun thing to do on a nice summer night\n3) gluten free food options available\n\nI think it's really important to head in to your first (or any) mallards game with the right mind set.
Where does PHP save temporary files during uploading?
5) While running SHUT DOWN state, it get terminated automatically showing FAILES status for SHUT DOWN.
The divs are generated HTML and I don't really have much control over those, so probably need to do something with Javascript on the client side.
\n1) Pork Dumplings - good...not really unique or anything; pretty standard for dim sum \n2) Sesame rolls - AWESOME!!!
Peanutz is a perfectly good neighborhood bar on East Ohio Street.
This is my attempt: The last line, however, raises: Any ideas on how to achieve this?
Our experience started with beers (of course) before dinner while we waited for our table.
So why can't I enter a date in the European [correct-and-logical-day-before-month] format?
I know 'HIGH its a data attribute, that return the upper array index, but the vector out side the parentheses i dont get it.
However, if the functions both mutate a state and report some result of doing so, so that you could give them the type , then gluing them all together is a bit of a nuisance.
It was too sour and kinda tasteless.
Based on the programming logic the respective JSP page that needs to be included get added.
\n\nHighly recommend to anyone looking for some good Pho.
We are then greeted by a friendly gal (JJ) who takes us to the back dining room which is a bit crowded and she senses our hesitation and takes us to the other side of the bar which only has a few patrons.
Or you could just use instead, which also makes it easier to avoid the potential buffer overflow problem.
Don't know if this technique transfers from C/C++ to C#, but I've done this with macros: #define CHECK_NULL(x) { (x) != NULL || \ fprintf(stderr, "The value of %s in %s, line %d is null.\n", \ #x, __FILENAME__, __LINE__); }
It's quite rare case when suits your needs.
We were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eyes, but the waiter was able to quickly move us to a better table.
The exception is thrown at the second line of function.
This will happen once you start writing something to it, not when the application is run.
They had a pasta with an all'Amatriciana sauce I had only seen before in Italy, and I also had their lasagne bolgnese and a fresh buffalo mozzarella appetizer.
but what happens if no one tips?
\n\nJust don't expect a romantic, quiet evening to yourself.
We had awesome box seats complete with some tasty snacks and beverages.
Very much old school in the vein of Mortons or Capital Grille.
I have never had a bad meal here.
We also ordered the Pollo Alla Griglia, a seasoned grilled chicken, served with mashed potatoes & the vegetable of the day, which I substituted for the grilled asparagus, delish!
These provide a certain amount of control (variable assignment for example), and close off other options, for example you can't write an infinite loop.
onProgressUpdated and/or onPostExecute) you should explicitly check that the activity or fragment is still in a state from which it can be referenced and used.
It defaults to true if Tomcat is on the classpath but you can set it to false (programmatically or with ).
The qpython project should contain the main.py which is used for the project first launch script.
I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears, walnuts and goat cheese.
I could eat the entire thing by myself.
Their iced tea is always perfect (whether you get sweet or not), and your glass is always full.
The layout is easy to get around- there's plenty of room to walk.
To allow a space in a path you can either enclose it in quotes or precede the space with a backslash.
And the service has that old-school quality.
Lunch buffet had probably the best naan I've tried in many years.
A+.\n\nIn a weird almost-an-apartment-complex area, so it can be rough to find.
ANgularJS use data from previous page Is there a way to use data from previous page?
Is there a way to have have TouchJSON return mutable objects?
You want the visibility attribute extension of GCC.
Just so everyone knows, I went with MySQL's IFNULL, i.e.
Back in the day Alterred States was just a teensy little store in a strip mall on Northport.
Good ol' fashioned diner food with friendly service.
The Club gets a bus for Thursday night's concert and you are fed a catered dinner prior to boarding.
Free ATM service nation wide, 1% interest on free money savings account and they give me .10 when I use my debit card.
The normal rate (over $200) is a little price, but the location is very central.\n\nValet = $18, self-park = $12
The advert inside may have another iframe itself and will "suck" click events through into it so cannot track them easily.
All pages that have this problem use ASP.NET Update Panels with varying versions of AJAX Toolkit.
Kids really enjoy all the activities.
Free wifi but not much range.
Check this link: Create New Eclipse Workspace - With All Your Old Settings or this stackoverflow <a href="
Low prices, massive portions, and better prepared, home made, flavorful food than they have any right to offer at the prices they charge.
The menus are already on the table and the service is very fast.
He was disappointed at the size for that price, actually.
The solution is to wrap Airborne and whatever else in a module: Then pass that:
And you can distinguish which group's switch was clicked by setting a tag that corresponds to that group position.
It came complete with a rock sugar candy stick to use as a stirry thing.\n\nI could barely drive home because I was so full.
I just drink Guinness when I'm here.
If so, how do I persist my values in the MYSQL database that JHipster created for me?
\n\nWe noticed that the dessert portions were enormous so we asked if we could be served just half of a tiramisu.
All of the sudden last week, a single javascript file will no longer open in the compare editor.
So for instance with the example you provided we could make deck and hand objects.
ESB will print the message correctly with brackets.
You should be uploading the file to the browser and let it decide (using , for instance).
The batter was very smooth and thin.
you must not perform the substitutions yourself in a SQL query as this makes your code vulnerable to SQL injections .
It was NOT a good look for an Asian girl to have.
The resulting data type of must be large enough to fit the longest possible concatenation of s.
I expect getServerAddress to return the address of the Mongo server (one of replica set nodes), which actually handles the query.
They aren't all gushy over my animals, but they do a good job of making them comfortable.
It was enough to knock off one star, but not enough to keep me from going back.
If you don't know C or if the code looks too daunting for you, there is no way to change the list directly .
John Resig (jQuery) has a say in that matter.
This is what I did in Web API project in the Package Manager Console Enable-Migrations Add-Migration InitialCreate Update-Database It always create a new database called AuthContext instead of adding the necessary tables in TestDB.
The assembly is still marked for delay sign (as shown by ).
The strawberry blonde was very refreshing.
Lots of them are generated automatically by game engine, though you should understand what they mean and do.
All the kids there were polite and not annoying if that is something that bothers you.\n\nI am a creature of being able to see history.
Is there someone who can put me on the right way?
Is there any way to enforce a specific mode (ex: landscape, portrait), to make sure the app will only view that way, and will not rotate or flip?
It appears that they give you huge portions for your entr\u00e9e which is nice.
\n\nI really enjoy coming here in the winter & getting some of their yummy soups (which change daily) & the delicious roasted sirloin sandwich.
For example I have copied this error from Darcy Wripper.
\n\nThey try to source what they can from local farms and they make a menu to reflect what is fresh for the season.\n\nI love having a 2-hour dinner without feeling rushed; it makes me feel high class.
Post in the forum a variety of different things including links to external sites, and images on external sites.
This is not cross site scripting, it's simply a cross site HTTP request.
the food is good, the bartender is great, and it attracts a crowd of nice people!
I can't believe they delivered to us all the way from downtown in such short time.
Or provide some direction to a soloution/workaround?
The Bavarian soft pretzels were warm and soft when we ordered them.
We ordered an array of small plates to sample various different things.
Imperative programming A programming language that requires programming discipline such as C/C++, Java, COBOL, FORTRAN, Perl and JavaScript.
this place is right down the street from my house and we go there frequently, but I think Blues is great.
How to end if statement in php The question is pretty much self-explanatory, I am having trouble how to end if statement in php.
Very friendly service and a nice selection at this restaurant supply store.
The brunch is a great way to try a lot of items in one sitting.
As the rows are added within the storyboard, I didn't set any datasource for in my .
Crisp clean flavors with complex combinations of textures.\n\nSpecial occasions or hungry on a week night...
That seems like it would be incredibly hard to maintain.
You must add to your Xcode project and include a in your header file.
When we use recaptcha gem, the flash array contain recaptcha_error element, so you just only delete this element with : flash.delete(:recaptcha_error) inside your controller.
Unfortunately, I'm afraid I don't understand all of it.
Made me want a do over, but I didn't want to go through that crazy crowd again.
Its really fancy here and looks way better than the philadelphia airport where i am traveling too!!
After finding out that \""American 10\"" = \""Indian 5\"", I was steered toward the \""Indian 7\"" which really was perfect for me.
By the time a new iteration starts, since you've declared your variable inside the block, it's either a new variable on each iteration or it's treated as though it were (you can look at it either way, probably; the bytecode probably reflects the latter but I think theory reflects the former).
put a comboBox on your form.
I have faced certain issue when UI doesn't responds well one of issue was realetd with Jtable data and updating it in non swing thread.
Finally to make this all work in your with a task for browse-sync.
Nice space between tables, a variety of seating options, lovely.
It is a great, mellow place to hang out for hours.
You don't want the 'string' to be case insensitive, but much rather your comparison to realize, that HKCU is the same as Hkcu or hKcU.
I didn't hear a peep from any of my neighbors in the two different rooms I stayed in.
The console.log tells me "loggedIn : true" as expected, however it does NOT load the static content from the /private directory.
One caveat is that you must be using a replication controller or replication set to do so.
it had something to do with some browsers adding a tbody tag for you and other browsers not liking a tr tag that doesn't have a table tag wrapped around it (ie).
I went here for Bluegrass night following Banjo Night at the nearby Elks Club.
A staff member at my hotel recommended this place.
@Greg Hewgill: I've already tried that and I get the error:
It will get him all fired up and a good laugh for you and me!
for my entree i got the red curry tofu and the flavors were amazing.
Seasonal items like pumpkin gob is enjoyable as well.
The difference was actually written in the help page, but in a weird English; fixed that too .
She was friendly and always nearby her customers.
And do you have a preference for the two (or more!) Thank you so much for your help.
Want to spend your money at a family owned restaurant?\nGo to Mert's Heart and Soul.
It's a fun place in a cool part of PGH.
Issue about the return value of sengmsg for udp is there a partially-sent data when calling sendmsg for udp non block socket?
The meatball hoagie and weeding soup are seriously are amazing and authentic.
You're not going to leave the Pleasure Bar hungry, where he usually cleans his plate he asked for a to go box.
We sat in the second room.
When you go there, make sure you stop in here for some fantastic people watching and great beers.
it will auto generate region code.
It was short of greatness, however, because of the amount of cheese.
inside my xml When i try to run the dtd, it's always error that: The element "expression" has invalid child element 'number'.
When I drop my clothes off, I want to know that the people I leave them with are going to take care of what I brought.
This used to be my main airport when I lived in Charlotte.
How to insert string in edit control I'm going to add string at runtime in edit control,I've tried with different method and strategies but it won't inserted or if inserted but not displayed in edit control!!!
String Formatting I am currently trying to construct a program that prints Pascal's Triangles at different heights through calling a method to construct the triangle with an int parameter for height of the triangle.
[EDIT] Or alternatively as a nice Linq statement...
Win win.\n\nMy one complaint about this location is the parking lot.
We can be a kind of hodgepodge, soulless city, but you get a sense of who we are at the Panthers games.
Yesterday, I had baigan bharta, chana masala, palak paneer, pakora, chicken tandoor, onion naan and masala tea and all were very very good.
This two file are different in server.
C:\script>perl split_concatenate.pl large_file a or b (Input would be large file and value a or b to process it later).
Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!\n\nMy friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic.
That's not to say that the idea isn't any use, just that it's not useful enough for the developers to have added it.
Header content of file from server : - Following info I receive from server, from which I am using content-length which is giving compressed file size.
Have a few follow up questions but will wait for this one to resolve.
They were totally cool about it, and offered water, etc.
Array counting Error I am trying to count from the following associative array in two's key->value filter, by Key-gender and Key-rname, Please see below ...
Each column's value must be put into a different formula to produce the final data I want to display in the template layer, but each row will be processed with the same set of calculations.
The two relevant pieces of code that are conflicting with each other are: You are creating a brand new object and then checking if it is the same object as an object that already existed.
I found a workaround by using multiplot to plot the points after the curve, but it seems absurd to me that you have to use this workaround.
The name of the Steelers' quarterback (beloved perhaps even more in 2007 than he is today) is also Ben.
Since then, and including iOS 7.1, MapKit uses Apple's mapping service instead.
Stuck in Lodi for the day, I couldn't find a place for lunch, and I dared not to try \""The Pizza Pit\"" in town.
Instead use webpy to serve your pages and write your pages in a regular manner.
Bad customer service, Tracy.\n\nNOW, I'd like to tell you about the wonderful things at Holiday Inn City Center.
turn on ADB over network in Options for developers (maybe some ROM dont support it).
Are you sure that the second row repeats enough to put those records into an individual file?
There's a few different ways you can make your own version of csc.exe and then use that to build something.
Papa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.
You didn’t say which compiler you use, but the behaviour should be the same for all compilers (there aren’t really any non-2’s-complement machines anymore and with 2’s complement, that’s the only reasonable signed conversion definition I can think of).
You need a little P/invoke: Use like this: it returns the 'size on disk' that you read in properties file from explore.
The front desk obviously does not share the information that the main booking line has.
Note: each Event can have many members and each members can be in many event.
Also it would be good to check both cases - with default MinimumOSVersion and with set to 6.0 (for example).
However, what I've stumbled upon is that the svm.predict function is relatively slow.
If you want to modify a "leaf" object's property, you'll also have to provide new objects for every containing object up the tree (because each of them have a property that changes in the process).
I cannot compare what I had with what is served in Germany, but I will describe my experience.
All around a cool venue and a great time.
Not your average hamburger meatball...this is a work of art...perfectly seasoned, juicy and delicious.\n\nSalad....wow!
A true, authentic dive in the most accurate sense of the word.
i.e it wont allow to use same name of parent class instance method, to declare as private in the child class.
They had plenty of conveniently located bathrooms and there were attendants in every bathroom I went into making sure everything was tidy.
It's still a truck stop, mind you--the food is still greasy and hearty, but this location always seems a little bit cleaner and the servers a bit more on-the-ball.
I had been passing this place on my walks around the area.
It implements a pattern known as Event or Message Bus and imho really rocks ;) GL Chris
so why the four stars you ask?
I never feel pressured to get more work done than I can afford and they take the time to explain the repairs to me and answer my questions clearly and respectably.
you've guessed it!\n\nIf you under/overtstand the concept (Cosco's, Bj's) then welp.
You can use and then trim the zeros.
For my selections I chose a bloody mary, Smoked Salmon and Sea Scallop Fry.
The menu is posted on the window as you walk in, along the wall on the inside, and also on a chalk board inside.
One of these is that I didn't discover Sam's until late in the game.
the json object in question consist of ~1000 entries like this: In order to compare the data in the json to the database, I used different statements enclosed in different loops.
Well once a very long time ago, when I attended the U of I, my roommate and I were eating lunch here on a weekday and in walks Harrison Ford.
The documentation has a pretty decent guide on how to best access the filesystem.
My code that to set focus that worked is:
How to setup GitLab - Debian 8 I am executing the below command, however i get an error.
I always wonder if I am doing something wrong when I think I need a Singleton, even more so when I need to do something unusual with a Singleton, so I would not rule other other options.
\n\nVictory Lane has many offerings in the form of endurance races and seasonal leagues when open lapping is not challenging enough for you.
It's small and clean and cute.
The tortillas were perfectly fine and all of the trimmings were fresh and of good quality.\n\nI then ordered a beer, she asked if I wanted a large and I said yes.
Any advice, opinions or pointers towards relevant material would be massively appreciated.
Finding column names, and column names that might be elaborate functions and subqueries.
Huge basket with a great home made dipping sauce ( a remoulade) as well.
i apologize if i don't understand the question, but maybe what you're looking for is this: so here's the plugin sbt proguard looks like it will cut down the unnecessary classes, so that your project will not be "heavy"
Is it even possible to call SOAP from browser?
Or "34" if its between "10" and "112" you should try this: Anyway you should edit your question :D I think many people are happy to help you, but just cant understand your question at all 0.0 finally after I understood what you really want to do: For whoever reads this solution.
So What's the SQL sytnax for adding a name to the FK?
Redirect back with changeset i'm working with programming phoenix book examples more specific: when the form has errors instead of using i want to redirect back with changeset the following code works: but it doesn't contains the changeset which is important i think.Another thing is that instead of render users/new it renders users route.
It was pouring outside, so to was very nice to be out of the rain and be immediately greeted by the welcoming decor.
That would give n equally distributed points not including the endpoints.
public List&lt; RestaurantDetails> restaurant; return Array public RestaurantDetails restaurant; return Object Your API return Object.
Here's an easy way to do it, using the fact that on the lines in question, if your file follows the same format then the numbers will always appear in the same character of the line.
Back in Aug when I was out in Charlotte a co -worker took me to Alexander Michael's.
It will look something like this: July 2012 June 2012 March 2012 Obviously I would want the list created dynamically by referencing the time field in my blog table, but where to start?
and are probably explanatory enough, but values like , , , , , etc.
The bakery I guess is legendary.
The Britney Spears were marinated and skewered chicken that was served with some zesty chipolte sauce and rich pesto.
For starters I had a fresh spring roll and a fried egg roll.
It would make sense, otherwise a full screen textview would be very inefficient.
Cocoa launch application window I need to implement in Cocoa a initial windows with information and logo of the company such like this: My question for you guys is how can avoid showing the window bar: I'll really appreciate your help.
The wildcard * has to be interpreted by the SHELL.
Why not use the shorthand method .click?
My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich!
My first instict was to break out into a separate NSUInteger, then use that integer for the capacity of each of the arrays.
For example, if your site is structured built in a folder called public_html and your page your image is to be located on is index.html and you've placed an image called example.jpg in a folder called img within public_html, you could reference that image from index.html with the following: For security purposes, you can't reference local images, they need to be uploaded somewhere.
We wandered around for about 20 minutes on the poorly lit, desolate streets until we found the Fox and Hound Smokehouse.
If you want to get fancy, you can build in a query user role and account, grant only read access to it, and even limit that baked-in role user account to some percentage of the total system load with the Resource Governor stuff if necessary.
The waitresses, who wear hospital scrubs as their uniforms, were friendly, but they seemed rather tired while I was there.
Then he made me a cup of coffee with bean just out of the roaster, slightly cooled, he ground them in front of me, then put them in a french press and let it steep for 4 minutes.
This is a good Chinese place.
If you take a look at a runtime source, you can see the tag is moved to the , where it has not the expected influence.
You have to use the same string replacement as with AR find
This is done in the function drawControls which either uses strokeRect or fillRect depending on the settings to draw the controls.
Here's a simplified test case that exibits your problem: The simplest solution is to cut your variables before the first space, rather than after the space but before the dash:
I believe you are looking for which jumps to the next char on the first column.
Step 3: Search for "network" In your case you want examples related to network programming.
Edit: Based on more data, here are a couple more options.
Brad Wilson has a blog post describing how to do this.
I've had lunch there a few times and its very inexpensive.
Numbers 11 - 20 = $10.
Also, if the resource from the 3rd party is static, you should cache it as opposed to getting it over and over again.
My husband and I had a blast and will definitely be back.
I thought that I could use the Action/ChangeEvents to take the parameters and assign them to an ArrayList.
I grew up buying mainly candy, but occasionally milk, and eggs for my mother as one of the neighborhood kids/'weasels'.
I'm not from PA, I'm from VA.
Pancakes are very fluffy and waffles too!
you dont need to use a list and also it is considered an antipattern to do something like since you can just do all that said ...
Pass a data attribute from the selected element as a view param.
I have a apache config file, it does both standard HTTP server work as well as reverse proxy for pages within the network.
How do I stop the php file from echoing the stuff at the top of the page?
This did NOT produce the same error.
I got the rye toast, as always.
A close equivalent in IronPython would be The @ in C# specifies a verbatim string literal .
What would setting a getter do?
I loved the interior and its very relaxing after a long day.
Datatables sorting time column I'm using jQuery DataTables and I have a problem when I'm sorting my time column with this format .
It was a pretty small portion in my opinion for the money and the price.
And not just the organic stuff either.
As you can see in this test of the Play framework itself, you need to use .
And set up a watcher in case the of a language change.
I booked this hotel on Expedia at a great rate for one night while passing through.
OpenCV 2.4.9 - Traincascade problems I use OSX 10.11.
First of all, it check's if a dialog needs to be opened.
Why did they ever remove it from the menu is anyone's guess.
One way would be to: a) Copy your JSON to Clipboard (CTRL+C) b) On a Visual Studio class, click on EDIT-> Paste Special -> Paste JSON as classes.
Fun atmosphere - and apparently a big pole in the middle of the women's bathroom (see back of menu).
Use show and hide instead of replace.Here is a sample code.
Assuming you had a CSV read into pandas: You could make it even shorter: The Pandas IO docs have a great deal more information and options available, as does the method.
If we let go to infinity, each of the can be modeled as a point because is approaching .
A must go to if you have a bbq craving.
The border helps when setting the widths of the div's.
\n\nThe cats responded really well to Dr.
Using performSelectorInBackground to load UITableViewCell image in background, performance I have a method for loading images for UITableViewCell in the background.
Speaking only of their \""brunch\"" I would say OK for kids but the cuisine is not really geared towards a child.
I loved the bar area- has a mix of bar and casual couch/lovechair seating that's well suited for a date or small group.
The manager even came over to see how we were because he noticed the switch - he was so nice, and stopped over a second time just to talk once our meal was finished.
Not a bad place for layovers.
Ensure that it's constructed before the other static object.
I get exactly the same error as with the other procedure.
How can I bind these two to make the dialog draggable and resizable?
If you blink, you will miss this place.
I have been here a few times to just pick up dinner a long time ago and it has always been great.
Both of these are quited dated now, and aside from the principles of 3D geometry, they're not very useful for programming today's powerful pixel pushers.
When traveling on business, there's very little time in between meetings to get a descent bite to eat unless you're with clients.
Now where should I implement this logic and also load required dependencies.
The "timer" may accelerate and decelerate, and even be different on different CPUs, causing "time travel".
An enjoyable evening in the patio, and somewhere we will return!
The issue is that DeletionPolicy must be set to one of three strings.
My two co-workers and I were very happy with the food and the service.
It looked expensive and well taken care of.
And what heavy load is is totally, absolutely, ineludibly tied to what the application is supposed to do.
The veggies have always tasted fresh and it is served hot.
What is the right syntax of IF statement in MySQL?
You guys do a great job 100% of the time I have had the pleasure of working with you!
You can just fill the inline placeholder tokens to finish your document.
SO HARD to eat just one.
KendoUI Grid Signalr Error I am receiving the error "Maximum call stack size exceeded" while trying to bind Signalr data to the KendoUI grid (v2014.1 416).
Through a series of events, it became clear that they were dishonest and only interested in selling tires at all costs, so I opted to wait to visit Urbana Tire on Monday when they opened.
which means we'll have to take another trip very soon to take pictures & show off our goodies!
It's possible, but I don't really see why you should.
mustache populate JSON object error I have code below.
They have a great selection of restaurants there, and that movie theater.
SVG: Why element is not displaying in I'm attempting to put a element inside a inside an node in chrome but I am not seeing the text.
Now destructors shouldn't throw, so if the final processing of the trace event can throw an exception, then you may need to include an end-of-event overload of operator&lt;&lt; This solution causes several virtual function calls even when no tracing is done, so it is less efficient than "if(tracing) ...".
Every empty space left on the board is filled with the same symbol, forcing a win, making the game unplayable.
The chicken is nicely cut and the ground lamb and pea curry is rich and flavorful.
I too don't understand the low ratings for this place.
Prevent CSS media queries from breaking when doing masked domain forwarding I recently set up a domain I own - jeffreydill.com - to point to a personal site I have hosted on GitHub - jeffdill2.github.io/portfolio.
Try SBJSON to parse the JSON in objective-C.
When I import this manually created .crash report into XCode's Organizer, I am not able to symbolicate it.
PyQt or PySide: QTextEdit deselect all I'm using PySide(PyQt is fine as well) and I want to deselect everything inside a QTextEdit.
The homemade chips with a side of ranch are amazing!
They have a few breakfast specials that are just as awesome\nIt is very small.
I've seen alot of different eaxmples on here and have tried a few but none seem to be working for me.
The ratings and reviews looked way too good to be true, but I have a soft spot for German food and the prices looked downright reasonable.
I've eaten here many times and have never once had a single complaint!
Also, the movie theater was within walking distance.
You should download leopard, not snow leopard.
Is there a way to do this.
Once I finish that jar, I am coming here to buy my tahini.\n\nThey also sell gyro sandwiches for $5 on Saturdays.
Sorry for my mistake and thank you for showing me that the code runs correctly.
Our server did not know the difference between bolognese and meat sauce, but she brought soup and milk for our toddler faster than you can say pronto!
Everyone that works here is very friendly.
The black beans with all the salad yummies could have been a meal in itself.
Win32 defines MAX_PATH as 260 which is what the API is using to check the length of the path passed into functions like FileCreate, FileOpen, etc.
They were still nicely crispy even in the buffet!
Staff are very friendly and accomodating.\n\nThis location used to be at the corner of Idlewild and Independence but moved down the street on 74 near the Nissan and Honda dealers, on the left heading east.
However, instead of normal string value I am seeing bytearray.
Instead of changing the depth of your rocks, you can use , which will draw the sprites in order, and delay the render until you call End (or until the spriteBatch can't handle any more sprites and needs to flush).
The salad was very good and the dressing not too overwhelming.
Cool historic photos adorn the building in the back, showing how the intersection/ area looked about 100 years ago.
I do wish he had more options than just italian wine, but last night we were able to find a great white.
They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.
I usually un-staple the lids to let the steam out to keep the food from over steaming itself.
I already heard, that Three20 doesn't support XIB, so I changed my whole tab bar setup to programmatically.
It's BYOB and we didn't bring our own wine because we weren't in a drinking mood, but once we sat down we realized this was the kind of place where you needed a bottle of wine.
I created this jsfiddle by copying from the DOM model and lo and behold it works exactly as I desire in the fiddle.
The file looks like this: The hierarchy of my windows looks like this: Now this sometimes works, but usually produces this result in the debugger: What am I doing wrong and how can I fix this?
did anyone face a similar issue ?
Context I use an asp.net server to send an Email with a table.
So far I have encountered the following example queries which does not work in hdb.
They have everything here including the kitchen sink.
The shortcode may be a self closing one like at some occassions and may be an enclosed ones like: I managed to figure out the regular expression used in WordPress: This is working fine if the content contains one or more self closing shortcodes, or one or more of the enclosed shortcodes.
It seems that my question was nonsence.
\n\nThe upstairs dining room, adjacent to the bar, features live jazz music 7 nights a week.
Any ideas how to center the text without ?
The food was great the service was excellent the potato salad was just wonderful.
She even made a pretty good smoothie (healthy too) and offered plenty of fruit for breakfast.
I have cleaned, removed the lint markers, deleted the lint.xml file, restarted ADT, still the same issue.
To prevent ctrl + x (Cut) from div you need to use following JQuery : It will prevent to cut text from div.
The place was a little busy and our table wasn't ready despite a reservation so we went to the bar.
This is opposite the way Maps work as a map will return any existing value and replace it with the new value.
I am foremost a web developer, so HTML and JavaScript/jQuery is what I understand, the links are simple tags with target set to _blank.
break is used when you want to exit from loop, while return is used to go back to the step where it was called or to stop further execution.
I Have nothing but lovely things to say about Bruegger's and the team of people that work at my 'go to bagel shop'.
Yes, hipster service isn't going to walk up to you all bubbly and smiley and be super cheesy to you.
I'd say follow the Single Responsibility Principle .
A user may have only read access to company Y and write access to all employees of company Y.
\n\nLunch for the two of us was less than $20 and were super full.
Alternatively, can somebody recommend a PHP framework that’s good for beginners with a decent supply of starter templates/tutorials?
It only does a few things, but it does those few things very well.
\n\nFor those that want to experience what this is like bad can't land tickets to the game I would recommend going 2-3 hours before the game and join in the tailgating festivities.
I tried using the formula from a previous project to find such a distance.
So, I had yet to go to Discovery Place since they remodeled it about two years ago.
Good HUGE hunks of lobster, I only ate a bite or two at the restaurant b/c it was very very creamy, and I have issues with dairy.
Found this place on yelp as we arrived in charlotte 4pm with our 5 yr old and 2 yr old.
These guys and gals a this shop are great.
alertNumber seems to come across just fine, I can use it to trigger the phone call and Log it to the console.
It's for the same reason that you can't access any non-static members within static methods without having an instance to work with.
Either make sure Heroku is using Django 1.8, or remove that line from MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES.
Otherwise, the behavior is undeﬁned The upshot of this is that you can avoid unnecessary conversions by specifying your constants in the precision dictated by the destination type, provided that you will not lose precision in the calculation by doing so (ie, your operands are exactly representable in the precision of the destination type ).
And I want to add another little ViewPager into any page of main ViewPager.
According to the translator at coffeescript.org , your future translates to This is obviously not what you want.
Do we really need to convert?
The eggplant was tasty and well seasoned, but a bit chewy around the edges.
I like it spicy and I always think they give a perfect amount of heat.
So my bet is that both and will wind up being slower .
In your code it seems you are trying to use Speech to Text(Audio recorder), and you are calling it using TTS (Text to Speech) which does exactly the opposite of what you are trying to accomplish i.e.
DOM4J xpath-select colon node with namespace Given the xml content is as below; I need to pickup the node : CustomerId ,but i cannot get it correctly ,the code i used here: Then it throws below exception : I know it caused by the xpath used here ,but i don't know which xpath should i pickup here, you can see the node has : ,so when use the namespace with ns: for each node ,it cannot parse it .
Long version : Take the following configuration: The shop.login state's controller has a function called onLoggedIn that's called once the user has logged in successfully.
They are definitely not in a rush here.
And I am usually with a large group of 5 or more people.
I'll be curious to see how my new iphone 6 will work.
Two words for you Fujo---Sushi Buffet!!!
Number of questions can be vary.
For example MSVCP90.DLL is the CRT from Visual Studio 2008.
You get a really big side of home fries too.
3) Don't implement ActionListener in top classes, see Single Responsability Principle Example Change this: to: 4) Don't use inheritance if it's just the same for example in your , you don't add nothing to it, just use (Now you are gonna to use keybinding so this is useless but to know :) ).
It shows Monona Terrace with the sun setting nearby.
But when the Reduce Transparency setting is on in System Preferences, the white text disappears.
Ble pairing failed I was involved an Android APP which does BLE connection and pairing with our company Bt chip.
It's amazing!\n\nI had their snow pea leaves stir fried in garlic today and eggplant in garlic sauce + chicken.
This is a place where history is celebrated.\n\nThe menu isn't extensive, but you still have lots of choices.
It's easy to find your way around and you get free wi fi!
And when cooked right it's a thing of beauty.
Luckily all I need is the output of this system, but the way I need it is tricky...
I saw a dentist out in a rural area, who told me I had an impacted wisdom tooth, but said he didn't feel comfortable extracting it.
Like when left becomes greater than SOMETHING for example.
We stocked up on pumpkin beers and they even had Weyerbacher Imperial Pumpkin Ale which I can never seem to find anywhere.
I am a beginner in android and don't understand what to do.
I've also had some of their homemade ice cream (mint), and it was very good as well.
My sushi was always okay, the hibachi was standard, my service was mediocre on most days, and I just couldn't get over a 2.5/3 star experience.
Huge pancakes, very good omelette and waffle too.\nEven the oj tastes different.
The cookies were very good mixture of firm and gooey.
I had the Health wrap & the grilled chicken had a delicious black paper seasoning along with fresh veggies.
It's $1.50 for the regular washers, and $3 for the large ones.
I kind of want one right now as I am typing this review.\n\n\nI am so glad I went to Cafe Zinho finally and would happily come back here again.
I called them 3 days, and they`re done and the sub is ready to go!
Ignore the Scrambler class, it has nothing to do with my Problem.
Now everytime we go back to Pittsburgh we have to go there & stock up.
But the biggest reason is for the amount of science I've learned in the past 3 months.
The prediction formula for multinomial regression is So you need a set of coefficients for every class.
one of the strategies that was built by one of the Hadoop vendors is to place blocks on the disk with the lowest percentage disk used.
They both seem like an active projects, so worth following the progress on GitHub.
The late night staff is great too as long as you're not overly drunk or loud; my friends and I have come in enough that they recognize us, even though some of us have been alumni for a few years now.\n\nAs noted above, the stack is their signature item (hash browns, meat, cheese, egg, and gravy), which I recommend with sausage (hamburger is too plain) and a biscuit.
They had a vast selection of beans at very good quality and had no problem with a coarse grind for my french press.
Theirs were very lightly battered so you can actually TASTE the pickles!
I would like to know best methods for repeating this calculation for an array of f parameters (hence ).
Any time I was in town, I always did the same.
Other than that....pretty cool music by local musicians....great ambiance and good times.
They also have some vegetables and snacks.
The same issue was reported, and fixed, in 2005 for Firefox 1.9.
\n\nRight, so I hate flying, But I do love a good airport.
*I* judged me, but it was too good to care \""Look away, I am going to lick my plate now...\""\n\nI don't think there was a single thing I didn't love and the fresh omelette was sooo good.
sample: Where product_id is the javascript var and$("#added_"+product_id) is a div id concatenated with product_id, the var from function add.
You should use the filter instead of method .
But if you're looking for cheap, quick, decent pizza I'd go here.
My fiance and I like to go to Casbah for special occasions and each time it never disappoints.
Only downside is I'm not used to paying a cover for open-mic sessions, but I understand an establishment needs to raise some dough.
[basic] regular expressions differ in several respects.
Essentially what I wasn't doing here was actually telling the array what the variables were.
The mango salsa was really fresh and worked as a great compliment with the meal.\n\nThey key lime pie was great too!
This would probably not be the place to go wearing your casual duds.
Which was a shame since I was not going to travel with my leftovers.
That is just pick a use the maximum value oracle will allow.
It was a while back & it didn't stick out to me enough to remember more than that...
When all was said and done it was by far some of the best food that I have tasted recently and all of my concerns from previous posts were undone with the service being great and having no wait for our table.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that this restaurant had wonderful food and not too high of a price point and I will definitely be back.
Ask anyone how to get to Tessaro's - I'm sure they know.\n\nYour burger will be huge, dripping, and will be so juicy that the bottom bun will be a disgusting soggy sponge.
Great salon for hair...not so much nails.
On the whole topic of IE6, whenever you get to that point of moving IT out of the past, you could use this:
It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery.
Literal bytes, shorts, integers and longs starting with are interpreted as being octal The integral types (byte, short, int, and long) can be expressed using decimal, octal, or hexadecimal number systems.
Tasks which completed execution will be available from the completions service via You can then again use another executor for 3.
So, when we landed we of course drove right over (after being awake all night on a red eye flight) so that I could taste all that is awesome in Beto's pizza slices.
Once again Monty came out and greeted his diners!
A C# null is not the same as a database NULL.
\n\nCheck out the Hand made Pizza station.
\n\nAnd then there's Sarah, the shift manager, a pint-sized, smart-ass (I love smart-asses) that runs a tight ship but makes everyone feel like they're the most important customer ever.
Having two levels of encapsulation is better than one.
We hemmed, hawed and finally decided on Ri Ra...
The bun is buttered and toasted on the flat top.
The staff was helpful, good-natured, seem to be enjoying themselves as much as our guests (our reception was a little unconventional).
Could you explain me what is wrong in my script shell.
Need to get some real savory food on your belly?
It's past 10pm, we're hungry, coming home from a wedding party that served small portions of non-edible food.
Using a custom form and some queries to the REST or SOAP api, you could accomplish your result.
The ravioli looked so fresh, it appear made to order.
Keystores come in various formats and are not even necessarily files (see ), and is just a tool to perform various operations on them (import/export/list/...).
In earlier programming languages, the return from main method was supposed to return exit values to the OS or calling environment.
We really enjoyed our meal and would definitely go back...but share next time!
It's best to call ahead if you're really hungry.\n\nThey have tables and booths for seating.
If he thinks he is bothering you, he won't ask.
The soup was always a must have, with seafood chowder being my favorite.
Applets come with a swag of their own issues which are difficult to diagnose at the best of times, more so when you're trying to learn Java and the Swing API.
Obviously, I like the food, good quality, a perfect serving size, and the amuse bouche is a nice touch!
It's well located, there's a bar in the lobby (watch yourself, that guy pours em stiff), and the staff give a crap.
I'm not saying its dirty, but it's not sparkling, and the dimly lit dining room doesn't bestow confidence in germaphobes.
My brother attended here, and I have a friend pursuing a PhD here now.
\n\nBack in my day, they didn't have the new addition but having the additional space makes it much easier to get a table and some space to move around without affecting the divey-campus bar feel.
The java files are: MainActivity.java DroidLockerService.java LockScreen.java
\nThe staff here and be hit or miss.
You should read the lesson from the Java tutorials, that starts at which describes this.
it gets super busy right around lunch time so I just avoid the rush.
Think of the show Cheers, the edginess of Ireland and the heart of folk all bended together (for 2-4 mins depending on the blender) and you my friends have the Park House.
I highly recommend them to anyone considering lasik.
The system rightly raises the following error message: javax.validation.ConstraintValidationException In this case the expected exception must to be indicated.
Are there any other special cases, where I need to be careful when specifying the version number?
If I changed the mysql charset from cp1252 to UTF-8 and made sure I used things like would that improve my situation?
Loved the lamb madras and the Peshawar Nann.
A basic check-list: Try this with a .
The best goat roti in Charlotte!
If for some reason you cannot edit the variable names, you could wrap the entire blocks of code in separate, anonymous functions: This will put the 2 vars in separate scopes as long as you define them with , so they will not clash.
newfile.tex 2.ll Emergency stop and below these is a message saying [Quickfix list]: latex -interaction=nonstopmode -file-line-error-style newfile.tex So I thought it maybe is something to do with VIM not being able to find files in my computer (so something wrong with grep?), and I tried to resolve it by downloading a software called "cygwin" on which developers said their tests were successful, but it changed nothing.
My seafood tempura ended up consisting of broccoli, asparagus, crab, fake crab and a single piece of fish all breaded in tempura with a side of soy sauce.
But it cannot be find using the type ...
You have to explicitly add the
The brunch is the best I've been too - even our kids love it.
There were some tuna things around the sides of the dish, but in the middle was an upside down glass, with just straight up sushi tuna filling the bottom part of the glass.
First time I brought my car there was for an oil change.
basically what is happening is I do a filter on my database to look for records that are potential/pending.
If these are two wide characters they can't fit into one wchar_t space (yet it compiles in MSVC) and in my case this sequence is treated as the following: which is the only hex escape sequence and therefore the only wide char.
Hey a sandwich with the fries and slaw inside served on a wax paper sheet and tasty (maybe a little bland, may have not chosen the best type) but would go back in a second.
FaceBook UI is not populating multiple friends selected I am using an FB.ui 'apprequests' method to select friends,and it is happening.
I have been on two trips to Top Top now, and figured it was time to write a quick review.
Our favorite right now is the Herb Chicken Mediterranean....would definitely recommend giving it a try.
We use DB Comparer from EMS - they have a large range of tools each specifically targeted for a particular platform (they support SQL Server, MySQL, Interbase/Firebird, PostgreSQL, Oracle etc).
I never miss a chance to grab a walnut burger and hot chips when I'm back in town.
Or if you want to flush manually then you can use destroy method.
The ODP.NET managed data provider does not support code-first development with the Entity Framework.
I have never deployed an app online, and am trying to put the app on heroku.
Now, the above line throws an NullReferenceException, telling me that object reference is not set to an instance of object.
Or if there is something I am not doing on the redis side?
ExtJS debugging "[E] Layout run failed" (in a custom component) I have developed a that uses a grid instead of the standard combo picker (mainly to benefit from buffered rendering with huge data sets).
What in this code is causing a Seg fault?
It is more main steam than before but the food is still great!
\n\nSome points were lost as I didn't love their collection of veils and accessories (it would have been nice to have a one stop shop) and their alterations schedule was difficult, forcing me to schedule fittings, including the last fitting, a little sooner than I would have liked.
This seems to work with no issues so far.
Not unless you are also interested in robotics/electronics.
I need to press another row to be able to edit it again.
Not too much of an ambiance, but it's still a good place to go.
The General Tso's was really good here also!
Go in here once and you will be hooked.
For a quick and tasty fast food experience I really love Sarku Japan.
So I modify example like this: prepare all updated/deleted entities before calling transaction.
We made a trip to Pittsburgh a month back and a friend of mine insisted that we get a sandwich from Primanti's.
The atmosphere feels more like a gourmet brick oven pizza place than a nice Italian restaurant, but they definitely have a lot more to offer than their pizza (which is also excellent).
I'll post a review about them when I try them.
I'm one of these wine snobs who is also totally ignorant about wine.
below is a slice of my routine and it works fine :
Now, she's taken over the big middle part!
Create new image set in assets and provide just 3 images for your launch screen -@1x @2x @3x
People's Restaurant easily wins the top slot on Kelly G's list of the best Indian food in Pittsburgh.
Their salad bar is so fresh and so delicious, that eating salads anywhere else becomes TASTELESS.
The first cab arrived at 9pm to pick up the first half of our group off at the fest, but when the first group arrived at said bar and realized that the second group had still not been picked up, they asked if that cab could go back and get us, ya know, since there was supposed to have been another cab there 30 minutes earlier anyway.
These guys do a phenomenal job at what they do, just amazing.
Spacious, clean, an very friendly staff.
I've looked at the suggested dupes but none of them seem to quite match my scenario.
How to show an element in Jquery after 1 seconds only if the mouse is still over the element?
has a function that returns just the date.
It really provides a lot of opportunities for unique corners to sit in alone and lots of space for groups.\n\nThe coffee is decent.
We had the crab cakes, scallops (which were EXCELLENT) and striped bass which was good.
Can't read array of structure in C I am trying to read members of an object like in the code below.
I'd like to automate the process.
Probably the most comprehensive supermarket in the county, if not all of southwestern PA.
It was a little expensive, next time I might not get the gigantic pop.
You might want to take a look at what caused the problem in my case and how I solved it <a href="
Came here with a group for a friend's birthday.
If you really don't want to loop, try this:
I believe this does what you want: is used to localize in the Module.
\nEven though the look of the restaurant is not what you would expect, it is worth a visit..and I know I will be back on Sunday when I have a fajita craving :-).
You probably will have to do something like this:
they hide the page with a loading screen until it is ready.
The General Tso's is by far better than anything we have come across in Madison - and no, the chicken has not been spoiled for us.
\nWe stopped by on Saturday about lunchtime when Wholey's is packed with its Saturday shoppers, which is it's usual crowded busy-ness.
no dudes hanging around my backside, and all the space in the world to practice my defunct Hammer dance and running man).
Actually you need to add the following folders: layout-sw320dp (xhdpi devices) layout-sw340dp (xxhdpi devices) layout-sw380dp (xxxhdpi devices) you must add folders only if you really need another whole layout in different devices.
We could have picked her up the next day but we were going to be out of town.
A solution with an accumulator: As @StuartMarks points out, the combiner does not fullfill the contract for parallelism.
How to convert an ASP.NET/PushSharp project to Azure to send push notifications?
today's date would be #2012/11/19#, and to make DLookup work you have to use this syntax: to check if today is holiday, you could use this: Yes, DLookup is slow, you should not use it in a query.
for each client the server create thread.
I prefer it over Vincent's, as long as it's veltre's in swissvale!
I can't believe I walked past this place for three years.
Same goes for a video uploaded to Facebook when starred.
I had the crayfish etoufee - rich and yummy.
And I've been wondering how can two android application send notification to each other.
Be aware that jQuery also uses to store things like events.
\n\nGreat food, very very nice staff, a perfectly poured pint of Guinness, and great (meaning talented and not obnoxious) Irish/Scottish entertainment.
is a lower-level API based on file descriptors, described in the POSIX standard.
I am just someone who has always been treated right.
The price is right for the food they have to offer, although you're basically only going to get something deep fried or grilled up.
Clearly the metro Ys looked at their competition and have come to compete.
3.One by one pair, search the file to get line num contain both numbers in pair.
I spent a lot of time the last few summers in northern WI on a lake, so it was nice to be back on a lake again- brought back good memories!
The Bartender was visually a bit flustered as there were three unsavory looking and sounding women seemingly trying his patience with their drinks and menu ordering.\n\nWhen her got to use I ordered a Cadillac Margarita on the Rocks in the Big glass and he got a tall Spotted Cow on tap.
view does update itself after I re-visit another tab and come back to this tab (thus the entire collection is rendered- confirming the change/deletion) What is the best way get around this issue?
Cairo can use Cogl to draw; Cogl will program the GPU pipeline, but Cairo will generate the geometry to be submitted, so you can have high quality 2D results.
Another thread could change the value after you've read but before you write back.
This gives us the ability to assume that the ErrorPopoverRenderer is indeed a UIViewController without even extending UIViewController.
But in principle, it can be done.
They tend to diversify into sushi as well as Korean food, which is probably a good move considering the American palate and their general unawareness of Korean cuisine outside of the major Korean enclaves.
(no sense in paying $20 for a shirt i most likely wont wear outside PNC park)\n\nYes, it does have some off the rocker customers, but you'll have that downtown at an off-price store..
Drinks are always prepared expeditiously and for the most part, all the folks who work there are pretty friendly all the time.
This is not the kind of place you order chicken teriyaki (and if your date does order this, break up with him/her), Umi takes its suhsi seriously and the waitstaff is generally very helpful in navigating the menu, although I did have one experience there in which the waiter seemed like he was preening about his (legitimate) sushi knowledge.
And obviously from out of town.
If I press enter key, message ":call Tex_FinishOutlineCompletion()" pops up.
wchar_t txt = L'\xFE\xFF'; is not portable - implementation defined feature, one should use wchar_t txt = L'\xFFFE';
An important thing to understand here is the so-called project management triangle .
Pretty standard Greek diner - omelets, gyros, pastas and burgers with a 1970s look.
You're actually accessing the name like it's a static property, when in fact it's an instance property.
I have tried importing both versions of jQuery and I tried to use the fadeOut() function on different elements, but nothing has prevailed.
I tried lot, but I am not getting how to do this.Do i need to use any other view instead of image View?
For example suppose for all n-body input data sets you are going to use, you know that your Octree will never go beyond a depth of say 10.
If the vector class was your own, you would be in control of the destructor implementation and you could omit calling it if it was either trivial, or had no side-effects on which the program depends, as described above.
I'm glad we have one so close.
i.e: I would like to stop this loop if and return false.
It wasn't artisinal or fancy, healthy or particularly remarkable, but it was pretty fonking good and to eat that food in that restaurant really made me feel like I was in Pittsburgh.
This prevents a thread from deadlocking itself while waiting for a critical section that it already owns.
The project is a forum site, and there are three main Schemas that comprise it (in addition to cursory Schemas for the forums, notifications, settings and the schemas for the user and the users activities).
The regular waitress was awesome and knew what we wanted.
can only execute 1 query, if you want to execute multiple queries, you need:
I have no idea to solve the problem, the snippet is so simple, am I missing something?
\n\nBeautiful hotel with wonderfully convenient amenities.
Strictly speaking, those declarations are not attributes but namespaces nodes.
Like much in life, you get out of UIUC what you put in.
Cute store...love browsing, great place to pick up unique gifts for friends.
I don't want to get all data from my server.
The food isn't exemplary, but considering the restaurant's very reasonable prices, it feels like a deal.\n\nI stop by a couple times a week, would definitely recommend it.
I had fries as a side and they were tasty.\n\nGreat lunch and great location for relaxing.
Any insight into how to approach this would be greatly appreciated.
The bartender was super sweet and allowed me to charge my phone and even gave me an extra taste of a beer.
There seems to be a broader influence to the menu.\n\nAs for service, I simply could not have asked for better service.
Doesn't checking out happen every day?
I imagine my cholesterol jumped, however it was delicious food.
The data structure is meant to be similar to result of your .
I was astonished that she had gone to such trouble, but I accepted that there were no Ben At Work signs for sale between the Allegheny and the Monongahela.\n\nSome people, it seems, just like a challenge.\n\nUndaunted by such silly little things as the complete and total nonexistence of the desired merchandise on store shelves, Monica got creative.
But this seems rather counter productive, just as if there are 10's of users submitting posts then all the posts will be set over and over again (Doesn't really seem beneficial) I hope this makes sense, any help or guidance would be appreciated.
But if the variable is not of primitive type then its properties can be set using the set methods or any other public fields.
Fish tanks are clean, clear, and plentiful.
More on that in a bit.
ODP.NET 11.2.0.3 does not support Code First nor the DbContext APIs." You'll have to use the model-first or database-first approach.
goes up every year to almost a ridiculous amount.
I wouldn't suggest all the plates on the menu but I would definitely suggest that you don't miss the lamb shank.
Need a place in Charlotte to get black out drunk without fear of waking up missing vital organs?
A couple things about happy hour- late happy hour is awesome, martini happy hour is awesome, but the happy hour menu is super limited.
The error tells you exactly where the problem is.
Am i able to use a copy constructor with the new keyword?
I ended up getting a hazelnut apricot cake good for about 8 to 10 people for only 16 bucks.
The only area the Jenny has to improve on is their produce.
American cities that don't have a really big Korean population.
The dishes I had were off this menu, were cooked by their Chinese chef, and were excellent - high in flavor, good textures, I'd eat them again anytime.\n\nThe second menu is on the left as you come in, and this is mostly Americanized Chinese foods.
But compares X with an unknown value and the result is unknown (i.e.
I was already $1,500 in the hole for vet bills in 2 weeks for an 11 month old kitten, I took her to AVETS and all they wanted to do was cut her open (I was not gonna go that route).
CSS: how come html, body height: 100% is more then 100%?
to take one by one row use cursors
They are very friendly, good with kids, and reasonably priced.
I think the closest thing to what you seem to want is a Hierarchical Recordset in ADO.
Not too pricey and they're always very quick preparing the order.
I think a great enhancement for the stadium would be to put a little roof over the top seats just so it shelters you a little.
\nThe food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$).
\n\nGreat for those who prefer a manly dart board aka a non electric one.
So yes, the kernel will re-initialize the hardware.
with a space in between looks for an element with class name "c" that has an ancestor element.
It now makes sense why the remodel took so long and it was clearly worth the wait.
But I want these regions to stay transparent.
It's amazing and like I mentioned above, a great place to take a date.
Jquery css compare background-colour value I have an .
In general, however, it is considered poor practice to rely on either function pointers or literal string pointers ( ) for testing uniqueness.
I have functions that are written like this that I try to chain like this or like this The problem though is that even if I return new promises, the execution continues down the chain before any of the inner promises are resolved.
is a module that can be used to create more than one application.
I don't know, but I do know they were willing to substitute them with my sandwich even though I wasn't getting the special.
I've tried a couple things to improve the speed.
Employees were all working hard very nice and conversational.
I had a great time at Sushi Kim and would gladly recommend the Korean BBQ buffet special.
\n\nOur pizza arrived steaming hot and smelling wonderful.
Take your husband when you can't stand another night of cooking.
Price is always good when you're student.
In my application and most of applications doing this : If refresh token fails logout current user and warn user to login .(Maybe you can retry refresh token process by 2-3-4 times by depending you) I recreated my refresh token using which simplest connection method.
Anyway it was related to a very weird Windows behaviour.
i'm trying to submit my app to get more than 20 image from my instagram account but when trying to edit the app permission and choose the option but i get this message and in the documentation there is nothing on how to get more than 20 images or how to go live in this case please any help and many thanks in advance
My husband was very happy with his burger, which was some sort of super-spicy special and apparently left his mouth satisfyingly aflame.
I'd like to reuse a PNG shape for MKAnnotationViews, but change the gradient per annotation's properties.
Interestingly, if you setup a branch 'foo' to track a remote branch 'origin/bar' (with 'git branch foo origin/bar') and if the remote repository does not currently have a branch named 'foo', then if later the remote does get a branch named foo, then the local branch foo will track origin/foo thereafter!
But now there was change in raw data recived and cell places are changed dynamically.
Primantis is the ideal Pittsburgh sandwich.
In Python 3: In Python 2:
and sub2.domain.com traffic to your app set up a CNAME that points sub2.domain.com to the new server copy over the DB data as found in update your meteor.com app to just do a temporary redirect (something like window.location=" update your sub.domain.com CNAME to point to the new server This should result in minimal disruption; clients who connect to are auto-redirected to until the CNAME DNS change propagates.
You can call it in render function.
I also ran the app successfully on a Galaxy tab (I normally run them on an emulator).
It was tasty as all get out.
But I was still getting an error.
Try this : (Not sure if Array.SubArray(int) is a real function but that is the idea.
And unless you are ridiculously hungry, get the smaller bowl - it is still a lot of food.\n\nBYOB, so feel free to bring your own alcohol of choice.
I think we were unanimous that this was the best that we had ever eaten.
What's the best way to support array column types with external tables in hive?
In your case, this header tells to the client the structure of the data you return.
Dropped in for lunch on a Saturday.
I was using inside a loop and was cloning the same reference object, so deleting the same var.
You can fix this by creating local variables: Or, as pointed out by Martin R in , you can "capture" these variables: Or, personally, I'd probably use loops to clean this up a bit:
Is it that you enter a time in the afternoon, e.g.
Definitely when it comes to customer service and above-and-beyond satisfaction, Helzberg has it down!
One of a select few good places to eat on the far East side of town.
We are also using appcache to provide offline access to all of the files.
It is a nice quiet restaurant with ample seating both inside and outside...
He made a point of checking on his creation (which had already found its way into my belly), which was awesome.\n\nService was less formal than I expected, which was fine by me.
In such a case, this property should be set to false to allow the children to draw outside of their bounds.
If you self-park in the garage, you don't have in-out privileges and valet is $22/night.
How do I configure this in activiti BPMN.
Is your event handler being called?
I really appreciate this service.\n\nThey also have a location on Colony Rd., near the Lodge.\n\nI am a person who hates going to any type of doctor.
When will Noodles & Company come to California, where I live?
Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies.
Only the pointer or also the object which the pointer points to?
The wedding registry coordinator, Christina, was also very helpful and accommodating.
We normally always have the same waiter, his name is Carlos, and he is great!
I am trying to invoke a method on a Hadoop Server using the HadoopRpcRequestProto So if my "foo" method takes two parameters, foo(String name, int num); How do I encode the parameters and set them to the HadoopRpcRequestProto's request field?
Is there any way that feature will remain to , but still each time slot to be selectable on its own, not as part of group of time slots.
You just need to wrap the other segment in an iterator ( ) after finding the elements corresponding to the IDs.
I ordered salmon, which was cooked perfectly.
On both is Java SDK 1.8.0_101 installed.
(They even have a luggage service, attended by helpful staff.)\n\nThe hotel was in a great part of town too -- it was within walking distance of Epicentre which has a lot of restaurants.\n\nIf I were in the area again, I'd definitely consider staying here again.
I was playing around with the data and I noticed that by doing np.cov(X) I got a very interesting graph.
A great italian dining experience.\n\nI like this place because it's upscale casual.\nThe menu is diverse and the food is excellent.\n\nI had the grilled salmon with shrimp with linguini...goodness.\nThe service was great.\n\nThe romancing accordian player was a bit loud and annoying at times.
This is my go-to grocery store.
Did noticed it seems like it's in a area that's being run down, many buildings around it closed down and gated.\nTypical long stay hotel layout, everything is spread out.\nI was on the first floor by the pool (which has a separate exit to the pool from the room) but you can hear EVERYTHING going on outside since the sidewalk runs by it.
This is my favorite pizza ever.
Most shops cater to the higher margin and repeat cigar business more than the pipe business.
for example should do the trick in the above example.
I plan to deploy to Azure.
here is a slightly better solution that would still allow you to have nil values (please note that nil.to_i is 0 as well as any "text".to_i is also 0) Example of use: If you want to treat and you can adapt the regex in gsub.
They also have a great tasting room inside for when it's cold or rainy.
They take expired coupons so if you have one from a couple years ago, take it in and they will honor it!
Like all the other bars, this place gets quite crowded on weekends and as everyone else here has commented on, the jukebox is loud and, at $1 a song, gets heavy use/abuse.
You appear to have an extra after your connect statement.
because its soo packed with all sorts of great works and exhibitions!
Today I had the Yellow Fin Tuna special.
Here is a short example detailing how it would work:
After that you are sending the "Unknown" value your M class directly which is not related with your D class anymore and it is showing you "Unknown" on your screen.
bulk update/delete entities of different kind in db.run_in_transaction Here goes pseudo code of bulk update/delete entities of different kind in single transaction.
Just some subtractions, multiplications and additions.
I tried Formatting the cell but it didn't work.
Is there a way to stop a url redirecting using javascript or Jquery?
Bathrooms are clean and restaurants are pretty good.
At runtime it throws error while executing : Seems that the annotation information has been lost during compilation.
The qualifier simply means that the specified function is only expected to throw the types listed in the parenthesis following the qualifier.
I tend to opt for take-out, but there is also a mid-sized dining section.
While it sounds like an odd mix, I was actually sad when I finished it.
Argh, the menus have changed again.
In Chrome Developer Tools, I'm seeing an execution time of .
onCreate "CREATE TABLE" + SENSORS_TABLE_NAME + "(" + SENSORS_COLUMN_ID + "INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTO INCREMENT," + look at: creat table --> column-def --> column-constraint AUTOINCREMENT is only one key-word SENSORS_COLUMN_NAME + "STRING" + SENSORS_COLUMN_1 + "STRING," + There is no datatype STRING and also not, if you look at the affinity name examples.
The answer is correct in a certain context, for simple select statements over a DB link, you'll get this error: ORA-22992 : cannot use LOB locators selected from remote tables.
Does anyone know if there is a tool/plugin to detect solution dependencies automatically in TeamCity?
They frequently air DirecTV sports games.
The Trout is their signature dish, which has been on the menu for 20 years.
But, while they have a good number of HD TVs, only two are broadcast in HD so don't think you'll be getting a great picture.
So, in the method like: You RestfulContentController would have a method for Index(), that would NOT return a View(), but instead pure XML or JSON.
It should return a loader object if the module was found, or None if it wasn't.
They have their own free parking lot and have an ATM inside.
I had the Sea Bass with squash.
When it came time to get new glasses and contacts, Jill was wonderful to work with, too!
Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either.
If it is a string, change to:
From scratch pastries, breads, breakfast, lunch, dinner options\nCozy coffee shop atmosphere, fireplace, plenty of tables.\nCash only.
In the following program I'm trying to duplicate a list and then sort it in ascending order.
If you're lucky, they'll play a request for you.
Sure do, sugar!\n\nSo pay no mind to others' taxonomy quip and give this place a whirl.
With this pasted and sorted range still selected, remove duplicates in the name column.
\nMy husband loves extra spicy and if you ask for it, they will deliver it.
This image explains why: This image shows that every new digital signature keeps the original bytes intact.
If, as you say, the word 'Serial)' is generated dynamically, you will have to escape it before passing it to the RE engine: As one other answerer has posted, this won't match (for example) since there's no between the and space ( only exists between and characters and both and a space are ).
Our company is preparing for a company-wide upgrade to Windows 7 64-bit.
As per the above rule in your code example, needs a definition in the Base class.
The food isn't 5 star, but you can never go wrong with Fried Pickles and the What It Is.
Then we waited, and waited and waited.
The byte array should already be having what you originally read from the file.
I have driven past this place a hundred times and always got the impression this place was probably dingy inside.
how to assign query to GridItem in SearchView?
Match Schedule Generator Algorithm I'm working on a schedule generator where every team plays a match with each other teams.
The staff was super helpful and very kind.
Now the list result I read from internal storage and each time I swipe to next page it will have slight lag or delay, so I am thinking implementing ASYNCTask inside this pageradapter so the experience will be better but I have no idea where to implement.
A typical entree is around $8.
For example, simply add the jar file (org.restlet.ext.jackson with dependencies) from the Jackson extension of Restlet.
I have found more flexible solution.
Constructors are used to generate the "default" values in an object.
If you were not lucky enough to get a seat on the rail, there was seating at round, high-top tables a few feet behind and of course plenty standing room directly in front of the stage.
Service was spot on as well
Even that has cheese on it.
An interesting variant on this system is Fyracle , which is designed to offer a degree of compatibility with Oracle.
I then added the following post-receive hook to each project This works on 1 project but not the other.
There's one table in almost a cubby hole with curtains that I guess you could close if you wanted, and it's an awesome seat.
Everyone's been to a sports bar before, this was a little strange to me.
It gets crazy busy and parking can be tough since it's in a touristy location, but the lines move pretty quick as they always seem adequately staffed.\n\nUnfortunately, this location has a limited retail area.
If I use scale(0.5) the resulting left margin is around 400 pixels.
The canteen has some relatively healthy sandwiches and salads, but a limited selection, and nothing to write home about.
I mean, when it has a some background, it looks good.
but it seems they charge full price per bottle, which is a pretty lousy deal in the end.\nbut prices for eat/drink-in are totally acceptable!
Traveling through this airport was a surprisingly pleasant experience.
I would recommend this Old Navy to anyone.
Reminds me of something Barney Rubble might eat.
Here is the code that I have so far.
Its all high quality food and super delicious.
I only tried the chicken but it was huge and so packed with filling and flavor, all I can really say is Yum...Yum!!!
This will avoid hitting your table on each signup.
place was built when everyone was 5'5 150 lbs.\ni am 6'3 270 lbs ,so its a toyt squeese for a 2 hour concert.
You will not be able to retrieve a plain text password from wordpress.
Read up on how OOP works:
However, this is done by a "refresh" of the complete content.
You can also ask yourself if using a is needed.
I'd like to try other menu items if I'm still in town.
In my view, you can't go wrong with Mert's.
My girlfriends and I went for brunch.
Can some one help with suggesting a way to build a View to display questionnaire.
But everything was $14+ for lunch items.
I tried to go through the tutorial again from the new location.
To protect you against programming errors?
I come with my two dogs and sit outside on the patio and everyone is always checking on us, offering water right when I get there for my babies and the food is so fresh and delicious.
Every attempt results in an undefined variable.
I'd prob give Soba 3.5 stars if I could.
It's a bit of a mystery, isn't it?
I called to set up an appointment for the estimate and drove down a few days later.
You can see WordPress plugin here , they are currently generating AMP page for each Blog Post in Single view, however any other custom post types like Pages, Archive pages, Category pages,front page are all non-AMP.
With these three modules you can do elegant MVC programming that is easy to write and to maintain.
Admission is always FREE!\n\nDetails: To get inside, you need to enter through the door at Sixth and Wood St.
I could do something that expands of course, but is there any way to: make it shorter (NULL or some name) remove the need of from before the struct Ideally, I'd like to both define the handlers and the menu struct itself.
Is there a way to get the bundle SKU of a purchased simple item in a similar manner?
The counter i optimized works like this: This way you run 2 query for the first view, the other views require only 1 query.
Meat, cheese, and other ingredients always fresh and tasty; I love the sweet tea; and every time I come here the staff is always nice.
Everything is affordable, so you can easily feed your frozen dessert addiction.
The prices were very reasonable for the quality.
Prevent intermediate compass file output when piping I'm using to compile scss files.
\n\nI took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good.
Just a casual restaurant.\n\nWe arrived around 2pm on a Saturday and were quickly seated.
You could try to put it in a document.ready call.
If I use: tail -f MainLog > RecentLog I get ALMOST what I want except RecentLog is written as MainLog is available and might at any point only have part of the last MainLog line.
The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous.
You can get a whole assortment of other toppings on your gyro all at no charge!\n\nTwo years ago, they started catering to the drunk, after-bars crowd on Fridays and Saturdays.
We ordered our dinner immediately, with a salad and a glass of wine.
The neuron is made up of 5 components shown in the following list.
Disclaimer: I have used neither subtree merge, nor submodules, nor git-filter-branch personally.
mine were stuffed with sliced strawberry, brown sugar, and usually sour cream (i asked for mine w/o the sour cream - this place is enough of a greasy spoon).
Or the better way to check domains?
The ribs were different than I typically like (vinegary maybe) and the chicken was a little dry, but I loved how it wasn't overly salty like southern food sometimes is.
We also got the Cajun chicken sandwich with cheese...
Missing are the products that don't have tags.
I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up.
Test this version, updated using C++11 features.
\""I can only speak for the pizza, but have it on good authority that the same attention to quality, fresh ingredients is extended to the entire menu.
The header in question is: I tried to extract it with LWP::Response as but it does not work.
Bank of America ATMs all over the place and several shops to help kill time between connections.
Above strings are "hardcoded" (or whatever you call it) in the project.
\n\nAround Christmas time, if you buy a $20 or $25 gift card, you get a free Chick Fil A calendar for the next year with coupons for each month.
Don't get me wrong, he was a fine musician.
Lee is literally the nicest customer support person I've ever worked with!
Because I need to get a id which is passing from the URL to use with the GET['id'] with PHP.
This returns the row number of the last number in column Y.
Then I close that project and open a new one, repeat the above steps, OK, the 2nd function is there i my instance but the 1st one disappeared or be replaced and no longer queryable for use.
I also had a tool that lets you record a narrative of what you do as you work, and it ties it to a log of your edits and actions, that establishes some traceability though it's of course not documentation.
i dont understand why, adding an element on the list also fires a list selection.
MATLAB 7.0 provides the function, which returns the real roots of a number.
It's still just a chain of properties.
i mean anything with fries and coleslaw on it can't be beat.
\n\nI chose the Braised Coq au Vin wrapped in Prosciutto served with couscous and a mushroom reduction...it was dry edible but dry.
I have tried using however this produces highly inaccurate results.
The fancy wall art, the color of the paint...
\n\nBut, today, I really still wanted some good food from Wan Fu, so we went for dinner after catching a movie at Ballantyne Village.
You can apply your custom large sobel filter with filter2d , and then code the Canny non maxima suppression.
I appreciate any suggestions Best, Thorsten
But here's the real problem: Because some entries like "description" are saved in their own table I need something like LAST_INSERT_ID() to know the auto-increment id of the just inserted dataset.
I've created a small application that utilizes the recently announced Gmail API to search received e-mails for a specific string.
With a new coach rolling into town and some great new players behind him, I was stoked to get a chance to see inside the 300 level Panther's Den here at our hometown stadium.
Note that I updated my DB and replaced all 0s with NULL values.
So in arquillian.xml I do: In my unit test: I hope to have the real port (localPort) used by Apache Tomcat (because yes it start with a random port) but this URL is with 0 port the one from configuration not random one.
Friendly service and a consistant product.
Lime, grape, orange, cherry, lemon, and raspberry!
Okay, with the help of Syfors' suggestions i have change the relationship between A and B: I have also found: [...]Normally it is best to define the ManyToOne back reference in Java[...] Source: Now JPA doesn't generate a thrid table for the m:1 relationship and now my JPQL query works fine:
They were slightly more acidic than many of the wings that I have had in the area and that went well with a little bit of blue cheese.
This is most important for textures on large overlapping objects far away (flickering/occlusion), or for small meshes far from the axial origin, where rounding problems become severe enough to jump meshes out of view.
Unlike support for other frameworks, I cannot see GWT when I right click project root in Project tab and select "Add Framework support".
Take it from an ILLINI - you won't be disappointed.
The problem is that when used in an input element, the underscores are not shown.
The only downside is that it has spotty older browser support, e.g.
When I cut into it bleed and that grosses me out but here the skillet is still cooking the steak and therefore it was soon medium and perfect!!
Textwatcher in custom listview with SQLite database I want to add a filter in custom listview which is getting values from sqlite database.
And hey, I was at work instead of a waiting area...so that's good.
They offer classes and programs for all skill levels.
You'll want to do the type check so that you don't try and do a cast when you're working on say, the header item.
Also, maybe the script could be improved?
Here's what I have so far Please suggest a way to parse milliseconds so that the test above contains them.
I set the php function to echo the result, the alert spits out the html from the php file.
I have tried hoagies throughout the United States and the hoagies made at the Triangle Bar in Swissvale are BY FAR the absolute best hoagies in the United States of America!!!!
Is there a single-line command to accomplish the copy in this situation?
I've also turned on all notifications on the admin's account for that calendar.
My parents graduated from the U of I in 1981, and Zorba's was there back then!
Probably one of the best steaks I've had.
I would give them six stars if I could.
Compiling is a complex operation ; and it doesn't surprise me that it'd use a full CPU for some time (depending on the size of your project) .
It was a little pinker than I would normally get but that's ok.
I've one MainForm window and from that user can press 3 buttons.
So your formula becomes If you are using a version prior to MATLAB 7.0 (R14), please read the following: To obtain the real cube root of a negative real number "x", rather than executing: use the command: This will find the absolute value of the root and modify it by the sign of the argument.
(I only mention this because some hotels have a strange chemical smell on their towels after being washed)\n\nFriendly, southern staff
Item 1 Item 2 Item 3 Scroll me...
For instance, phones from Kyocera, Sonim, and Casio have such Intents available, and you'd simply need to put a receiver declaration in your AndroidManifest.xml, like this for a Kyocera phone: Then, a simple BroadcastReceiver class that receives the up and down intents: Hope this helps, Shawn
Any suggestions as to how to make the browser URL change?
They have good music playing in the background but it's never all that loud and it's stuff you want to listen to anyway.
Going to the games are always a good time, and when they are on TV at the bar, I always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game.
Record of complete and up to date vaccinations required.\""\n\nI hope this helps all the dog lovers out there.
Code for highlighting: Code for making odd rows different colour: Any ideas how this could be fixed?
I had run into a similar challenge with a proxy class.
I also get my olives for dirty martinis here...pick out your olives, get them weighed, and then fill up your container with brine and...voila!
I like the pizza size options.
Hendrick Lexus gets it and I just wished that the customer service I receive for my other new car (which I want mention) had 1/3 of Lexus customer service practice.
You can achieve that by using css overflow-x: auto; please see example
I ordered the daily special: Halibut over a veggie succotash.
The dining room may be cluttered with old photos, objects representing Greek culture and other oddities, but again that's part of the charm.
I had many visits here and always pretty happy about the airport itself.
If we would've been hungrier the pies looked amazing but our bellies had reached their capacity.\n\nOverall quality, its traditional american diner feel w/ a twist of Madison.
She's really professional and great at her job!
No - you will need to process the file "manually".
You can use Householder elimination to get the QR decomposition of .
Opening a unit test in Microsoft Test Manager I have a simple unit test project on Visual Studio 2012 Professional.
A solution similar to using exists is: And finally, also with the function used like a lookup function:
I have my cell implementation in another class, with the property of the label and the button in the header.
Sometimes, it's just nice to get out of town for a while and still go to a familiar place.
On this event, I would like to get the text that is inside the textarea.
But I noticed that a is consuming too much of empty spaces with the CSS property.
Eclipse Plug-in Enable/Disable Menu Items Programatically I am writing an eclipse plug-in that extends AbstractDebugView .
Here's one example to do that.
Their wontons are handmade in house.
And I'll be back.\n\nThe gas is cheaper than others nearby but it's still more expensive than going to South Carolina.
\n\nThey can provide literature that helps increase your understanding of various supplements and conditions.
My dog has been at several other kennels in Madison before I found hickory hills and he use to come home completely out of it, but here he actually seems happy.
- Installation request for jenssegers/mongodb ^3.0 -> satisfiable by jenssegers/mongodb[v3.0.0, v3.0.1, v3.0.2].
The vegetables are always nice and the proteins are well cooked.
Now i want get_table function to perform all this below operations, So how to overcome this issue, can anyone help me out?
Plenty of food, so good value for the prices.
That tells me that they care about our experience after I pay them!!
BackupManager - any "bmgr wipe" alternative?
\n\nMy husband got the weinershnitzel, and it was pounded perfectly thin and uniform, crisp on the outside and tender and moist on the inside.
See sample code below and thanks!
With the wealth of breakfast and brunch offerings in the Pittsburgh area, it's great to go to one that isn't snubbing it's nose at the rest of the crowd.
Try adding before in your .vimrc.
Clean, great staff good subs, even better that it right beside Starbucks.
My problem is, that the header file is often 7 times bigger than the .obj file (same model!) and the first rendering lets lagging my application.
The reasoning is, that many parts of the new C++11 library are taken from Boost.
Scrapy crawl in order I can't figure out how to make scrapy crawl links in order I've got a page with articles and in each one there is a title but the article doesn't match the title Also in settings.py I added: I've got something like this:
There is a DOM event for that, but it's been deprecated - see this Try this: } Then just run checkVideo() when document is loaded (e.g.
I should have known something was off right away!
In theory, Perl could be using a bubble sort and thus the algorithm is a O 2 .
Update MySQL field; condition = string field between two numbers I am trying to update a field's value if a string column is between two numbers.
From the other hand count vector with model (index) can be used to restore unordered input.
As long as the accumulated minutes value is >= 60, you have to take off 60 minutes and bump the hours up by one.
If you think cabbage can't be so good as to give you daydreams, well, you haven't had the cabbage here.
Here is a simple example of how to copy values from an input to another html tag: The jQuery is all in which pulls the value from the input using and supplies that value as an argument to replace the html contents of the span .
Not bad at all for a free breakfast with a small but nice selection of meats, cheeses, and fresh fruit.
\n\nService can be a little slow, but definitely worth it.
You don't need if else block, just math :
And front row preference on most rides.
Additionally there is also an issue of how to go from 'subtree' merge to submodules.
Don't be fooled by the humble exterior: their food is delicious!\n\nBetter than Pizza Sola.\n\nIts my favorite pie in Shadyside, and their hoagies and gyros are also delicious.
I think you want to submit the form when the input is clicked so:
My Dad once had the soft shell crab hoagie and almost cried it was sooo good...
The veggie egg rolls were yummy too.\n\nWe ordered 4 full entrees, and threw in their Singapore noodles to make it 5.
You are only stopping the animation of certain classes.
My problem is that the order of the column in the written file doesn't match the order of the fields in the query.
I want main ViewPager not to swipe.
The service was some of the best I've ever had in any restaurant and the \""Generous Pour\"" wine sampling was fabulous.
There is no standard predefined parameter type which allows you to get the current user name as a Where parameter in markup (I guess you are talking about ).
the function solves an equation of motion problem.
Thus far, I've wrapped the shell out ( ) command in an thing so only one MPI process runs the script.
\n\nAt the behest of our server, each of my dining companions and I ordered the prix fixe pasta and a few antipasti.
I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo.
Average copies per element is (2 + 1 + 0) / 3 = 1.
I was wondering if there was any kind of visual c++ "test app" available that would let me execute some code from the libraries.
I am getting the ACKs also from the server side.
This masterpiece features homemade pancetta, crimini mushrooms, and goat cheese.
I was aware going in that they weren't going to make it fit exactly perfect and they surely exceeded my expectations.\n\nWhen I showed up on Friday, the two women (mother and daughter) were so kind and warm.
when to use which mod_rewrite rule for self routing?
Cheese was decent priced and delicious.
If I had to guess I would say that the LU method is used, adjusted for tridiagonal matrices, but I still can't find the connection with the code...
CLT is hands down the best smelling airport there is.
But after adding the box, vagrant is not finding it and attempting to download again.
However, the performance differs a lot.
The \""plus an egg\"" thing intrigued me, so when I finally made it to Pitt, I gave it a try.\n\nPlus an egg indeed!
Would recommend them to anyone looking for a printer that will make their life easier and that's coming from a graphic designer of ten years.
WIN right across the street from Southpark Mall (in the middle of it all).
I had something that resembled a manhattan while my dining partner had the Bellini and both were good.
I've tryed chrome debuger and also firebug, and followed both tutorials, but I don't even see the php file that is called from ajax, so I can't set breakpoints into it.
And for once the Cubs are keeping us out of last place instead of the other way around!
The staff knows EVERY one of the animals, they do all they can to care for them, and keep the doors WIDE open for both domestic and wild animals, even if that means a staff member or volunteer takes a cat or dog home!
Any changes made within are automatically animated.
Whether or no a thread can process a timer callback within its own context depends entirely on how the timer expiry can be communicated to the thread.
The lunch specials are affordable and come with rice/naan (THE LARGEST PIECE OF NAAN YOU'VE EVER SEEN), salad, and a veggie pakora - for under $10.
That was really unexpected and really nice!\n\nOnce I tried the raspberry stuffed french toast I loved it, really really good.
If you have a dynamic background, then you will probably need to use shaders (sorry, openGL 2 only).
However, occasionally (I'd say about 10-20% of the time), the mail() function causes the page to load exceptionally slowly, if at all.
\n\nMy friend, welcome to the place where millionaires shop for groceries.
To change the gid you have to explicitly ask for it to be switched as in: does change my gid to one of my other groups.
Solution found : Uninstall VS completely and reinstall.
The tour guide was nice, and did his best to keep the group entertained and under control.
Trust your servers recommendations, and get the Salmon & Mushroom sashimi
\n\nIt's small enough that it is simple to navigate in a short period of time.
How to Store a key and value in a cell using ExcelPackage C# Am creating an Excel sheet with dropdown for each cell using ExcelPackage.Now i pass a value to list as 20-APSECE (i.e) StudentId-StudentName so that i can render both id and name while rendering the excel using c#.
Any idea what the problem might be?
I have a python application that depends on the uuid module, but on the server where I need to run it, uuid is not installed.
new_record?() public Returns true if this object hasn’t been saved yet — that is, a record for the object doesn’t exist yet; otherwise, returns false.
It is not specific to Bootstrap.
I'm not sure if you can order off the menu or not.
Girasole is one of the places in Pittsburgh I always go to when I have visitors from out of town.
We have gotten such phenomenal service.
It's huge, cooked well, and on a good, sturdy bun.
Occasionally you get a day when it's off.
If the chicken had been moist, this place would get all five stars from me!
Prices are fair and food can be ordered from the restaurant just opposite.
Wish I could remember the name of it, because it's heavenly.
Rest web services - Synchronous or asynchrous I have one doubt in my mind, What is the default behavior of REST web services-Synchronous or asynchronous.
This is quite a value, plus everything was delicious.
\n\nThe only real negative to our experience was the roaming accordion player.
I'd suggest using these functions ( Requires a second function ) These are safer than the alternative.
You'll circle that old building for half an hour before landing a space!
Removing blue block of active hyperlink?
If you want someone to get all the crust and cuticle, he is the one to go to!!
The best strategy is to call ahead.
Read it into a string, go looking for the first non-blank, then go looking for the next blank, then use internal io to read the relevant bits, etc.
It would make it easier to manage as I could use the shell to move things around.
\n\nI came on a Sunday afternoon so there was no live band , and it was super cold so we couldn't sit on the patio.
Also note that Tram's lets you BYOB.
This small joint expanded in the last year.
I'm using a in the (EditMode) and I would like to disable it depending on the date of the system.
Now you can put it into a function: And now your remove is safe: If you are not in the habit of having embedded new-lines in filenames, you can omit the and parameters.
After moving from Chicago to Madison, I thought that I would be safely tucking my Lebanese palate into the furthest recesses of my tongue, saving it only for the occasional trips back to Kedzie Avenue.
I can't change this class, and I can't use another class instead of it.
If you wish your keys to be extracted in the same order you put them use .
However I cannot figure out the code that will help me with this.
\n\nYes, it is a little pricey.
The issue is in the fact that by default images are vertically aligned with the baseline.
You can also use sessionStorage instead of localStorage if you want the data to be maintained only until the browser window closes.
My hubby and I shared a mixed berry cobbler served with vanilla bean ice-cream.
So, the correct scope should be something like: and you call it simply:
\""Lost in time\"" type of diner.
great beer selection and good dogz.
I have been there at least ten times and I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal.
Client Credential Flow without Admin login Following these instructions on implementing client credential flow, using this sample repo to test on, I got a running version of an app using client credential flow that can read email, calendar, contacts.
The code is almost the same previously posted, so it doesn't worth to copy and paste it here.
If I was to take a transfer fight i would def try to look for a transfer flight over here.
Certainly not by modifying arguments that may not be visible from the site.
You should also look at my answer to your .
Everyone there was extremely patient and pleasant.
You can do this in Eclipse via Run button dropdown -> Run configurations...
Convert the file into JSON data for easy access -- the data shouldn't change very often, so this shouldn't be a problem.
Multiple bus lines and lots of stops, if you live on campus you are never more than 2-3 blocks from a bus.
Rick and I have been doing that for years.
My service consultant is Josh Mohr, who is always courteous and very helpful.
As far as I know, you need to attach an article to a category to view it.
It's not as funky as the Oakland area Pamela's, but the food is just as good.
Configuration Symfony3 with netbeans I would like to know if netbeans support Symfony 3.1.0?
I think the change of basis could help you Wiki Link .
I think the extra checking for null is NOT necessary at all.
I think this will become a regular place for me.
\nThe Tiramisu Chocolate Martini was with the whole trip to Charlotte!!!
However I loved how she styled my hair so I ended up buying everything she used because I needed products and you know I have seen a huge difference in my hair.
I am fetching the user's current location and displaying nearby physiotherapist based on their current location.
I always enjoyed it, with or without my nieces, and the movies in the dome theater are cool - especially since they changed it to show full lenght movies like Spiderman and The Dark Knight.
Software being installed: AJAX Tools Framework Webtools Integration (Incubation) 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG (org.eclipse.atf.feature.feature.group 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG) Missing requirement: AJAX Tools Framework Mozilla IDE (Incubation) 0.3.0.v201006041600-17K-DZRDIXEqJdCQQLF (org.eclipse.atf.mozilla.ide.feature.feature.group 0.3.0.v201006041600-17K-DZRDIXEqJdCQQLF) requires 'org.mozilla.xpcom.feature.feature.group 1.8.1' but it could not be found Cannot satisfy dependency: From: AJAX Tools Framework Webtools Integration (Incubation) 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG (org.eclipse.atf.feature.feature.group 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG) To: org.eclipse.atf.mozilla.ide.feature.feature.group [0.3.0.v201006041600-17K-DZRDIXEqJdCQQLF] thanks
\n\nThe staff is very friendly, the.
If you want to avoid the wait, go later in the afternoon.
There was a place like this in Boone called Fat Cats (which also carries vinyl--love it!), but this store carries many more titles in VHS and DVD.
I implemented the code of the first example, that should display two triangles.
Staff was very nice, was flexible with scheduling, and explained exam during each step.
The pizza was super greasy and cheesy, but flavorful and delicious.
To fill a file attachment, you would need to use the second way which is… 2.
I could live on the bread alone.
I had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic.
So that you don't activate the GPS yourself but it's still running?
Very family friendly, although I don't have small children anymore.
Even the wi-fi was fast and free, and therefore, fantastic.
I'd call in sick for that.\n\nDon't miss out on their Long Islands ($5 on Mondays)...
Though, for it to work, in your manifest you need to set so the content will be resized and not just shifted.
Finally Maven will recursively read the POM files associated with other dependencies listed in the POM and decide which other modules to download (Dependencies of Dependencies)
This is a great book to teach you programming in general and it teaches you using ruby.
\n\nAs I mentioned it doesn't look or taste quite like a traditional pizza.
You need to do this: Refer getElementsByClassName() - W3
Add and Compare Datetime in Python How do I write this pseudocode in Python?
How do you close JOptionPane after a radiobutton has been selected?
As a result of the update to the latest version of Mac OSX(10.9.5) that is installed in the Application loader, it came to success.
I ordered the Grilled chicken BLT and it was very tasty.
In that collection view cell add a label on the side (this will become the light blue box).
In Italian the word \""Girsole\"" means \""Sunflower,\"" a flavor that really comes through in this salad.
Highly accommodating for allergies and food preferences.
However, since (with all current Python versions) this binding is not made until after the module body has been executed, there are cases where relative imports will work fine but absolute imports will fail.
I am new to the Madison area and a avid gardener some friends told me to check out this store for seeds.
This is what i'v tried: From the MainActivity: and this is my service sample code: What i'v wrote on the MainActivity gives errors...
They can also walk over to the mall and shop, eat or entertain themselves if they don't have a car.
Well, you need a bit of background information to understand the purpose of this tag.
All that I saw going by looked good, but my recommendation would be, if you go only once, skip all that and go right for a pancake/crepe creation.
Part of her top was sheer, and would have been tastefully so if she didn't have her bra and underwear sticking out in awkward places, unbeknownst to her.)\n\nAnyway!
(Note: The only grumble I have with TJ is lack of everyday essentials and I was suprised to learn that TJ doesn't stock dry beans).
can be used with arrays and objects.
On each signup, perform your check against the cache.
People will be using my software to slice the objects and then generate the videos to be played later one.
The 260 character limitation is not a limitation of the file system, but of the Win32 API.
Also, doing things like is not going to work, because is not yet initialized.
Very good all around and the bill was round $40 for 2 burgers and 4 drinks.
The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.
One of them requires the use of a factorial.
So I have a very simple request.
When I try to load my own date using the NN pattern recognition app window, I can load the source data, but not the target (it is never on the drop down list).
Unfortunately it was just a few morsels of blue cheese pressed into the top of the meat.
So how can i accomplish this?
Why doesn't C++ provide us with a constructor which takes an array as an argument?
There was even a girl at another table who had just gotten hers for eating there.
Use this html tag center can be substituted for left or right if you want not to position them on the center The proper way to do it is by linking your html to a CSS file and assign each div to a certain type of class in the CSS file, this helps you avoid redundancy.
Really good and the pita seemed fresh and light, not super greasy like the joints here in Chicago.
Add a new Content Taxonomy field, and use the Select widget.
I'm not sure how many beers they offer, but I know for sure it's over 100, and possibly over 150.
\n\nI love this place so good.
There are Visual C++ specific examples in MySQL++ that show how to do this.
Well I think that an answer for your question exists somewhere in Microsoft documentation .
However if I then modify the the config file (lets just call is config.xml) and re-build then since no source files are changed, the build returns "nothing to do ..." and therefore there is no post-linker stage and my updated config.xml file is not copied to the target area.
Is there some something I am missing?
You can use a form inside your application.
Rock climbing is a great activity to engage in with your friends and family,(perfect place to take the kids) what better way to build camaraderie than by pushing the limits and living on the edge (all in a safe and controlled environment).
However, what I would recommend above everything else is that you only ever use alphanumeric characters (and the underscore character) for your field and table names, as it is considered better practise, and will remove this type of thing happening again for you
This functionality is not implemented in Rails 3.
To fix the ambiguous warning, add extra constraints.
The bug is fixed in commit 4ad928d on GitHub.
Truly a hidden gem in Edgewood...
I've always met interesting people when I go to the Saloon.
Anyway, I would like to search for it by UNC if possible as \192.168.0.2\WAN\ or I could use the drive letter as a last last resort, but not everyone uses the same letter for that drive in our company.
Note the block of this procedure: Which changes index positions 50, 51, 1250 and 1252 with a NULL value to force a DML error against the table constraint of the ID column on table exception_test .
That's really all I ask for in an airport.
The first parameter contains the name of the view file (in this example the file would be called blog_template.php), and the second parameter contains an associative array of data to be replaced in the template.
Example: How would I, for instance, find the forward-most corner of the cube given its Forward, Right, and Up vectors (as well as its coordinates, obviously) assuming that the colored axis is the 'real' axis.
\n\nFOOD Room served: not so bad!
Service is always great anytime I've been there.
It was cooked right, because you don't see any sauce/oil separation.
It is a very fun, friendly, music-loving environment.
Then get that id after new record is inserted and save that id in SharedPreferences, then when ever required you can pull record from users table like using WHERE = my_id_save.
Super talented stylist who is always great fun to talk to!
and I get take out, add a bottle of wine, and have romantic dinner parties-for-two on our front porch.
It's pretty obvious by their name, they aren't trying to hide the fact they are Korean.\n\nI've been there for both Korean BBQ on the second floor and Korean food on the main floor.
By and large it takes almost a HALF HOUR to get a drink of ANY sort.
Perfect.\n\nI feel like you have to get the pasta trio at least once.
The compiler seems to place the casting from to on the same level as upcasting to when the overload resolution comes.
Jupiter is a code review plug-in tool for the Eclipse IDE.
This may cause issues if parts of your scripts need the vars from the other.
That being said, there are no thing disallowed in pseudo code; you can even write prose to explain something that happens.
He ask me to try it on to see if there was a tuning he could do.
QtCreator is another nice full Qt integrated tool.
I've done weeknight dinner and Sunday brunch.\n\nThe weeknight we stopped in was a beautiful night for patio eating.
I would go back and spend the money any time!
\n\nPROS: Have had the pad thai, wide noodles w/ black bean sauce, and mango curry here.
ConnectionHandler is not serializable because it contains references to Socket and ServerSocket, which are not serializable.
Besides, it is not a natural way of using an function.
There are bar tables and couches and comfy chairs to hang out on.
\n\nThe menu was a bit confusing to start since it was their full menu with various upcharges for certain items.
What's not to like about Cajun food?
Probably 60 degrees (on a warm day in August!).
There's an info box that shows what changes have supposedly been made, but there are no changes made to the database.
By the way, we went on a Saturday in early June and it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be!
How to dynamically figure out such bursts is a difficult problem.
That can easily be achieved if you are able to predict the position of the next button to be added.
Error while implementing take for a Stream I was trying to solve Exercise 2 from Functional Programming in Scala .
There always seems to be a decent selection of the new releases, and I can always get in and out quickly.
However, if more were like my night here, than I might change my mind.\n\nNo pressure, relaxed atmosphere, in a very nice looking (and clean) venue!\n\nBest part of the night?
I've heard the French Toast and pancakes are also great.
\nRecent exhibits such as Body Worlds (which I unfortunately missed), Pompeii and the IMAX movies provide plenty of attraction for us big kids as well.
It is situated in a house just a couple blocks from the heart of Uptown.
I think a table-valued function is more appropriate so you don't have all the coalescing and additional joins for each condition you would have.
Typically the down key scrolls about 10 pixels.
Believe me, I don't mind standing, but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you.
If this proves to be too difficult or if I can come up with a good explanation of why we don't need to do this, then perhaps I can convince the project managers this isn't necessary.
Our waitress even commented that my son had gotten a haircut in between.
Link to Image 1 Showing StoryBoard: StoryBoardImage Link to Image 2 Showing files: files in my project Here is my code:
I went to Github and tooked a look at their how-to...
Word Art effect in Flash Design Studio using ActionScript How can I develope word Art effect functinality for run time added test (Like Blue Cotton)?
Do not use functions in templates when you can avoid this.
Don't let the drab decor of the store fool you.
Atmosphere is nice but a little too dark and loud for my tastes.
Try using the following attribute If that doesn't work, perhaps try using if that is possible in your situation
There is no oven which I expected as the descriptions all state \""full kitchen\"" so be aware of that.
I'd even say, their worth the trip out to the store, but you might want to know more about the food, glorious food.
The size of array after assignment isnt roi_size * roi_size, but instead roi_size*roi_size*2 Is something wrong with the type of vector??
Good place for described logic is the action creator.
This is kind of hard to answer.
And if that's the limit on your sushi palate, then you're certainly coming to the wrong place!
If it x XOR y = z != 0, then range [block, index) is contiguous.
All of the menu items I've tried there have been amazing.
The output has to be local, try something like:
It's probably better to remove the ID, but then how could I update the text in my span after all?
The above was compiled in C++, but I presume the same would hold if it was converted to ANSI-C code using printfs.
I don't mind paying more money when the food is delicious, the service great on all levels, and the ambiance enjoyable.
We need one of these in Philadelphia.
I've seen few that use prepared statements, which is good for security.
Thank you very much in advance !
How do I change this query?
the wall mounted heating/cooling unit was pretty loud.\n\nThe continental breakfast (6:30-9:30 am) was one of the better ones I have seen.
So I had to satisfy my craving for such today with a nice kielbasa (or is that kolbassi) from Wiener World.
I've taken my car to Tuffy on S.
Oh Olive Garden...you really impressed me with your new menu options and I'm very happy to write this review!\n\nIt had been a while since I've visited and OG, mainly because I was tired of always ordering the same thing.
Yes, they may cost more than eBay, but you get great service from the staff who are helpful in answering questions.
\n\nWell let's take a look at the January specials.
For example: Then right at the beginning of the entry point I tell SmartGWT to look at the subdirectory for the images (in this example is the name of my main GWT module): The part of the path is special SmartGWT syntax.
The freshness really shows in the taste.
This place is huge and you can pretty much find anything.
The other lunch specials through the week are: Monday 2 hot dogs, Tuesday chicken tenders, Wednesday cheeseburger, Thursday BBQ, Friday porkchop sandwich and Sunday Dixie dog (not sure what that consist of).
Utterly and totally hit the spot.
Being from Nor Cal, my business trip to Charlotte gave me an opportunity to try this out.
I'm a LaTeX newbie, but I've been doing my homework, and now I have a question that I can't seem to find the answer to.
There are several other uses, but maybe the most important thing nested functions do is allow internal helper functions that are not visible externally, an extension to C's and C++'s static not extern functions or to C++'s private not public functions.
doing this doesn't work: because the is not yet known at that point.
A packet is 1 or more frames, and is typically the minimun number of frames that can be processed by a system at once.
at least all my friends will have epic birthday cards!\n**seewhatididthere.\n***i'm basically a local now.
I would have expected mClosedList to start empty, so this loop will never execute, and so nothing will ever get added to mOpenList.
(I guess that's what happens when six ladies go out to dinner together...haha)\n\nI would definitely come back again, although it is very pricey so it's not so much a place to come and stuff your face with maki, and more of a birthday/anniversary/graduation/other major life event celebration spot.
What is strange is that when I try to manually add the linked resources, it refuses and says that it already exists...
For example, if they are looking at the data by week, then the closing stock is the last day of that week, month is the last day of that month etc.
'for i in range(len(hashBucket)):' I think.
It looks like files are retaining permissions and they are still owned by the old account.
Anyway when I was using WatiN + Nunit + MSVS, I had this configuration in my testing project:
After have run the command: npm install orientjs Save this code in a file.js: UPDATE Hope it helps
I am confused with using global in the code, because some says its not good.
I called Ring Central, they said I can do it, but I have to start it at the other end with the company I want to transfer them to.
Next jquery is doing it's job by replacing the div's content with the values from the php file.
The other was a mini version of the dinner bento box.) \n\nTo the reviewers who had poor sushi experiences, claiming the rolls are similar to the pre-packaged ones at the supermarket, and un-fresh: I urge you to try Musashi again.
\n\nThe only criticism I would have would be if you need something done with a truck topper.
So when I visited for July 4th, I had a friend take me to her favorite place.
Go to Nikko in South End for the Upscale experience and super expensive Sushi.\n\nI believe this is now the only place in Charlotte where you can order really good Bento Boxes and authentic Ramen Noodle bowls.
I think it's more Chicago-like than Rosati's (and better too).
Been here four times in two weeks
If it's magically fixed, what's different?
Disclaimer: I'm using Selenium's .NET bindings, not Java.
So i dont know what the deal is.
It's because all of the "values" specified are simple numbers or symbols ( ), and these are always interpreted as meaning "continue forever or until something else stops us".
The problem was not Nancy, it was which I removed.
After that hurdle you can look at (ironically) using a session variable to store if it's been viewed [output] and only dump it to the page once.
This is the sort of thing that, in general, you can't override.
It introduce the into the back-propagation training algorithm.
I asked the woman working the counter for suggestion.
Otherwise, it's probably going to be at least a 30 minute wait.\n\nHuge portions.
But when I accessed the file in the onCreate() method according the following code fragment, I found I can't get the file.
Right after checking in and going up to our room, I noticed it smelled like stale smoke (even though this is a non-smoking hotel).
EDIT: To answer your question I like to have anonymous for each widget.
If it does end up giving you fits over using localhost, there's always services like localtest.me , that can let you get around it.
So perl takes the next free handle for opening and the older one remains open.
EDIT Change your holder class to: don't write .
What's this, a fifth review of a hotdog stand?
here first alert fires and but second alert doesnt.
Capital is my go to Friday night spot!\n\nI love visiting Capital Brewery anytime of year.
The commands works perfectly and I can log in to the other account and see the files.
I don't get an error but I don't show any data received on the redis side either.
All I know is that the rest of her dish is now in my fridge which I will be enjoying later.
I think you should create a file that sets up the load path: You may need to add other dirs if the compiled shared object file ( or ) isn't placed in .
\n\nA few other items you'll find at this business: wreaths, terrariums, crafting books, beautiful stationery, and fun garland.
The only downside is that they only take cash...
Place your in folder and try Hope this will help
The steaks were phenomenal but again she reversed our temperature of cooking mine was the way my guest wanted his and his was the way I wanted mine.
Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
I guess your safest option consists of simply adding self.name at the beginning of dataReceived method: this will get rid of the error.
While the numbers that are nw strings are not seperated by a .
Next was the ahi tuna on this rice cake thing--- um....
Your best bet is to: Review all of the docs ( NetSuite SuiteAnswers ).
The job took less than two hours and the price was very reasonable.
From the strictly typed world of ActionScript 3 (which also uses a different inheritance mechanism), this property is thus not available.
I was pleased to finally find a place in Pittsburgh that's worth it for me to spend some money.
The only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient.
Remember to add the 2 characters from the directory name to the hash.
She laughed at me, and changed it to $6.65, so I could go on about my day.
First time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.
They bring their fish and seafood in fresh daily!
Everything works for this simple case (with localized strings).
I live here in Charlotte, so it's unusual that I would rent a car from the airport.
You cannot change line size for currently, so you have to modify the returned plot object(s), which are in the return value .
And then you can access it on the page postback:
The pump had to be replaced and the part needed to be ordered.
Is there a way to do this without using Strings?
When the weather is decent, dine outside on their back patio.
I was very pleased with the prices, but they only take CASH!
So that the data can be built lazily (without committing to read the whole response), ?
if a customer has a valid warranty status the price of selective product will be free.
Shaffer's office in the Park building (the corner of Fifth Ave.
Boy, when she told me she was going to really scrap my teeth, she really did scrap, and my teeth looked amazing.
EndKeys A list of zero or more keys, any one of which terminates the Input when pressed (the EndKey itself is not written to OutputVar).
We were served by Chef Jackie who I found to be friendly and informative.
Apply a time zone ( ) to get a .
Not sure about this new food service....
The beer selection is quite good, we all ordered some seasonals from various microbreweries.\nThey do have TVs, so you are able to catch a game and grab a bite if you are in the mood.
I have face the same issue before but I do not understand that why this occur.But I have solve it by declaring variable using $ sign instead of var.
Of course, we went with Potomac!
Now, when I add a new keyword, such as I get a error.
And take a look at point nr 2: According to the documentation: when "another activity comes in front of the activity", should be called.
available() returns 0 if there's no input immediately available, which tends to mean stdin is a terminal (but not always - this is a less accurate test)
Haven't faded much and haven't\nHad em touched up.
We walked by the bar on our way out - it was crowded with several groups of people standing around the bar.
Of course I immediately turned to Yelp for help and Kards Unlimited popped up to the top of the list as a place to find ornaments.
I am simply trying to produce plots with matplotlib but I get the infamous TclError: no display name and no $DISPLAY environment variable I tried this ; But I can't plot at all.
But There is a problem, when I click on (for example) second submit button to upload second fileupload's file(s), we will have a post back and other fileupload's file(s) will reset to empty.
So the new question is, how can we check if a browser supports this - ua`-sniffing is evil, I don't want to check for a particular browser...) Update2 It seems that this is a bug in webkit:
One final note - you should pass your records directly to constructor rather than calling for each item.
Definitely go here when you have the hankering for Chinese.
All of us at the table ordered something different and every serving was met with mmm's to near moaning so I think my entire party was pleased with their meal.
This is a force to be reckoned with.
is there any way to get the current state of video playing inside the .
I need to retrieve the a or of a specific (the is based from the user input).
For example: I have a column with header name: "Date".
Every bite had some ham, and spinach...so that was awesome!
What should I proceed to solve my issue?
Since this is in list form rather than as a distinct document you would process differently:
For an Italian-American, I eat a lot of Chinese food.
Of course it will be more than the American junk candy.
Also, it's another CASH ONLY spot so be sure to stock up or else they have an ATM on site.\n\nMy co-workers and I headed here for drinks one Friday.
In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I'm hungry on the weekends.
Will return.\n\noh, and I really mean he's a great guy beyond the generosity with the fish.
\n\nTo top it off, they often have rice pudding available to finish off the destruction of your blood sugar.
Great atmosphere, great date place, great bar, and great food!
Note: this code is working with jQuery v1.3.2 but not with v1.5.1
Here is some sample code: This should work if you provide your token with POS tokens separated by "_".
However, if a customer selects one of the products A, B or C, he/she can also select one of the products 1,2 or 3 for free (the customer will only be charged for product A, B or C).
You sound as though you are "rolling your own" authentication system.
Once the client has successfully started, type the name of the file you want to read from (ie: readfile1.txt) including the file extension.
\n\nIncredible hang out joint in the University City area.
There's a Culver's down the street that always has about five times the business as this place.
It must be something specific in my code, which I can't post.
I would love to design a web application for a guitar tablature editor.
Before I turned 21, they wouldn't let me come in to eat dinner at 8pm.
I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile, and I love that they are willing to let you try a new product before committing to the whole purchase.
It's kind of a do as you please atmosphere.
If you miss your hometown pizza, then this one will serve you well while away at school.
I would like to have this bold light font but I wonder what the most elegant way to do it is.
Read also Advanced Linux Programming , fifo(7) , credentials(7) , capabiities(7) , and about setuid .
Yelped for an establishment that is open late, and still serves food within a 2-mile radius from our hotel.
Using takes care of escaping any of the data, as needed in the context of HTML.
If you need to meet someone for a drink and just talk it out - this is the place.
I just created a new Blogger blog and successfully incorporated the Google+ comment using the Blogger built-in feature.
So, to answer your question, it's invalid HTML.
It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.
In AngularJS, how does $scope get passed to scope?
They greeted us as soon as we walked in and were very polite.
It looks small on the outside but it's gigantic on the inside.
An other example: My magic_function is something like Any help with the regex part?
And that soup is usually amazing.
You can call the original function from within your DLL as just , as the renaming of happens later.
There are two things you aught to keep in mind when trying to optimize network bandwidth.
I specify an invalid name because I want to write a negative test case.
If anyone has any ideas, I'd appreciated the help.
A must try if you are near by
This behaviour is machine dependant, the same file behaves correctly on other PCs.
EDIT FOR CLARIFICATION #1: I want to keep the HTML inside the tag.
I've visited Whole Foods locations around the country, but this Pittsburgh location is one of my favorites.
I had lunch at Ristorante Luce with an account manager of the consulting company I work for here in Charlotte (free lunches are great!).
What you'll be getting back is actually the class variable, also called .
linking a template function that itself uses ?
What i am looking for is examples how i would tell cassandra to use a certain keyspace strategy (consistently and/or application dependent).
s property, gif image moved to another step of an animation.
If you need to combine multiple conditions you will need to write the subquery yourself.
This is one of the most accommodating places I have ever had the pleasure of dining.
Of course, if I do, I can no longer access reallyImportantIvar , which is the key to my performance-critical task.
We need to grab the parent, but how do we do it?
Bogo tapas before 7pm was a draw.
Only then are you supposed to sit at a table.
Any help as where to go from here would be fantastic!
I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day, which happened to be gumbo.
This does not match the second if block.
I know I will be going again!
The only place where I can get my taco fix while I'm in Pittsburgh?
The coconut ice cream with the caramelized pineapple was the star.
They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!
I'm guessing you're trying to define cases of it for use, but you're going about it entirely wrong.
This is a local favorite for the guys at work.
It is a slice of Americana that doesn't exist much anymore.
In asp.net user controls, we can define asp:placeholders, and specify the content from aspx where user control lies.
The cave is located in the back of the left side.
The sweetness of the sauce was balanced by the saltiness of the olives they exuberantly provided on my pizza.
I need every mp3 song that exists in SD card and how to get ID3 info from loaded mp3 songs.
Has someone else faced this problem?
They keep the recent stuff pretty up to date too.
If your project is actually building then there may be some other problem going on.
I had a birthday dinner last week.
If my plug-ins work in Galileo will it work in the indigo?
Look into the for a canonical way of pooling threads in Java.
The chicken is pretty good.\nThis place I need to visit more to try other things on the menu.
Note that you get the AppSettings of the hosting application.
sort it' effort, it's a no brainer.\n\nPluses:\nI do love the Jetson styled moving walkway\nVarious faith based religious services available on Sunday\nCool rocking chairs strategically placed throughout and along concourse\n\nMinuses:\nI would love to see more charging stations\nMore adaptable jet bridges, walking on the tarmac is sooooo lame\n\nAll in all, this airport is pretty cool.
We had our nephew who lives in Japan come by to see how authentic it was.
I miss me a big ole' Murphy Burger with Bacon and Cheddar, hand cut fries and a Guinness.
The owners of Tessaro's do, which is part of the charm.\n\nIf you're in the mood for a tasty burger when you're in Bloomfield, you can't go wrong with Tessaro's.
It works the second time I click, but never the first.
So I have found the "silver bullet" that seems to resolve a great number of challenges regarding auto layout of prototype cells.
Even my youngest, who is hard to entertain, left the place praising it.
Luckily Washington DC is only around 8 hours away, so I believe that will be our next train voyage.
I recommend the lengua with their homemade hot sauce.
Seem to be that correlation works correctly and it is logical predictions in both cases.
Im sure none of these rides exist anymore but back in the day it was great.
My entree was spaghetti squash with mushroom wild rice and berries and limed artichokes.
I would prefer to use Qt C++ instead of Visual C++, though.
I came here with my family for a nice German time, plus I was craving for a schnitzel for months since I came from San Fran.
It's easy to pass the wrong state to an input function because you have to name each result and input explicitly to do the unpacking.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet.
I loved the Boars heads on the wall and the old western type feel to it.
We haven't been able to get away from the drawing power of the pumpkin pancakes yet.
But when you're on corporate account and/or just need to impress your lunch or dinner companions, it is very hard to go wrong here both in the wine and food departments.
Emma can check code coverage for: class, method, line, package, etc.
It was quick and easy, and definitely better than trying to fight people for product in the store.
There were honestly a lot of different ones I would have been more than happy with too!\n\nThe one thing I think is very cool and very different is that they offer you a different tea selections with the different tiers of food.
I had such issue under Win7x64
should I create an unit test for a string formatting that's supossed to be user-input?
Instead of only charging by the hour for about $40 a month you can go and shoot as much as you want with free range time so I have to pay for targets.
Expected Results: Previously created provisioning profiles and developer certificates should remain valid.
You'll find a diverse array of people dining here.
There was an issue with my check-in (they didn't have me on record), but they were accommodating.
You will feel transported to Germany (well, close enough) when you come up the drive for the quaint, authentic building.
Go ahead and order a drink at the bar (very good cocktails/martinis) and walk over to your table.
Not super heavy or cloying sweet.
You can get the hashtable as javascript object with this snippet: After that you will be able to access your data by value:
Is the hello world example standalone, simply just compiled/cross-compiled the same way any other application is?
We can only guess what you want to accomplish.
We rarely had refills and was slow to give is our checks and run our cards.
The place is expensive for what you get, they should pay more attention to the parts, master making them correctly before you try fusing it into another cuisine to cover up your mistakes.
The kind of thing that would normally be done with a ScrollView, but because I want the scrolled view to 'Snap' to the current button pages, a Gallery works better.
When I do chkconfig I see: If I look in the file in /etc/init.d/uwsgi the top of the file reads: Thank you for your help.
After 2 visits you have gotten your money's worth.
I like Maize, too, but I prefer El Charro.
I had to wait half an hour to get my hair cut.
Every dish was presented beautifully and tasted as good as it looked.
the service was attentive and the waitress was knowledgeable about the specials.
here it is the bottom one is a div:
You can get all your or values in a vector by typing .
First, here are some resources to set you on the right path: Make it easy on yourself by reading the docs and using the conventions of meteor.
Normally in a (Input type="text") i put: but in this case i dont know where put the value, could you help me please?
And also check the same in session in set file properties for the flat file target.
It's becoming a running joke in my family that I always ask for this for Christmas because it's such a great deal.
This place was courteous and the waitress was attentive but not overbearing.
The above code will work fine for first 100 frames.
This is the workflow: If DialogRequired => Dialog.Click = OK --> execute an ajax call If DialogRequired => Dialog.Click = Cancel --> do nothing If Dialog NOT Required => execute an ajax call This is how it goes: Gets called (=ok) : /Cart/ExistsInCart with parameter: product ID and returns true in jSon But the dialog isn't called and i can't seem to update it with firebug.
For the price we both left very full.
Also, I should note that the stores in Pittsburgh lack some atmosphere.
You should update your js appropriately.
Rails app using stripe for payments: can't transmit plan_id from app to stripe website I'm trying to integrate stripe into my app.
I frequented this place all the time when I was a student at UofI.
The view is swapped out by closing region: Swapping in the view: Deletion of a model is done by listening to the bubbled up event from itemView to collectionView (works, no issues here) I'd expect that this would be enough to ensure the the child itemViews in the collection view are removed/closed when a model is removed from the underlying days collection.
When reloading the project, the check boxes for "Sign" and "Delay Sign" are checked.
This will return true for "small" integers due to an internal cache maintained by Python, but two numbers with the same value will not return true if compared with in general.
Lucida Console font underscores not showing in input I am using the in my CSS.
The good chefs can do some pretty cool things with eggs and shrimp tails.
I visited a few, they all do good work, but the one that kept drawing me back was the ARL.
logstash add_field and remove_field I'm attempting to simplify my logstash config.
It's the little things in life people.\n\n2) Artisan bread.
Tessaro's has some of the finest burgers in the US.
\nThe wireless internet, on the other hand, was unnecessarily expensive ($15 per day?
OpenFST - A package for manipulating weighted finite state automata.
Right now, I have the following: Everything works well recv'ing the UDP data stream, creating the XML documents and I can see the XML being sent to the WebSocket but, I cannot retrieve the XML.
Remember: Premature optimization is evil- so get it working, then optimize all of the stuff!
Thanks for the help in advance!
T4 Code template trigger generation on: other file save / xml change (VS 2010) I have a t4 template, that loops over an xml file in the project and genrate the code.
The context processor is in the default .
Went to the download page but I can not understand what is the official version i.e.
The Cabernet reduction that they came DOUSED in was a bit too rich.
check ins are usually very quick.
As an added bonus, the paper towels in the bathroom were EXCELLENT--I felt so guilty wiping my hands on them and throwing them away.\n\nThe menu is a bit pricey, but I don't think I'm experienced enough to judge its price vs.
Nice place and I will go back.
I am so proud to call this place my Alma Mater.
\n\nSecond...the merchandise in here is pretty awesome.
Or if there is any other way to get Filter then do let me know.
I move all the available options from SelectBox1 to SelectBox2.
Delphi 10.1 Berlin android 5.0.1 app crash on TEdit focus I have a minimal firemonkey test app with one button and one TEdit control on form.
But Could The handlers Section in Web.Config be Related?
Our server was very nice and had a to-go box waiting for me before I had to ask.
I don't think this is possible with command line options.
The pastry was light and perfectly crisped.
Saag paneer is phenomenal for those interested in vegetarian options.
Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal, I was in my first trimester and the morning sickness was getting the best of me.
You might like to use a to store this data, and then manipulate it with slicing operations.
the bartender who was there when we went was great at recommendations for all different tastes.
If you do an "lsof" (terminal command) at that time, can you see which files are open?
I also prefer subbing in onion rings or fried mushrooms for fries.\nThe location is a little small, so it can get packed during the lunch hour, but even so there is usually a table open, or you can easily get your meal to go.\n\nIf you find yourself on campus and don't check this place out, you're doing yourself an enormous disservice.
I finally settled on one of the pictures as an example and she got to work.
I'm also very impressed with chefs that know how to cook a steak to order, every time.
The breast meat was very juicy.
Is setting the value of the prompt that is displayed export LC_ALL is settiing an environment variable that will be available to programmes that bash executes.
The bathroom is clean, one of the best I've seen.\n\nThe AC has a motion sensor which is annoying, I was able to get the staff to bypass it and I was able to get the temperature down to 60.
I have also tried making this change, and it does not solve my race issue.
I would prefer some way for each buffer passed between the driver and the app (through v4l2's mmap interface) contain a frame, plus some audio that matches up (with respect to time) with that frame.
Are you sure you are not making things too difficult for yourself by not just storing the negative values in the database directly or giving the "corrected" column a different name?
it's a great place to meet up with old friends, order greasy food, drink craft beer, and catch up in a relaxed setting.
The staff and managment are always friendly, remember your name( and favorite drink) and generally make it an enjoyable stop during your day.
\n\nNow, I can't sit in the bar area and not have a drink or two or three haha!
At $49 it was one of the more expensive entrees on the menu, yet is was a LOT smaller than my salmon (which was $33).
I’m just wondering if there’s a better way?
I appreciate this joint very much.
He treated us very well, and always remembers your name.
The Hough transform gives you equations of lines (ie infinitely long lines not segments).
However, there is a great little software which uses the automatic hinting of FreeType and embeds the data into the file, i.e.
Try using local storage in JavaScript.
When I tried to build the project I got the following error messages.
I would have posted pictures, but devoured everything before I could remember, lol.
The salmon also came resting on a generous bed of asparagus, onions, etc.
I want to divide the first part (before divide) with the second part.
Located next to the lobby area of Well Fargo 3, this little coffee shop is fantastic.
I've never had them deliver, always carried out.
I will be pleased if these ones can have a short look in my sources:
Okay, I think my issue was forgetting how multinomial regression works.
How to count all alphabetical characters in array?
Went there this past weekend with friends from out of town.
My client wants to do a beta test using TestFlight as well as submitting the app to the app store afterwards, through XCode and Itunes Connect .
That was my fault for ordering it, not theirs for making it.
You will get your daily dose of exercise and more.
Java has a pool of Integer constants between -128 and 128.
Maybe my pocketbook is safer that they don't.
The ginger dressing was a little runny then others I have enjoyed.
In PHP, if you make an array of objects, are the object methods (not data members) copied for each instance of the object in the array, or only once?
However, when I run a fresh built Bootstrap.exe over an already existing installation a duplicate entry appears in the Apps &amp; features and no file is changed in the app target location - contrary to the expectation that the same entry should remain in the Apps &amp; features and the target location should be updated.
Every resource I find about source control tells me not to put generated output files in a source control system.
The bartenders were friendly and the mood is more laid back and chill than other bars downtown.
She was fantastic and listened and gave me exactly what I wanted.
The little cookies were crisp and perfectly satisfying to wrap up a meal.
This is my favorite breakfast place.
They do, however, have a Bad Daddy's...
I know Google App Engine's datastore allows for owned and unowned relationships between entities.
The GF and I have done this for the last 2 years and love it.
Great old school diner with some tasty comfort food.
I was wondering, is it possible to enhance the speed of a page loading by decreasing the size of images within the page?
I check each story's revision history, and the number of revisions per story are 5, 5, 7 respectively, sum of which is equal to the total result count returned by the query.
Here is a working plunkr (without your images, obviously):
They have a great wine selection as well.
In other words it was tender and not dry at all.
All that I can say is WOWSA!!!!!!!!!
However, would recommend it as a place to check out if you are visiting Charlotte!
Several outlets available for free charging in the atria.\n\nSeating, carpet, fixtures all in good shape/well-maintained.
Converting time so it can used in a Integer I'm working on some code in VB that can get the average time from the speed of button press.
Huge scallop wrapped in crispy proscuitto bacon and cooked just for the right amount of time.
For example, Mozilla advises not to use the element before the class: In case of id's I tend to use it anyway though, purely for readability reasons.
But I'll echo what others have suggested in the comments: learning object-oriented programming properly is not something you're going to be able to do by asking a few Stack Overflow questions.
I wish Miguel's would come to Raleigh.
the code is: i guess the problem is that the window which gets the input(#'please select a batch file menue') is not open at the beginning and the first part of the code opens it but python looks for it from the beginning and cant find it.
The interior is hideous: bugly, dated paneling, linoleum and illumination by neon promo signs.
I expect that a newly minted would be in the non-signaled state, but off the top of my head I cannot remember that detail.
Never the less, its a great overall good airport.
Other than the Dragon book, are there any recommended texts that cover this subject matter?
Every merchants will have their own analytic statistic on the website control panel to view how is their store page performing, which product people view the most, and etc detail statistic info.
I recently bought a new vanity and was able to donate the cabinet portion (do check the website for specific requirements on donations).
I don't get it and I would really appreciate some help in creating flexible function in to save the data in database.
Toby's has one of the best fish fry's around which makes this place SUPER packed on Fridays.
Please write a different method to set the minutes to 0 if you are not constructing a Time object.
As others have said, Don's a great bartender too.\n\nCash only, 'natch.
for example i have a file in and i want to get ip of the user who enters this url to load the .
Post-duplication; Folder name: "John The Dog" Folder contents: "John The Dog-about.txt", "John The Dog-photo.jpg", "John The Dog-info.doc", etc.
A raw, triple quoted string should be the equivalent literal.
But I really miss sesame chicken, and I can get it at China Palace!
these miniature tarts are 85 cents of pure joy.
This is a great place to go if you're in the 'burgh.
\n\nI arrived an hour later and everything was ready and organized.
SQLBulkCopy is very much strict on data type of both the columns which you have to consider while adding it to ColumnMappings collection
When you go there you know what you are going to get; warm cheesy comfort food, that is definitely not mexican.
Their pork ribs are outstanding and I now crave the goat cheese and mascarpone appetizer.
What I now want to do is to build the app package with for example the buildType beta (gradle clean assembleBeta).
You've got a difficult task there.
I used the pain medication the first night, and then was able to switch to Advil the next day.
I dont eat pork or beef.
After searching for the solution on the web, I understand the problem and found that defining the 'preprocessor macros' AF_APP_EXTENSIONS can fix the problem.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
I get no compile errors, but when I run it it doesn't display the results.
I just moved to the area and was dreading the task of finding a new nail salon.
I've been going here for 9 years religiously.
I dropped my car off in the morning and it was finished that afternoon.
I think the best was when I got invited into a private box, but it's hard to get back outside after that.\n\nThe stadium also hosts college bowl games as well....
I've done everything I can in terms of gzip, minifying code etc.
If shutting down fast means that the user will lose some unfinished work then warn them about this and give them the opportunity to wait for the task to finish, but if they really want to quit your program then let them quit.
So much on the menu, I wish I could have tried more.
After speaking with them on the phone I was convinced this would be the place and promptly canceled another appointment so that I could schedule one with Anne Gregory instead.
Went there for a afternoon lunch on a Saturday.
Love the falafel, but I prefer tahini sauce, and these come with a yogurt mint sauce.
Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon.
As with most other locations I have visited, the staff is genuine and friendly.
Some guidelines for package design (mostly from Uncle Bob ) are for example: Packages should form reusable and releasable modules Packages should be focussed for good reusability Avoid cyclic dependencies between packages Packages should depend only on packages that change less often The abstraction of a package should be in proportion to how often it changes Do not try to flesh out an entire package structure from scratch (You Are Not Going To Need It).
For your example, the desuggared version would look like the following code snipped with the invokedynamic instruction in angle brackets: The boostrap method (which is actually located in ) is then asked to bind the call site on its first invocation.
Also, nothing is printed or echoed before the header.
let's just say I have a few that will not be my server again.
There are a few issues with your approach: It may under-count since you don't use a transaction to atomically update the counter.
The people who visited also seemed nice.
in the following screenshot I would like to duplicate the RedHorizontalArrangement layout as well as the label and the TextBox it contains.
The red cabbage was beautifully prepared.
It's two full weeks later and it looks like my pedicure is brand new (and before you ask, I actually used the exact same brand/color nail polish as my prior crap pedicure).
The Hummus wrap at Sub Station II is by far, hands down, the best hummus wrap in the area.
Although I still wouldn't consider it a good solution.
My only complaint is there wasn't enough Wakame for my likening.
I would highly recommend them for any of your dessert needs!
My application send some commands to livy as code, however, spark needs to initialize some variables(read some files, make some map&amp;reduce operations etc.) and this take time.
Now the problem I have is that server.php is getting the data, but when I return it and do after using , it shows nothing.
I have changed my rating to 4 stars.
\""This is the greatest night ever!\"" I shouted out to the dining area.
Perhaps create a new branch starting at the point at which your code diverges from that on the company server, then pull ranges of commits from your branch in stages and push after each range is pulled.
Pang, use The query string could contain the list of department ids.
I can't recommend her work more highly, and I am so happy with the addition they made to our special day.
I wish if I can add one option for dictionary there so that user can access dictionary either installed in phone or online one.
What is wrong with my code?
The simplest and best way to address this problem is using toggle().
Looking around I found the possibility to use which removes all pages from the Session (I don't know if the 1.4 version was removing all pages or just all versions of the page used to access the PageMap - which would be better for multi-tab support).
Next time we will try those when we dine in.
As a '70s Raiders fan Jack Lambert's missing teeth caused me much pain as did a certain Immaculate Reception by Franco Harris.
She gave great suggestions and my blow out was definitely runway pretty.
Also got a Tuscan herb infused olive oil from the enchanted olive.
Great old-school donut shop with delicious donuts.
The atmosphere is simple and tastefully done (unlike another restaurant in Oakland, cough cough).\n\nThe staff are courteous and accommodating.
I only see two options here.
Parking is tricky but I always find a spot..plus the location is on a nice strip with other stores and offices so parking further down the street is worth the stroll.
Way too much and really hard to get down.
Add the protocol ( or for example), then the handler knows what to do: Windows checks the file extension list, and that included protocols too.
I've even tried creating properties for them, but still the array returns (null) and then I also am running into memory management problems due to the retain while setting the property, and the init in the init method for the class.
Is there a way to specify this in the same way that I specify a field terminator, or do I have to rely on one of the serdes?
Smoked a Monte Open Eagle, ate a great filet mignon and enjoyed local beer.
It works fine when I run it without using compressed file bz2 and directly passing it the text file Data/data.txt i.e uploading it to MySort/input in hdfs (hadoop fs -put Data/data.txt MySort/input).
can i use android aide for learning java Ok so this time I will make it more specific.
I am used to PHPUnit, so I found RSpec to be inferior when it comes to showing what has gone wrong, where and why.
You can use objectIDs and/or fetched relationships to form pseudo-relationships across stores.
It is a pretty easy place to find as it is right on Liberty but I was a bit disappointed whenever I walked inside.
But as I said I'm not satisfied even thow it's working.
I can now finally go here and just grab an app' at the bar without having the customary food coma afterwards after his multicourse feast.
Am I correct with the above assumptions?
Create a new session as a copy of another on Livy I use livy to use Spark as a service.
I also had to bump up the width of the child 20px for it to fill properly.
Right now I have created a program to compile the given list of programs iteratively.
Based on my comments above, below is a workaround.
I used to frequent this place much more when I lived in Pittsburgh, but I still make an effort to come back a few times a year for the ambience.
My only negative observation in question was that the stove unit could have used an additional wipe down.
Then have ajax call the client which calls the server.
Are you already doing logging, and would you simply be adding the IP address in to your existing log entries?
However, since I don't know what will be the width of "name", I can't position it statically, nor do I have any idea how to do this using javascript (or is there another way?) I can't add it as part of the thead, since I'm using some black box javascript for sorting, and it requires this format.
For those of you who are like me (from Oregon where I guess NO pizza is good), this pizza was hot crust, sauce, and minimal melted cheese, with fresh cold mozzarella piled HIGH on top.
Use Parameterized Plugin and pass SVN revision to the down stream project.
Tested a new container of that image, everything works fine, Oracle services etc.
Two notes: such more complex query conditions cannot be written using symbols, you have to use string notation instead.
Go ahead, tip them, hit the Body Shop & have a drink!
Also, you can access the element value.
Your framework might have a default helper function which uses php's rawurlencode() function by default too.
this trick may help you on getting the scrollbar width for any browser, you can use it as a function: and if you're woried about leaving the white space if the scrollbar isn't showing, you can force it with css:
Since I am new at this, I decided to start with the easiest one first.
I tested it on Windows XP (32-bit) and Windows 7 (64-bit).
For example, the Empire State Building which is one of the main attractions in Manhattan is not on this list, but some random little coffee shop Everyman Espresso is.
I never felt rushed to make a decision-- and believe me when it came down to deciding between two dresses it took me awhile!
I like this place way better than Pamelas, which, apart from the strawberry crepes, doesn't really do it for me.
Great consistent quality of food & service.
Each review would then contain a certain number of results including the beforementioned final score (and some intermediate sub-scores as well).
In another way of interpreting the problem, you can say you have a definition of C if you have a characteristic function, but that's just F.
The Graham Street Tofu sandwich and soup were very good but the shampoo soda was interesting to say the least and wouldn't order it again.
Ask for a little balsamic on the side and you can literally make a meal out of this in itself!
The mussels with diablo sauce was also excellent.
There is no fixed pattern in my emails to which I want to reply such as a particular subject or sender.
$3.50 was a bit much for this six inch boat shaped brownie but, the rest of their cakes and cookies were reasonably priced.
This looks like a case of duplicate attributes in the file.
That way you present an end user with the data but they have the option of expanding it to see more if they want.
You can extract foder to local storage.
Try this: And now, use ;
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Additionally, I have the products 1, 2, 3.
Usually a poor excuse for restaurants to make money.
There are several ways to write a mod_write rule for self routing.
Send by mail a query result with a job in SQL Server I'm trying to send an email by a SQL Server job with the result of a query.
I'll definitely return (for take out only).
If you don't smoke, you can hang out at the add on but it's not as fun as the bar area.
WebService (WS) POST in Play 2.0 - Scala When I try to pass a Map to a post, I get this error: Cannot write an instance of scala.collection.immutable.Map[java.lang.String,java.lang.String] to HTTP response.
Key Features: supports statement coverage and branch coverage, very fast tool, simple to use, provides better code quality, supports 32 &amp; 64-bit OS, auto upgrade and update notifications for new service License: Floating License Latest Version: NCover 4.5.2745.646 Tool for: .Net programs Download NCover Emma is a free and open source code coverage tool.
My hunch, (In part fed by this article ,) is that this is due to fragmentation of memory slowing the app down, but I'm not sure.
There is an alternative way, which is performing requests to the Web API instead.
There are enough to accommodate and the line went surprisingly fast.
\n\nThe Meatloaf is called the \""Meatloaf of the Gods,\"" and it truly is.
It isn't for everyone, but then again, I tried living up north and that wasn't for me.
Yinzes say it's pricey but I disagree, the quality is hard to find period.
\n\nLines move pretty quick for bathrooms, food and beer.
This is a place where legends train and are made.
The highlight was the onion rings.
\n\nMama Ricotta's has been around for a while-vacillating between standard and pretty good Italian food.
My closest sushi is complemented by a neighborhood friendliness in the staff that makes the environment a great meal.\n\nI've never received an order of sushi from the chef, in either take-out or at the bar service that wasn't followed up with friendly care and conversation.
I chose this restaurant based off its Yelp reviews.
You're not specific in terms of libraries you use.
I believe this was fixed - the stack walk code had to keep on being rewritten due to erraticness of compilers, distros and 32 vs 64 bit kernels.
The idea would be to have all the function guards disabled by default, but they could be enabled automagically in a whole file simply by adding a line such as at the top of the file.
They also have a wonderful honey dijon for the chicken gyros.
He said that it was all cooked well and the bacon was thick cut and cooked to just the right crispness.
Be polite and get good service.\n\nI don't think Madison's foodies would give this place four stars.
My entree was seared tuna, and I can tell you I have never had a better prepared piece of (cooked) tuna.
Protocol buffers does not include RPC (remote procedure call) but can be used to send data over a variety of transport mechanisms.
I can't wait to go back and get it again.\n\nMy friend got blackened Cat fish.
To use the pointers for indexing into the 2-d array, the compiler would need to be aware of the size of the last dimension(s) of the array.
Therefore, any further assumption is meaningless and left to the single case.
I'm a bit confused with , , and .
I deleted that and changed it to manufacturer_id and it imports correctly.
The wall mentioned some other baked goods as you walk in like scones, but those are no longer available.
It's attached to a hotel and is pretty fancy and on the pricey side, but I'm guessing they have a certain type of guest they go after.
My company is using Amazon EC2 now and I am down at the PDC watching the details on Azure unfold.
If that doesn't work, please edit your question to include the output of , which should give you the clue anyway.
David's normally doesn't carry anything in my size but the ladies here heard me out and understood that I had spoken to the bride and had gotten the okay to get a dress other than the one she had registered us for.
Unfortunately it seems to be an abandoned project.
For example: In this way, whenever code refers to , it is acting on the current of the .
WP7 - Back Button without Navigation Service Is it possible to some how capture the Back Button Event without using the Navigation Service?
It would be a great place to study, read, or visit with friends.\n\nYou should expect to wait a few minutes for your drink, but it is well worth it :-)
Close seconds were the ceviche, raw oysters, calamari, and tuna sashimi.\n\nTwo in our party ordered steaks (what??), but fish was the main reason to be there.
I mean, it has to be good, but it doesn't have be gourmet poutine, if you know what I'm sayin'?
Friendly staff and restaurant seemed well kept up inside (a bit cluttered but I think they do mostly take out and delivery so ambiance is not what you are looking for).
Internet access was free and there was a desk in the room.
Lunches are generally busy, but I've rarely had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.\n\nThe dinner menu is much more expensive than lunch and the atmosphere changes...it's almost like two different restaurants.
Given what I was wearing and since I was alone, that made perfect sense to me.
My target is API 23 I have defined in my manifest and here is my code which i call inside the onMenuItemClick And here is my onRequestPermissionsResult Aditionally I defined
Your question is not clear, create a JsFiddle.
I am not sure about the bootsrap, But here is the generic way of approach to solve your problem.
Once you've understood how it works it's simple enough.
We can use array, and store row numbers inside.
$5 for a tour, with a good amount of samples and a free glass.
\n\nI would definitely recommend getting the beer sampler, awesome deal and a great way to try all of their German beers without going overboard.
Can't believe how smooth and fast everything went.
Domestic beer is usually like $3.
Though this is usually the default (even with BeanItemContainers, so I'm surprised you aren't seeing that behaviour automatically.
OpenGL does not draw as expected I am currently working my way through the current OpenGL Programming Guide, Version 4.3.
\n\nThey also GIVE out free Sunday papers.
I updated my php to 5.5.7 today and since then, I am getting the I setup the default timezone in my php.ini To be sure that this is the good php.ini, I was checking with And the path I ma getting there is the one I am modifying: But in there, I see the Which is strange.
After living in Seattle and going to a number of amazing diners, I was thrilled to find Tom's.
It was also on Food Network, and man times reviewed here at Yelp.
My husband took me here in our very first date (7years ago) and every year we make a visit.
I wish I'd ordered the oyster sandwich, but next time.
I'm not sure if I have used parser the right way.
You have to start by acquiring synchronization on the wait variable, e.g.
Try this And here is the full documentation .
They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs.
But what the main collection lacks in cachet, it makes up for with its outstanding curators.
Here are a few things I suggest to make your experience supremely successful:\n\n1.
Screw all those other places, they're inferior and probably cost way more.\n\nThe green curry is my favorite thing, but the yellow curry is pretty good.
Salty, warm, chewy, soft pretzel with melty, melty cheese.
you can use mask array: However, I think this maybe not what you want.
with over 90 chandeliers, and original mirrors and marble in the Grand Lobby.\n\nMy only word of caution, the seats in the upper balconies are extremely tight giving taller people very little leg room.
So was the code below working before or am I doing something wrong?
\n\nI definitely suggest trying the Wasabi Tobiko ($4 per piece).
But there is one particular PC that does not display the webpage properly.
It's in a terrific area with lots of great shopping and dining options.
I had them cater my wedding, had the Pig up and Go package delivered and set up.
Not sure if it is also in the new version of the demo database - but then you may just need to find an older version (e.g.
The waiter had sold the bleu cheese as a cream base infused with pepper and garlic.
I'm supposed to download a table from MS-SQL server.
Every summer, I get obsessed with a particular activity (last summer, it was enamelworking).
Besides they carry some really great things you can't get at those big box stores.
Calling the current_location method inside an object will resolve to the boolean value of current_location (provided your controller is saving it correctly) so change the code to: EDIT: Sorry just realised that this is in a helper and not the model, :current_location and current_location should both be undefined in your helper, you would need to pass that logic in (or I would put the if block inside the model and then call geocode_by_ip_address with the if block removed from there)
I've never had a bad side dish, but I've only really been impressed by the fried biscuits.
We will be back if ever in Dormont
I want to handle this properly but couldn't find any information.
I've taken my kids there for lab work and the clinic personnel are always very nice and professional.
when there is a relationship between two entities and you expect to use it, use JPA relationship annotations.
Only an array with the ids of the elements.
just modify this query as per your table name and structure and see..
the rooms are more like a boutique hotel with mid century modern kind of look and feel.
We didnt find the place to be dirty when we came.
I working on new client software to interact with this database and I need to invoke these stored procedures using OCI.
Im not much of a breakfast person so I wasnt overly impressed with it.
The ravioli however were perfect And the flavor profiles on all the dishes were spot on\n\nThe reason I gave a five star review on 3 to 4 star food was the service.
on the emulator it shows everything just fine, but on my note10.1 it just sits on the screen, doing nothing.
From the parking lot, I was able to walk right to the conference room they had for us.
I stumbled upon this question after searching for a similar thing.
It conveniently located near CLT airport and the nearby hotels.
Another simpler option is to use PostgreSQL's partitioning with table inheritance and work on Tableau as a single table.
The jalapeno cheddar is fake nacho cheese and pickled jalapenos on top - NOT what we expected and not what we'd get again but still very good.\n\nService is good 4/5 times.
The easiest thing to see is that they have won a ton of awards which are hanging up on the back wall.
Is there any way to embed .pdb into assembly?
The pizza sauce was a bit tart for me.
You may be able to find something that builds on socket and is easier to use.
How to read a text file from the root folder and display it in div?
Google Analitics : Send PageViews or Event with PHP I have an website who already use Google Analytics, but it' didn't send page view for Ajax action (a Dynamical search engine for exemple) i don't find an API to send it with PHP by server.
In terms of existing configuration management systems, two commercial players are HP Opsware, and EMC Voyence.
It's my sandwich every time I go now.
I want to see the request that my application server sends to mongo (the queries in the mongo syntax).
\n\nThe corn chowder was also very tastey...
What returns is an array of all the matching groups, so grabs the first group into $tmp.
Are there any drawbacks to extending the array.Prototype?
I sincerely hope this was a fluke and they bring back the old buffalo chicken sandwich.......please!
They include integer promotion , which converts all values to if all values of their type can be represented as an .
This answer is based upon what you mentioned in the question when no code snippet was provided and quetion was...
I was traveling alone, and the experience was phenomenal.
Great food a staff that knows the food and menu.
In general, to run a project, simply select the correct project/kit/build/run from the selector (see screenshot) and then press the big green play symbol.
Java interfaces cannot be instantiated, the programmer has to specify what implementation of the interface he wants to instantiate.
In Python 2 there is no way to assign to from inside .
Have you setup your cancelbutton property ??
The fact that I wrote several methods (instead of classes) and just a few classes, can that be a problem with UML?
The peshawar nann was something I never had before.
The problem is as others in the comments mentioned, that your javascript resource is not precompiled.
Filled out 2 pages of paperwork and scheduled to pick up the cat 2 days later after a medical checkup.
Most of the answers here I don't think are really going to wow anyone, especially a tech crowd.
streaming video from iphone to server programatically I need to implement iphone video streaming to server.
Also, tuck your cart in a corner and walk the aisles instead trying to push the cumbersome thing around.
After reading other positive reviews about Sarah here on Yelp, I decided to book with her.
With a little bit of work you can write a reusable which you can control from your JSF page.
How to create text file in given directory in iphone and android can you please tell me hoe to create text file in given given directory .I need write on that text file .and read the text from that text file.
But honestly I don't go to the Jet Room for the food.
For $22, I had a mimosa; cheese, fruit, and baguette slices; a waffle with berries and whipped cream; two pieces of bacon; and a muffin, scone, and biscuit with honey butter from the bread basket.
How to count households from each postcode in the database I made an er diagram for a business and based on which I need to run a query for counting household from each postcode.
Check the following: 1- Your threading configuration (maxThreads and acceptCount).
That will catch numerous errors early.
Anyone knows what is the problem?
check number of child of current category magento in magento ,check number of sub category of current category in category page $subcats = $cat->getChildren(); by using this code we have get chil category but we want to check number of sub category of current category in magento
So fluffy, so delicious and gut-busting.
Connection R to Cassandra using RCassandra I have an instance of Cassandra running on my localhost.
My hook was only $9 and I saved so much money going here opposed to somewhere else.
However, i would also like to use this template for an ajax get.
\n\nWhat I like about this place is that it's bright, pretty clean, and the attendant is very friendly.
Maybe even another simple way to move the mouse to the top left corner as I am still very inexperienced.
You have to decode the buffer.
Adding a border around the first row in a table (and other styling)?
EDIT2: Standard says: The hexadecimal digits that follow the backslash and the letter x in a hexadecimal escape sequence are taken to be part of the construction of a single character for an integer character constant or of a single wide character for a wide character constant.
When you click on the button to advance the slides it runs this code....
The analogue in dplyr is Strangely, this only works if is a data.table.
Tried the Piccolo Gusto: $15 gets you a small choice of salad, a half sandwich and a half portion of a pasta or risotto.
\n\nOverall I'd absolutely stay there again.
Door is a bit unexpected, but not hidden.
I like quality, but I also like a good price and I got both at Stamoolis.
Main changes: - replaced to allow a as the integer part - replace to allow a comma as a decimal separator.
The option of running the service through VS and then adding a reference does not exist (won't allow to add service reference when running), so the only solutions I've found are: Use svcutil manually (works though) run the service.exe manually (as admin), and then point to it's end point.
French toast is unique and excellent, and the breakfast special is exactly what it is supposed to be - eggs, sausage (or bacon), toast, American potatoes, and coffee, and prepared how you like it.\n\nEverything including a milk for the daughter is $20 with tip.\n\n\n\nService is awesome - everyone is super-friendly.\n\n1/2 star reserved for the inconvenience of not accepting credit/debit cards - that would make this place 5 stars!
I have tried to do: and that doesn't work either.
The menu sounds promising, though.\n\nI like the open style of the kitchen area, always curious to see what folks are up to in there.
Assuming that all processing methods have no return value, one possible way is by creating a method that accept parameter.
I would also advise separating out UI-related code, such as calls to , other UI elements and ; from the code you wish to test.
I had the homemade beans and Mac and cheese, both were delicious!
If you have associative array than You can use php built in function .
Unfortunately, the folks at One Voice Chorus didn't have the ticket areas (admission, drinks, etc) clearly marked, so that was a bit confusing.
A url like /static/css/styles.css returns a 404.
As if this place needs another glowing review!\n\nWhen I first moved to Pittsburgh, a local clued me in to the wonders of D's.
I wish they had a tent with seating.
I found the selection of books to be helpful and spanned a wide range of interest.
New video boards and a sound system for 2014.
I kind wish they let me fill my own tacos, but it isn't really practical since they generally have a line on the weekends.
This saved me a lot of money, as the factory store does not accept returns.\n\nI currently live in DC and I still get my tailoring done here while I'm in town.\n\nIn contrast, I paid a bit less at an Asian tailor that shall remain nameless down Park Road, but found that my pants still did not fit after tailoring.
As far as I know, this place is the only restaurant in the Charlotte area with authentic ramen noodle soups.\n-It seems they make their own tonkatsu sauce.
But since form is resizable, the grid and ListView is also resizable.
Can I simply use For some reason a string that I know is null, is failing this statement.
I'm also created get set property called placeDistance in class Result that provided API items result.
I highly recommend.\n\nDo yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava from the counter on your way out as well!
I need to leave the ISerializable attribute on there because it is being used else where is some older code.
No error but No data received Below is my script which inserts data from a csv located on one server into Redis on another server.
for example, besides getter and setter, what else non-static methods should be declared as public?
They typically have a few different ones to choose from.
Most of them were pretty close on price.
I also love that it's next to Absolutely Art.
We sat by the fireplace and enjoyed Harp on tap and sandwiches.
Ive noticed that when clicking on the header title for the categories that the menu doesn't compress so its just for show apparently.
Light it on fire, put it out!
At that point we were not ready.
\n\nGood food, good service & good atmosphere.
So even if there isn't much difference for your use case between putting it there and putting nothing there, it still adds value for an API author to specify what operations are able to be included in a transaction, as opposed to operations that perhaps call an external system that does not participate in transactions.
FYI: the Windows application calls and each critical thread is started with .
However, when I did a search for -lfreetype I found it in the following directory.
I was like what's wrong and he was like, \""Geez, this is awesome!\"" I had the whiting, which was perfectly seasoned.
Everything was really fresh and made with care.
However, I don't see that as a downside, since if you're looking for something lighter and/or vegetarian, you're not going to go to a steakhouse, anyways.
Needs more registers in the mornings.
The patrons know each other, the bartenders know the patrons, and if you are a stranger to the place they will get to know you too.
This is a more tricky technique and I dont know whats the easy way to do this.
I enjoy this TJ Maxx location.
In order to use that in a query you must use .
Right now I'm thinking twice about making the full site secure b/c if I keep it this way will mixed content warnings appear for every page that has a link to an external site, or an image from an external site?
for milestone 4.5 where I saw this).
If I understand your question correctly, this should produce the output you want: A does exactly what it says it does - it selects the data, but doesn't actually alter it's content.
Here's what I would do with what you've given
As this can't contain any duplicate item, its size will give you the answer.
These are the commands used to gain the *AT*tention of a modem and cause it to interact with the phone system and/or computer (to test, read, set and execute commands).
The format file is describing the source data not the destination.
adding stuff to @theatlasroom answer, it can be called grouping , basically you are adding +1 to a value coming from myName.length without breaking things before or after it.
Probably the most secure so far is ) simply because it does not even run the code on the server, but on the client!
AttributeError: 'int' object has no attribute 'rindex' Setup I'm using Scrapy 0.24.4 and Scrapy-ElasticSearch 0.5 to scrape a website and store the results in an elasticsearch instance I have running.
Everyone is so nice, tons of different beers to choose from, including a mix your own 6 pack deal and, just 3 words, Mason Dixon Dog!
Great service, great food, great drinks.
but my restart dosent work every time..
Been going here for years, and will continue...I agree with some of the others, you will either love it or hate it..
The conference rooms are also on two separate floors adjacent to the lobby- great for easy access and they have separate elevator service that runs straight down into the parking garage.\n\nThe restaurant downstairs does a really mean breakfast buffet and their lunch menu is far from an after-thought- tasty grilled flatbreads.\n\nThe rooms are what you expect in any newer Westin- heavenly bed with mainly modern style furniture- clean lines and neutral earth tone colors.
\n\nOrdered a couple of bottled beers.
I found out about this place from a friend who said that the guy who runs it is awesome, and the person getting his hair cut before I arrived was busy in good conversation when I arrived.\n\nAnyways, the hair cut was nice, what I wanted, quick, and $14, so not bad.
So I'm guessing the gearman server would run on the main webapp dyno and then the gearman workerapi would run on separate heroku workers, along with the php code that should do the work.
Where could I start if I wanted even simple 1 sentence descriptions to be automated.
the result of an is internally represented as a float.
My friend and I headed to Harper's for a quick dinner before catching a movie at Phillip's Place.
Note: this will throw a at runtime if it is not available.
The simplest way I know is to use property in event of button.
I could think of This should just work fine.
To find the object, run to get a list of all objects sorted by last modified time.
Even though it's a small place it's worth it to go to that lightly crispy crust something you don't get when it sit's in a box waiting for you to pick it up.
The paraffin (no extra charge), large massage chair, very attentive and detailed pedicure, affordable pricing and the exceptionally friendly service made the experience 5 stars!
I was going to this restaurant based on what people said on yelp and I wasn't disappointed!
Such a unique piece of sushi, and one of the reasons I've been counting down the days until my next visit to Umi.
The sauces perfectly complement the fish.
Oh, it was just the bee's knee's.
NCover is a .Net tool for code coverage checking for .Net programs.
\n\nThis is definitely a better gym for bouldering than top roping.
And martinis are my drink of choice.
Is this check needed for all implementations of Map?
Potomac has yummy pastries at a good price.
We started out with an appetizer of tempura shrimp which was excellent and tasty.
Instead of checking the empty value it's better to check the length of the content
But to be honest, the \""jerked\"" foods I've made at home were a lot better then the stuff I had eaten out.\n\nI figured I just didn't like Jamaican food all that much...
The bread they bring you before the meal is great along with a nice fresh salad!
Firstly the form you need: Then this code processes you data from the form: Code edited from www.about.com
This is pretty much an enchilada soup with crab meat in it.
regarding your edit, you cannot "cast" a string value to a long value.
Android Google Map V2 - "unfortunately App has stopped" I'm trying to display google map on my android app when user click on a button.
I am iterating through a garments collection and searching whether any of the garments price is greater than $1000 or not.
Then your client you can call them separately.
It looks like its using CommonJS to compile the templates and put them in the script file instead of just referencing them from the server.
They also don't let you take the wings home that you don't finish.
Here's another solution, which is not as efficient but I'll show it to explain why you got the error: You can't use column aliases in the clause, because expressions in the clause are evaluated before the expressions in the select-list.
Currnetly it display number in round box.
And we sat next to a friendly lady sipping a beer in a Pilsner glass thru a straw; that's a first.
This error happens because you are persisting a new object attached to an object that already exist.
In any case, they'll have it new and improved and fully stocked in the next few weeks.
It's pricey, but worth it if you're celebrating a special occasion.
She also got an Egg Roll.
I wasn't thrilled.\n\nMy husband got the penne with tomato vodka sauce and some turkey meatballs.
example Code: 02-001 Combobox: Provider X if i change the code the provider combobox must change and if i change the provider combobox the code should change!..
The first one is faster because vector rendering mathematics are required to fill your shape in the latter.
Al these my operations working beautifully with thales HSM simulator.
But I doubt this is the correct way to do it?
import javax.swing.JPanel; class WavPanel extends JPanel { ................................................................
Not just because it is basically the only German restaurant in the area, but because it is also very, VERY good.
There are other systems such as SQLite, but they do not have this type of architecture and are not really designed for this type of workload.
The man working the counter acknowledged us from the moment we walked through the door and was nothing but kind.
Seeing a presentation is a must (the trip would have not been as good without it).
I don't want to have different functions doing the same thing, so I want to use one function for all body parts.
I am fetching the top first line with unix pipe head command.
Roll up all of these and keeping it in tact so when the slicing begins, all of the innerds remain in tact.
Oozing with buttery cheesy goodness and a touch of the topping that had baked up brown and I may as well have died and gone to heaven.\n\nOf course I could not finish all the food.
$75 ticket gets you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hours.
You're player now cannot move, because any direction the player tries to move is an "invalid" move, because he'll be touching that tile.
Rooms are small-ish, but the location is totally worth it.
Each element in A is a triple, and each element in B is just an number.
From the decadent lobster bisque soup to the crunchy, earthy goodness of truffled french fries, you simply can't stay within a reasonable calorie count for a proper meal here.
The receptionist could use a little bit of an attitude adjustment - I swear she sighed and rolled her eyes at me when I said I didn't want my receipt.
I cannot recommend this place enough; try it and I bet you agree.
The pretzel rolls that came gratis were excellent, and would have been worth an app price if served with a good beer cheese.
The general usage is to just cut and paste a snippet into the body of your pages and you'll get the injecting/reloading support.
Darren and I shared an Oreo brownie.
Permanent network settings are stored in various files in and .
Great salsa, fresh tortilla chips, friendly owners and staff.
Well, for starters you'd have to avoid the client's navigation cache (often a back/forward doesn't actually pull the page back down).
Only gripe is, I asked for no crumbled bleu cheese, and it came out with it.
Like this Westin better than any I've stayed in.
Next thing you know, the chef scrapes the table, cleans it, and bids you good night.\n\nThe food is usually excellent, they have perfect seafood and ginger sauces to complement the natural flavors, and they keep your drinks/water glasses full.\n\nGreat food, great time, and a reasonable price.
That's invalid HTML, values must be unique in the document.
\n\nAnyway, the beans in the burrito were fresh and cooked perfectly, and the rice was also plump and lightly spiced.
Since I am interested in contributors who have donated more than once, I have decided to try to limit the size of the dataset like that.
Quotes & escaping in Javascript is there a smart way in js to insert mixedsingle and double quotes, like python """string""" syntax?
Busse's is very much a typical neighborhood tavern, with cheap drinks (cheapest in the city that I've found) and nice down to earth people.
Here is what I did ( in javascript file controller): and in html file: This does not work.
Be sure to check out their specials on their awesome website!
Example: A string containing these words (and many more) ...
Great place to watch a game.
The eggs were good too, I don't want to leave them out, but what egg is going to win again the battle of pancakes v eggs?\n\nBreakfast Breakdown,\n\nThe Food: Delicious!\nThe Value: I believe my two egg combo was $7.99.
On my site its not working and seems I am missing some files.
Food - odd the way they put things together, you would think it would taste nasty but actually it's awesome...
Try to define a Writeable[scala.collection.immutable.Map[java.lang.String,java.lang.String]] Here is my post example: What is happening?
Unfortunaly the app gives an exception: java.lang.NullPointerException: Attempt to write to field 'int android.view.ViewGroup$LayoutParams.height' on a null object reference I have no idea, why.
But for some odd reason, it appear to randomly stop, even if the tag and number isn't unique, with no error messages, and I have no idea what causes it.
With just the right amount of balsalmic spread throughout the wrap, this was very tasty.
Imagine the following code which connects to a PHP file by AJAX.
There seem to be spaces in the file path:
I am obsessed with the nut grinders, which allow you to make your own fresh almond or peanut butter (akin to the coffee grinders you find in most groceries).\n\nWhile products seem expensive compared to the standard Midwestern grocery store, you'll likely satisfy every flavor of \""alternative\"" food fad: local, organic, sustainable, gourmet, vegetarian/vegan/gluten-free, fair trade, etc.
You can do all the work in the executing threads of the thread pools using an AtomicInteger to monitor the number of runnables executed You can also store the returned Future's in a List and on them to await completion (among other mechanisms)
The problem is that it prevent correct build of project depending on dlls compiled using CMake...
Our tub wouldn't drain like it was a bit clogged.
In the callback for the tree selection I do the following: The issue I am running into is that even though I set enabled to true on copyAction the menu items do not become enabled.
Location is in a business park area so it is quiet.
User Frosting) rather than multiple users across their own secure areas Does such a template/framework exist?
The martini is made of chilled espresso, vanilla vodka and Kahlua coffee liqueur.
So drag it out of the closet!
i want to perform a SQL UPDATE query when users click the anchor tag, how can i do that without reloading the page?
There is also a great Power Flow yoga class offered on Wednesdays (included with the price of admission).\n\nSecond location coming to the SouthEnd in 2015!
I've done some database work before, but it's generally just been whatever works.
But it would be great if there is already another option(suggestion) available that i can compare the results with.
If you did that, you could, like most people, be happy and stop.
It might be trying to attach the event before the element is ready.
There are thee ways to get a message pump on a thread: Call Application.Run Call Form.ShowModalDialog Call Application.DoEvents in a loop
The lookahead can be enhanced to disallow -like input: See another demo .
It was on crazy sale, too.
Security is rarely super bad, and if it is, you can hoof it down to either A or E concourses and usually get right in.
But when I start the program it is taking only the last time I made (the last function).
We have a working installation and things work as expected.
You need to add your '"' to the output of the following code:
This query will delete all the rows older than 3 years and push them into the dataflow.
She is very knowledgeable and willing to help me out.
Magento-Debug to navigate Magento's modules and layouts:
The response of the WCF service will contain additional data that has to be updated in the SQL table again.
Remove that, it will be put where you use .
You can do this through Java via fabric8 's Kubernetes Java client .
How can I add the missing architecture to the following file?
I sat there for he next 4 hours looking around at one of he coolest places you old choose to get ink done.
He's a really friendly guy and gives a great haircut, but I'd like to meet Dick at least once.\n\nContrary to the other review posted, my experience has been that you need an appointment any time you want to get a trim.
Much better than looking for street parking and walking for blocks.
That's where it most belongs, and you'll likely have richer programming languages to implement that logic.
That is why throws a null exception
We haven't chatted on Skype in ages!\n\nKisses,\nJoe
The properties in core-site.xml are properties in mapred-site.xml are This is my Code These are all commandsput together in a makefile Command: Here is the output: I have also tried using this: It is successfull in creating compressed files and then running this: It still doesn't work .
Once a payment is processed the NextDueDate and PaymentsRemaining fields are updated so that at any given time there is only one record representing all future payments for a given payment plan.
But the second quote then states that is called when another activity is about to start resuming.
I have not found it in the manual .
There isn't yet tooling to generate the transform files in the IDE, but you can copy one of the existing transform files (e.g.
Some of the bars looked incredible - some were priced at $15 or more, which totally blew my mind.
Have always had superior meals here.
Delivery is also pretty nice, although I've had trouble on occasion getting my order through clearly via the telephone.
They were so accommodating and really really helped me out during a hard time.
Their bean salad as a side option is Delish.
The pizza tasted great, was at a good temperature and had that good amount of grease that I was anticipating from a downtown pizza shop.
ember adapter url - find by id pattern - nested api resources I've got an api with specific url structure.
May i check if anyone has used one over another and why, or if anyone has used both together?
user-inactivity auto logout I want to implement an auto user logout after an idle time of X mins in my project.
Also, it is nice how they cook the food in front of you.
The man never announced the departure, just began leading this line onto the train.
Vagrant is not picking up laravel/homestead box I've downloaded the homestead box manually because of much slow downloading via terminal.
the whole thing can be changed to something like this for better readability...
The breaking changes I had identified in 4.2.1 at the time were about the query filter, not rendering or layout...
\n\nABD Mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fears I may have had.
Here's how So if it works with it should work with .
With a layout as shown in the example and the range in Sheet1 named should show in ColumnC the value from the Sheet1 cell immediately to the right of the value as specified in (of Sheet2).
I strongly recommend that; if you cannot, omit the first only.
Normal tweets are showing up however...
Take for example: At the interesting points in the code, referring to myVar will refer to the local (parameter or variable) myVar.
You get it, I don't need to explain a diner to you.
I was able to snag the table with it being 7 degrees outside...it wasn't too busy and it was Wednesday too.\n\nMy only hang up is that the 16oz drink is the smallest drink size.
Don't even think of stealing a dip.
'Big cup Friday', but they only let you take 2 cups home (lose a star for that).
She actually listened to what I wanted and didn't impose her own thoughts on the situation.\n\nYES!
Which encoding should I use to convert NSData to NSString and backwards, if the string doesn't need to be beautiful?
\n\nAt CLT there are options throughout the airport and a central hub that makes getting around easy without the trams and monorails other airports require, which is great when you're in a hurry.
Should it be Sweet Tater Tots?
Accuratly catch clicks on an iframe I have an ad iframe being written onto my page dynamically.
My panini included granny smith apples, apple butter, sharp cheddar, cream cheese, and seisage (vegetarian sausage) atop sun-dried tomato bread (though it seemed more like raisin to me).
In your case B, C, D, E are your local projects and not third-party so executing maven install for B, C, D, E.
I crave it daily, but my pockets can't afford it.
The steak was delicious and enjoyed the many flavors the rest of the salad contained - full of grapes, tomatoes, olives, cheese.\n\nVery satisfying!
The chef usually has a special dessert of the day and then you have your typical Italian tiramisu, cannoli, and carrot cake.
At least they have people movers to speed things up, and free wifi if you get to your gate with any time to spare.
They have been around a long time and have thrived when other rib places come and go.
I often order the lemon-basil salmon, done medium, and I like it a lot.
From second time "In app purchase" throwing exception in android I Am trying to include in app purchase and i have successfully through in showing up SKUs available.Now I want to make a fake purchase.So I used appId = "android.test.purchased".
The URI structure does not mean anything.
For example: This is my table: jsfiddle.net/x8L57md2/ code:- If I move state column to right side of ankur(name) then another table column will be created and append it to table with data.
This table has the inputs that the client entered.
By the time we finished looking it over, our tour guide came in.
like bad calamari or trying to chew a whole pack of rock hard Bazooka Joe at once.
Take a look at the code: What i have noticed in the line: is the In the direct draw (bmp to render) function (that works 100% and uses the same method) it is However..
Definitely one of the better and more upscale modern Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh (excluding Thai food- so many good options).
But you also have to check how to do a distribute test; because 12000 is a big test that can't be run only in one machine alone; it is not a good practice.
The only way I can think of implementing this is by doing some preprocessing tricks, which just seems like a bad idea.
I know its a chain, I also know its not authenic Mexican food, but every now and again I get a Taco Bell craving I just have to satisfy!\nPlus if you make some wise menu choices, you can eat good without ingesting a whole lot of fat grams.
I've lived in Pittsburgh my whole life and I've always gotten my birthday cake here (well over 2 decades worth of cakes!).
I've seen this place million of times since I've been in Charlotte and has never once tried it until a couple of weeks ago!
First check if browser is IE, next use encodeURI to encode all the file path and name, you have to do that first in order to correctly capture the unescaped chars like "\".
When Green cab said it would take an hour to get a cab it took Union cab less then 5 minutes!!!
However, I would use to combine the results of the queries, rather than joins, or subqueries in the select list, or separate queries.
That's a keeper in my books!
Not only did she give me a great cut (I had wayyyy long hair and wanted to get something lighter, without losing too much length--I'm getting married in months) but she is wicked bubbly and fun and great to chat with.
One is called "Authors", while the other is called "corpPosts".
Expression args: (value, key, list) isObject Return 'true' if the input data is an object with named properties isArray Return 'true' if the input data is an array isString Return 'true' if the input data is a string ...
Therefore UIColor is not the place for this code imho.
So many choices...I don't think you can go wrong.
Once you have these equations you could test how far each point is from a line and decide whether it is on the line or not (given some maximum distance).
\n\ni recently came here with a big party and we had a little room off to the side which was just us after the other tables finished up.
It looks like you may already have one, with the _processQ variable.
While this worked it took some time ~45 seconds for the whole json to be processed and written.
Upon arrival, you are greeted with an overflowing basket of chips, salsa and some other white sort of cheese - sort of ranch dressing/sauce.
The ribs are the best BBQ in Madison by far and have never disappointed in many visits.
The kids got chicken strips and fries, which were just what you would expect, but the portions were huge.
Mathias' caring nature, and I appreciated it, too.
An overall wonderful practice run by professionals!
BTW: No need to differentiate memory allocation calls.
asp.net c# create a new page and refresh routing map I am using the routemagic library and it works great.
Final file after concatenating Full fille would look like.
Unfortunately at this stage, Windows 8.1 store Unit Test project types, using NUnit extension wouldn't work due to the different .NET targets.
The goal is here to create a globally accessible reference to this object.
LaTorre's is one of my favorite lunch spots and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't been!
The crab wontons were a bit disappointing - we were expecting something closer to crab Rangoon (based on the description) but these are more grainy than creamy.
Their German noodles, \""spaetzel\"" are perfect, red cabbage also.
Bartender is very friendly and the atmosphere is very nice !
Workaround is simple - use typedef, it works this way:
Inside i have a method called which return an arraylist of object called BatchProgressMetrics.
Also note that the returnvalue does not tell you whether the command was successfully executed on the TPM.
\n\nDad's pasta trio came with a dessert, so he got the Crostata di Pere, a sugary pear maple dessert which I think was good, but I don't have really strong memories of it so clearly it didn't bowl me over.\n\nAll in all, it was a very good meal with some truly excellent service.
If you've never had a Seaboat catfish sandwich with some of their amazing fried Okra, then you don't know what you are missing.
I didn't find the inside half as exciting.
There aren't many tables or chairs for seating, but plenty of space to mill about and chat with the other folks in the room.
I would definitely recommend this place if you happen to be in the Charlotte uptown area.
I would definitely go back for another tattoo and recommend this place for anyone who wants a tat!
Starting in Java 8 this is possible, but only with default methods and static methods.
although, i think the snow pea leaves could've been cooked a bit more some of it was tough.
A lot better airport to transfer than any other one I've been a lot of food court and space and is clean!
Then, once your receive the buffer: Note that the buffers that are used in send &amp; recv are meant to carry binary data.
I felt as if I was submitting to Jiffy Lube's bullshit schemes to have me replace a filter I didn't need or add on the premium package.
It comes with onion and feta.
And the one I had wasn't a ticking grease bomb!\n\nDo yourself a favor when you go and try the red lentil soup.
But hey if thats what good pizza costs then so be it, im happy with it
By using JQuery Caret Plugin , you could use some code like: It's not perfect, but it could be a start for a complete code completion function.
I've now tried this on a 64bit Win7 and Win8 machines with both VS2010 and VS2013 for debug and release builds with no luck :( I get similar aborts when trying to build against the pre-built binaries on the ZeroMQ site or building my own with the included Visual Studio project directories they include in the repository.
yield with recursive function in python I am trying to create a generator for permutation purpose.I know there are other ways to do that in python.But this is for somthing else.
My girl and I rolled into Charlotte on a Monday at around 9.
It also has a very well stocked bar, you are after work one day and you are craving Asians but also want a nice mixed drink, they got you covered!
And I don't mean Taco Bell-sized portions either.
In the DataField object, there is the Method , in which I get the value of a field for a certain user.
I might go back, if only because I didn't get a single picture of the place.\n\nOh, and, if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking.
The rice was on the bottom of the skillet plate so it ended up getting crunchy.
I can always appreciate a restaurant that has local and organic ingredients.
Every class is implemented mysteriously by the Ruby interpreter as a hidden class type: So, in your example, when you're trying to call foo on your objects, it's operating on the class .
Problems implementing an editable TableView So I've been trying to implement a TableView where you can edit a column just by clicking on it, and then save the edit by pressing the enter key.
Here's one way using : Results:
Therefore your trying call a class method rather than an instance method which is not what you want to do.
I go through here if I get stuck on U.S.
The have a daily beer special 24oz beer for about $2.50.
They had cold cereals, instant oatmeal & grits, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, eggs, sausage, a good selection of breads & pastries, fresh fruit, a waffle making station, and, of course, juice & coffee.\n\nAdded bonus: There is a Wendy's across the parking lot in case the late night craving for a Frosty strikes...
How to set a property of a UIKit class or subclass for all future instantians?
(once I finish my tour of lunch spots in Pittsburgh, I'm on about #45 without repeating)\n\nPlenty of seating, and they move you through quick despite the lines....
Why draw a distinction between functions, lambdas and blocks?
I am not quite sure what your worry is (and maybe you should clarify your question if that answer isn't sufficient), but doesn't get translated to because is user defined class type and overloaded operators don't get translated by the compiler, ever.
The values in row 4 come from row 3 In this scenario I would want to select the previous quote and use that for that particular second.
This is the corrected version of the example path:
Overall, a great place in the University area to come chill and have a pint-or three- and have some good bar food.
BTW, in my case this "ERROR" didn't break the follow of logic and operated more as a warning.
I only wished that CoffeeWorks had more than one flavored coffee available for the day.
So I try bellow code and I'm sucked at how to get all price &amp; set their new value .
Like non stick, no oils are needed and clean up is pretty quick.\n\nCrate in itself is a cooking gadget Mecca.
\n\nFor dinner, I had scallops that were encrusted with bacon crumbs on top of a pumpkin bread crustini.
I highly recommend this awesome catering service!\n\nIf you want to see our wedding photos and some food pics, you can see them here:
I also managed a dessert on my first visit, that portion size of the Oat Fudge Bar was enough for me to have skipped the fries or the burger, it was huge!
According the decoder sample in Windows SDK, I realize myself decoder MFT, but there is one question about third-party MFT.
Actually, I cannot imagine why a exists at all, if it cannot be used together with run time arguments (apparently), and does not provide any advantage (apparently) compared to the solution above.
I have read the book named C++ primer and I don't understand the following code: Could you help me explain the use of here?
As far as I know the content isn't loaded when the div's display style is set to none.
\nSurprising thing is they have an incredible menu!
\n\nI really one to come back int the summer when the front windows are opened and enjoy some wine and small dishesa
We made reservations weeks in advance and I counted down the days.
this is where I get confused.
Their Tiramisu will brighten up all of your taste bulbs.
Jamming all business travelers through a single gate just destroys the purpose.
One of the issues I ran into is the callback in the for loop.
Just the right amount of crispy and not too many.
I'd go back just for dessert.
They don't work at all and I can't understand the source of my problem.
Note, I'm not an affiliate of Phpurchase or have any type of financial gain by recommending them, I just had such a rough time with getShopped and such a wonderful experience with Phpurchase!
Assume I have a point at the following location: Latitude: 47°36′N Longitude: 122°19′W Around the above point, I draw a 35Km radius.
Nice portions, good food, and classic Italian enviornment.\n\nWhen we got here, it was a pretty long wait, but luckily they have a pretty rocking bar here equipped with many TVs and plenty of booze.
C pushes the 'class' definition into the source file.
I can't find any reference in Postgres' documentation about this.
Their indoor seating is I feel below street level with brick walls, and community art hanging on the wall.
You can try something like that:
Thanks koti PS:If I enter the whole url into browser address bar and hit enter I am getting JSON response as expected.
Once you have a button, right click and assign the macro to the button.
\n\nI love the deals and their stylish clothes on the low (!) & how you can go in looking for anything from a hair accessory to a new set of bakeware and they'll have it!\n\nYesterday I bought a lunch tote that was $7..
Here's the thing, I hate the \""mustiness\"" of goat cheese.
Changing your DI definitions above to include this should resolve your issues (I think based on what you have provided).
Truth be told, I was like \""Man, this is way too much food, I guess I'll take the leftover home to sit in my fridge\"".
I just can't work out how to achieve it with jQuery?
Still 5 stars.\n\nIf you want a hearty dinner for an extremely small price tag, go here.
I should've read deeper because it is a Vegan dirty rice.
i was confused with that example.
Such a crazy plugin it will be...
Current code: I was using this to scrape the online list, but they have changed their layout and I'm not sure how to change the regex to get the same information.
Why is this function converting my object into an array ?
The cause of problem might be lots of things.
Could you help me finding what's missing?
When I changed that to instead it solved the problem and was working.
When I test my plug-in I can see the context menu, the toolbar menu, and the pull-down menu.
Try passing it in as parameter like: Also, @ryekayo's suggestion will give you accurate results.
Linda was super nice and she definitely knows how to do catering business and make her customers happy.
Depending on what should happen with the file data, you might want to specify an alternate mode for opening the file (e.g.
I was thinking of writing a code that stops immediately when it finds an element that is not the same as the first element.
Not supporting that means not adhering to the C standard.
And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them.
Also, if you are going to use inside the polygon 'click' listener it needs to be defined.
I would recommend this place for a quick lunch.
Edit: My resume.rb model: My AttachmentUploader:
If no tracing is to be performed, then return an object whose operator&lt;&lt; does nothing.
It's been convenient, we had coupons, and we were in the mood for Mexican.
I wish they wouldn't use such huge paper towels in the bathroom, but other than that I really like this place.
One time when my friend had her birthday here they gave our table three plates of them on the house.
it is a small business and I get it.
For example, get it's id, change it's color etc.
No one in our family can stop eating it until the basket is empty.
I would like to create an edge list that pairs suppliers who have worked on the same project.
The fish tacos are also a tasty option.\n\nI'm not much of a French fry eater unless I'm at Lot 17.
This is slightly more optimized code that uses and will need less memory than your code, but I would not hold my breath.
\n\nThis is the premier establishment to grab a craft or import beer north of Uptown.
You're defining the same function signature many times.
ConfirmationDialog Primefaces ..Now I come across a question.
You still only have about 16 significant decimal digits; this means that only the first 16 or so digits of the output are correct; and all of the remaining digits are likely wildly incorrect, and are not actually stored as part of the double-precision number.
Code snippet is below: Output of this code snippet When is used it dumps the values which are stored in array.
The nan was fresh & hot.
Now I live over 15 miles away and still head over there from time to time for my cheesesteak fix.\n\nNow to be clear, this is probably not a place your typical Yelper would like.
So it wont be an easy hacking attack since my URL is also random.
Lets say that your Card class have a var : Now you can pass the function you desire after initialising: Note : you can even have a default value for the function:
Try to add in it using each that you will be submitting and bail if the returned value is not .
Non binary decision tree to binary decision tree (Machine learning) This is homework question, so I just need help may be yes/No and few comment will be appreciated!
Passing a list of randomForest objects back to R with rpy2 I am trying to combine a number of random forest models using rpy2.
Strangely, they have a K-9 unit parked there many afternoons.
Xcode compiler flag to draw view edges I'm working with Auto Layout in code and I am unsure where some edges are falling.
UPDATE When the device is stationary again, with screen off and on battery for a period of time, Doze applies the full CPU and network restrictions on PowerManager.WakeLock, AlarmManager alarms, and GPS/Wi-Fi scans .
Then the query looks something like this:
Mutex and Threads are part of the new C++11 standard, so either upgrade the compiler or use Boost instead.
Apparently that's not how this particular section of Charlotte gets down.
Delays are usually not bad at CLT, and runway congestion is nearly absent with the addition of a 4th runway at Charlotte.
The second URL does show a location "NYC" in the description text.
Use AuthOozieClient and set system user.
Your Preferences in XML, even if you set are still stored as a String You have 2 choices: 1) the 'not-so-nice': 2) Using your own type of Integer Preference.
Inside, it is your typical neighborhood pizza place/bar.
The waitstaff have always been exceptionally nice and very attentive.
To make it clear in other words - provides you with a build cycle that downloads your dependencies and put them in your classpath.
And let me know how it was by the time you come out around February!
\n\nMy one reason for keeping this from being a 5 star restaurant was the heat - it was so warm in there, we literally could not wait to get out of there.
It tasted okay, but not great.
I especially how the made the substitute with kale, as it adds a good satsifying crisp to the taste.
I dont get any exception or error or any logs on WAS .
Sometimes it will have 35 (high speed internet) and sometimes it will not.
I want to select first 10 row.
The play button is the start debugging feature.
the bird foods and treats selections is very good.
Produce is pretty nonexistent yes, they sell out of milk fast but if you're in need of sugar substitutes or hard to find herbs and spices they are awesome (check back in the back by the bulk foods).\n\nAlso the lunch counter makes awesome sandwiches and very good Thai food (owner's husband is Thai and used to operate one of the best restaurants in Bloomington, I think it was).
Once for lunch and once for dinner.
Some Points which should be true for most IDEs: automated generation of build scripts highligting of compiler errors and warnings in the source integration with source control svn, git, ...
I stayed here for 6 days during a recent work trip and because I have stayed at other Homewoods in the past.
It's classy and a perfect celebration or romantic dinner spot.
Manuel slid me an extra napkin to use as a bib which is appreciated since I already put my dry cleaners first born through college.\n\nFor dessert I had the semifreddo which was light, almondy and had hazelnuts on top.
The dining area takes up a large portion of the space and consists of very intimate, cozy booths and tables with dim lighting.
It is a little more expensive than what you would find outside of Champaign, but that doesn't stop me from frequenting this place.
It works perfectly with location search.
I was quoted a 30 minute wait, which was reasonable to me.
\n\nCain's totally surprised me because they have a mega beer list, with lots of drafts on tap, and this particular night Southern Tier Pumking was in the hizzouse!
Can anybody check if this really helps?
The portions were just right for lunch, I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping.
Lots of old people come here, but they don't try to mug you in the bathroom or anything like that.
I also love to sneak raspberry cheesecake when I am done ;)
Check your indents also, it might be problem on them.
Most of the meals are consistently good, freshly prepared, and full of flavor.
The bathrooms each have an attendant which, granted, was really bizarre the first time I experienced this, but I've become accustomed to their greetings.
They have these lettuce wraps which are to die for!
Looking for that British chocolate from your semester abroad?
I've posted my full code and coefficients here: But it basically boils down to: See the gist for full code/context.
You'll see a more specific error if you remove the and extensions from your configuration -- which are also in the combined configuration , so you'll need to drop that as well; as you can see from the link, your inline configuration entails all of .
In other programming languages this is called a Map or a Projection.
refer X509.h header file in openssl
I could have drank a gallon of their sweet tea but I'm glad I stuck with two.
The third one isn't applicable for my case) (No stream is there to provide as context) There seem to be no problems when I simply use the following:
\n\nThe two best hoagie places in the area are less than a half-mile apart on the same street - Rudy's and the Triangle bar.
- they fulfilled all of them.
My boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well.
The entrance fee is kinda steep, but it depends what you like.
We've upgraded servers and re-imported dumps but ashamedly I admit to not giving charsets much thought.
Therefore, for each colour pixel in your image, you want to decide which out of the k possible colours this pixel would be best represented with.
I have a gluten allergy, and they have a good gluten free menu.
The next stage I need to do is to try and send an attachment via my SMTP server.
configuring in JSP with is needed?
It took a little longer than I would've liked but they did good work.
I agree with most posts on this question in that it does depend on the needs of the application, but what also must be considered are the needs of the backend, meaning those who might actually have to use the data later on.
Thoroughly enjoyed my latte though :)
The pita is incredible...like the freshest most delicious pita I have ever had.
This is the code i'm using for loading the xml.
Well CRT is nothing new to python.
Also criscut fries were seasoned appropriately.
The coffee is perfectly smooth and rich, which is the most important thing to get right.
Thank God I got there on $4 margarita night.
Overall, this kind of place is rare in Charlotte and is worth the visit!
The small filled me up before I finished!
Message-based domain object collaboration Recently, i was thinking about how to use message to implement the domain object collaboration.
The best time to go there is when a Packers, University of Wisconsin Badgers, or Brewers game is on...
But whenever that happens I look at it as a donation to one of my favorite local businesses in Charlotte.
But they were free so can't complain too much.
I also got the side salad which came with a really great homade sundried tomato dressing (also the salad was under $3 which you don't find anywhere these days).
\n\nI already knew what I wanted, I was a little disappointed that there was no \""build your own option\"" on the omelet menu.
They are always fast and efficient and any extras you may want are stocked plentifully.
Threads do not work, abstain from that approach.
Hey, wanna meet me for a beer?
How to config to show depended library jars rather than packages in "Packages view" of Intellij IDEA?
(My user base will be international.) Should I add an extra field to the Country table that holds the international dialling code - and then just construct the full international number?
I am getting the columns I need using The issue I am having is that the first column is ID and once it gets past it becomes and so it is treated as an extra column now.
i would love to go back only the cost is a little high to go regularly
If you want real Pennsylvanian German food, then this is your place.
Compiled MuPDF library integration in android project I have compiled mupdf library but when I integrate it in my existing android project to render the PDF it give me the following error : I have followed the following steps for integration : Steps are explained here : When i change the package name in mupdf test project then the native code get modified and the above expiation arises .
To handle it in better way, return date in String format from server side with appropriate timezone conversion.
For dinner, I got the pork tenderloin ($25) with fried plantains - the entire reason I got the dish - and BBQ baked Sea Island peas.
You could even hide the original list entirely with CSS and have the server side script build your own custom list.
Always give the special a shot.
So you need set orientation in onCreateView of each fragment Plse Check below code: FragmentA FragmentB
If the same priority can appear more than once, you might want to adjust the code to use and .
I also tried Do While-Loop with the same result.
But when I send the XML, it is cutting it off prematurely.
I have models with many-to-many relationships that I want to query from a database.
This place had some of the best onion rings, but mysteriously, they stopped serving them!
Laravel Forms without using Blade Is it possible to build a laravel application without using Blade to create the forms?
I went on a thursday night and had to wait about 35min for food I ordered to go.
Cash only, so put that plastic away.\n\nOnly bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
Gulp sourcemaps will interpolate between transformations, so that you keep track of every change that happened .
I am glad I can still get it for 12.
But JBoss given errors on startup as follows.
Yes you have 2 cmd s (one under each of the above folders), actually (almost) all the Windows executables and dlls are duplicated .
Do not adjust your screen, you read right.
Every one we've had is fantastic.
I don't think I'll ever find a better shop/mechanic.
Let's not forget that every time I went they were offering complimentary wine, pouring us full glasses of it.
I order the Penne Alla Vodka, no fail, every time.
Lots of history at this place.
I solved and I'm writing for the user having the same problem: Insert the option in the $.ajax method as below:
SQL Server - can I load MDF without LDF file without losing data?
You have made a start with but don't stop there.
Also if the was not commented off in the above code it would take 3-4 MB again.
The dealer sold me the car in the first place, so I don't like them.
If after digging around with the debugger the problems do not look too bad, I'd tweak the client as necessary.
I have a mobile application that is suffering from slow-down over time.
Is there a way to use a keyword as a function in Common Lisp, as one does in Clojure?
Hands down my favorite place for Chinese food in Madison.
There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.
The nhibernate.info website has lot of docs.
If you're willing to let go, give him a shot.\n\nAlso - Dean of Shadyside has a referral program, you get these cards which entitle new clients to a free haircut (and you get a kickback coupon in the mail).
Lidia's is a good restaurant for Italy food.
it works fine on the html page, however I can't get it to work on wordpress, no matter where I place it (tried header, footer and within the page itself).
I assume that DataTables is already implemented, a means for data retrieval is implemented, and MVC 4 with the Razor engine is being used.
How can I solve this issue?
Symfony join with many to many I would like to know how can I Make a join into another join.
Very good service and warm food!
It needs to identify sentences or phrases and reverse those.
Plot the chart is fairly easy, but I want to know how to insert an icon in each arc with the respective symbol of the social network (using D3 or even C3).
For all these methods, you'll have to use a spin-lock (retry-after-failure) technique for acquiring and testing the lock.
We were in pursuit of a simple pant leg alteration.
Nothing good ever comes out of it.
The result of the addition has type .
For recent versions of jQuery you might need additional quotes:
I hope it be useful for you!
This place is every carb-loader's dream.
My approach would therefore be to adjust your existing code to use the post ID rather than the title.
You can fetch it at your domain.com/socket.io/socket.io.js and cache it locally.
Modifying Cypher Query Engine I would like to modify the way Cypher processes queries sent to it for pattern matching.
how to stop a for loop I am writing a code to determine if every element in my nxn list is the same.
Well it is room service and when is that ever cheap?
I need to create an asp.net page that shows a subset of the data for one organisation/contract so I cloned the sproc and added a contract parameter.
Although, if you happen to use your own shaders, then doing that on the GPU is way faster.
Yes, the line runs out the door but you better believe it is worth the wait.
Based on a flag I need to prompt the questionnaire with input type as drop down or Text boxes.
Breakfast for four with coffee was close to $40.
For example, I got a list of links : For each link, I parse the document linked to the URL (from the href attribute) to get other pieces of information in those pages.
Completely jet lagged, I fell asleep with that running all night and was definitely feeling sick the next morning.
You can have coffee or tea (and cookies), and they have a nice locker system so you don't have to lug your purse to and from the styling stations.
Every night there was an amazing adventure!
I am not able to find where to write the stored procedure in phpMyAdmin and how to call it using MVC architecture.
Coming from a guy who never learned how not to get ripped off at the mechanic, that's saying something.\n\nJohn, the manager, was courteous and professional.
The bartenders were good guys, joked a lot, and seemed happy to be there doing what they do...which is exactly what I look for.
How can I get UIPickerView to select the first item?
You can see what's going on if you run the equivalent: If you run this you don't just hear a single note, you hear the note being hit again and again forever, until you run So why is that?
Your best bet (I'm aware of) is to dig into the code in the django code, and see how it's done there.
Uncomment the second line if you want to get a count of tickets, too.
I have not experienced large playhouses in other cities.
JavaFX 2 multispan cell table like MS Excel I hope someone will be able to help to resolve my problem.
Taken in the proper context, they're a useful tool.
Friendly and courteous TSA members, and fast and efficient layout and service.
It was neither the Cosmos experience I was used to nor the birthday experience I wanted.
Preview of the html here - Preview of the javascript here - Thank you very much for your help.
There's also an outdoor patio that would be nice if it's not too hot out (drinking hot tea in 80 degrees isn't too appealing).
I really enjoyed everything that they served before it.
It looked great and she was pretty happy with it.
I was a little bit let down by the Chicago hot dog as it had too much mustard.
We retrieve a list of folders contained in a folder as follows: doc id]/contents/-/folder?xoauth_requestor_id=[user name] We get 9 results.
I love the food here and on a nice day, there is nothing better than eating it outdoors.
you can run this query and get all the sql queries that you need to run; you can insert it to file like update according to alexandre comment
From child's method I call a method on a base page like which acceses a literal defined in the base page.
The bee fren dang and garlic eggplant are favs and husband dear cannot eat enough of the Roti Telur!!
It can get loud at times, but nothing headphones won't fix.
It came out just the way I wanted it, with just a hint of pink in the middle, and full of delicious juices.
I've written some tests, and can get them to run successfully in the test runner in the browser, however when I try to run them from the command line using 'rake test:acceptance' I see the following error: I have installed the win32-open3 gem and win32-process, neither of these seem to have helped.
I'd heard they were reputed to have the best fish sandwich in the city, so that's what I was looking for.
Is there any way I can have these files removed on an uninstall?
Get classy on those fries and use the fry tongs that they give you.
When the pizza arrived and I opened the lid, I had to gasp.
I only wish that there was a dog park here and then it would be perfect!
the hash browns were amazingly delicious, so buttery and melt in your mouth good.
php variable not being passed to mail() "to line" parameter long time listener, first time caller...
(I don't consider this question a duplicate but more as a followup; posting in the other question likely wouldn't get me any responses since that question's already been answered, so I post this new question)
May be it is simple to add to -element some css class, like At last the request is to show different icons before such links.
EDIT: This is my code which explores folder structure and log metadata about files into database.
Little to spicy sauce but, it was tasty.
Not so much that you get lost, but covers enough for everyone's taste....and it's full of jokes and hilarious descriptions.
Value from MYSQL is coming null I am fetching code from codeignitor using implode function.
The PaymentsSchedule table fields are Patient, Frequency, NextDueDate, PaymentsRemaining, Amount.
I have only one servlet that handles all the request.
It's a good bar with good bar food, go in with the right expectations and you'll be well satisfied.
---------------> I know this is wrong, but isn't there something simpler like res=NULL or lista[res]==NULL?
\n\nThis place is where you come when you want to eat well.
Fridays are great, all-the-time packed with hot gorgeous people.
The snack car is nice, for drinks, sandwiches, or candy.
Conveniently located next to the Convention and Conference Center in the heart of downtown.
i've got two computers running on Mac OS X El Capitan and Ubuntu 16.04 LTS.
\n\n I came in a hot mess and I left feeling and looking a 100% better.
\nShe even told me some cute ways to style my hair which is great for me cause my hair is a pain!
but it is a great relaxing area to have a glass of wine, people watch and share an appetizer...\n\nBento boxes are a great way to taste a few different things.
And then the code required becomes absolutely trivial.
This review is long overdue, my apologies to Gary & staff.\n\nThey first worked on my 96 Infiniti I30 about 5-years ago and I have done business with them on a few other occasions when needed.
But it will be great if you export the same functions for different variable types.
What's probably happening is that your URL has escaped characters in it (%3D%3D) and your $_GET is the unescaped characters so they don't match.
Here's a hint for you- try to get a room or suite on the ends of the hallways- the showers have an extra window that looks out onto uptown- but the tinted glass makes sure others don't see in.
Gorgonzola cheese and raspberry vinaigrette make everything better.\n\nEntree: We went with Coq Au Vin...
The file's content includes wich are expanded.
I love love love their Hawaiian pizza.
Therefore this call is inappropriate: Instead, you should be using : (It's possible that it'll return a rather than an - I'm not sure offhand.) Additionally, you should use a statement for the and create a new connection for each operation: It's also not clear what kind of app this is - if it's in a local GUI (WinForms or WPF) you should not be performing database access on the UI thread.
The staff is helpful and friendly, and, if someone doesn't know an answer to a question, which can happen with a volunteer, he or she will find out for you.
I am developing an application that does a callback to a native c function after playing a system sound.
Recently though, the results have been taken out of context and used in a way I never intended.
Went here for the first time to watch my Tarheels get the crap kicked out of them by Duke.
They do make you aware of this, but not until after your service.
Inclusion of weak classifiers trained by adaboost resulted in around 1200 ms (1.2 secs) However when I pass the features (which has been marked as positive by the weak classifiers) to svm.predict function, the overall speed slowed down to around 16000 ms ( 16 secs ) Trying to collect all 'positive' features first, before passing to svm.predict utilizing TBB's threads resulted in 19000 ms ( 19 secs ), probably due to the overhead needed to create the threads, etc.
I went to Midas in Champaign and was told my car was in serious danger because the brakes we are less than 10% pads.
You'll need This should kickstart you:
So: I have also tried: Which splits the file into csv format, including the tuple name, by every character getting (first line only included): I have searched for a solution but not come across anything that fits what I am trying to do and am now at a loss.
Does this property have any limitations in terms of browser implementation or anything ?
If it is already reported, ignore it.
2-select the look-up tab bellow the field list.
Also, I can get a dill pickle instead of chips.
If you don't get there early, you have to pound it, and then you run out of room, and the rest of the night will be shot.
Although there are plenty of new brick oven pizza places popping up in the burgh almost monthly, this is still the best.
Ravioli, Papardelle and Penne a la Vodka-lacked something.
PS: I need this for a one time use.
How does that work, and what should I do?
Now its one of my favorite places to go out with my friends.\n\nIts a bit pricey (~$15/person), but the quality and quantity is superb.
Since you need to start from most recently objects, you need to reverce your array: In Ruby more recent date is greater then less recent:
I prefer my bacon a little crispier, but it was still good.\n\nI'll be back to sample a more lunch-y entree.
As soon as I hit the Couch with that blanket I was OUT!!
USDA Prime meat (and Choice) is not going to kill you like the crap you get in supermarkets.
Moreover, was initially created for backward compatibility with classic ASP.
I'm using grails 2.01, so the problem (?) is still there.
But how can I stream my captured media to server in realtime?
I want to run only specific test methods inside a test class, how to do that?
Amazing dining room atmosphere--great art, great ambiance, great table stuff.
These are just some basic ideas to start.
The solution to your problem greatly depends on your code.
The stand outside (edgars), chicken taco with everything on it, best ever.
I'm not sure why you would want to use a hill-climbing algorithm, since Djikstra's algorithm is polynomial complexity O( | E | + | V | log | V | ) using Fibonacci queues: If you're looking for an heuristic approach to the single-path problem, then you can use A*: but an improvement in efficiency is dependent on having an admissible heuristic estimate of the distance to the goal.
Make certain to use the homemade sauce as well, we're talking heavenly good.
I've learned how to make Tuscan Braised Pork Belly, Pomme de Terre Dauphinois (French Custard/Cheese Potatoes), Mushroom Tart appetizers, Bourbon Pecan Tarts....God I don't know WHERE to stop!
I like going to Dean & Deluca when I want really good food without the fuss.
You can then drag the control by dragging the instead:
The address is I can send a request and receive a reply.
it rocks!!!\n\nthe cheese is of amazing quality and freshness.
The staff was very professional and not rushed.
I have experience in Java, C, Lisp, and Perl.
First-timer and I ordered fried chicken to go.
(3 * 7) % 20 = 1
I use Windows 7 64bit, Chrome version 29.0.1547.57 m, ChromeDriver win32 (v2.2.215849.dyu) - the newest one.
orders/new.html.erb EDIT: example of a hash that is created:
Not sure if this is what you thought, but maybe you could style that portion of the page and use something like this?
\n\nThis place has everything for a child of the 80's like myself could want.
Loading Image Animation only once I have the following implementation and it is fully functional.
As soon as we entered, it was clear that this place had a lot more ambiance.
I have thought of implementing this using Windows service.
However, I'm am not counting that against their rating since the employee I talked to about it was great and offered to give me a free drink the next time I came in.\n\nI think that have a great staff and great customer service.
On my machine, the first computation takes 8 hundreths of a second, while the second computation takes nearly three seconds.
( I think it is the sun- I forget) Anyway, the terrace sits toward the north and it would be pretty tough to paint the sun there.
how to remove existing image in jQuery.filer I'm using a great plugin: Only uploaded file can be Deleted, but added image file can Not be removed from server remove file and delete in php does not work.
The goal of Restaurant Week IMO is to expose you inexpensively to places you don't generally go to.
Just understand what a particular class do and IDe will help you in writing methods and properties.
@Dunno has shown how I can put all the html into one and both elements are rendered, but I still don't understand what's going on.
This is a fairly common problem.
An empty structure where there will be a number of other listings.
The fact that the file is still garbled when they send it back to you confirms that something is altering the file on their side once received.
I am using log4j and Tomcat 6.0.28.
I found out about this fine dining spot from a gift certificate I was given.
Take a look at Matt Gemmell's source code .
I've learned that this steak is on their regular menu as well.
Any help would be appreciated: 1) 'Projects' class = (main grouping class and project details) a) 'projectTasks' is setup as a relation column and points to the Tasks class.
It's just a magic mixture of rice, cheese, salsa and lots and lots of lime.
They always seem to have an opening on the same day when I call, which is a huge plus!
You have to duplicate the validation in client side.
It exudes Charm and though I would not call it Romantic I do not know why I would not!
is not a timestamp in any way that PHP (or other common systems) define a timestamp.
Everything returns either Array ( ) or NULL.
I had the red pepper casereccia and was thrilled with the amount of seafood in the dish.
For the price you can get this place, you really can't complain.
java.time The java.time package built into Java 8 and later is inspired by Joda-Time but entirely re-architected.
in onCreateDialog, I forgot to set the listener: dialogObj.setOnShowListener(this).
I have given 50 different files (A00.data,A01.data...A49.data) each containing millions of lines.
I can name a few places that have had this disgusting odor and did not appear to care.
It means that you have called the method which return Bool value.
Before you get started, do not use macro names that begin with an underscore - these are reserved for compiler and standard library writers, and must not be used in your own code.
I like the rockers they have so you can se the goings on outside.
So modify the two lines to: movlps QWORD PTR[rdx], xmm7 movss dword ptr [rdx+8], xmm6 like here:
They have retro jeans, but I'm really more into vintage dresses and costume jewelry.
please let me know how can i use this query in cakephp
Oh, and she's remembered my name since 2007 and often asks if I've been working out more.
I would sprint back to Legends just for that ravioli!
These are architecture and platform-dependent structures, and only the C library is allowed to mess with them.
Datastore for my use case was overkill and frankly, limiting.
This is where I take my car when I need a real mechanic (I *so* do not qualify) that does honest work for a reasonable price.
javax.validation.ConstraintValidationException: validation failed for classes I am developing a web application using , and 4 in the backend.
Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining (and that's a Pittsburgh mystery to me).
version 5.20140221 The Windows port of the assistant and webapp is now considered to be beta quality.
I don't know what happened, but suddenly I was stuck with the same straight bangs I've been avoiding for years because they \""would fall better.\"" Um...no, not exactly.
I've never really had a problem until the last couple of years when I graduated from being a kid to being an adult which it wasn't required to have people wait on me as I got off the plane and stuff.\n\nThat's not why I have a problem, though.
The fajitas arrived fresh and steaming, they were served with tortillas, sour cream, pico, and rice and beans.
Only getting results for one parameter(@rep=:rep).
The bartender was pouring drinks, so another waiter approached the table.
\n\nI had a card for a free appetizer from a capital grille in Philly, so I was able to to use it at the Charlotte location for a free appetizer.
You can even rent costumes (and this place has been around forever-my grandmother rented costumes from there YEARS ago).
Fantastically comfy Herman Miller chair.\n\nGood choice for downtown hotel when you don't plan to spend much time in your room.
The Salmon appetizer was delicious as was the gnocchi meal.
The driver was super fun, quirky and costumed for the holiday and quickly made us forget about how Union had failed to provide us with transportation until over an hour after the previously scheduled and agreed upon time.\n\nAlso worth noting, because it won Union back a lot of stars that would otherwise have been missing given the tardiness, is how immaculate the shiny, gleaming Toyota Prius cab was.
when I scroll down to read the rest of the content and then click the next panel, then the one above(wich is open) closes and move up.
For example with this sample table data.
If so, how do i enforce field validation if it is set to accept alphabets only as i assume those are English alphabets and not validating for valid chinese or arabic alphabets?
In MATLAB, you can run in the MATLAB Command Window to force it to display the variable as its memory location, rather than as its value.
You should more concerned about RESTful convention here.
Calling will cause to be null (inside method ).
You didn't say what error, but looks like changing: to is what you need.
The meny is traditional and I've only had their burger.
And those collard greens were on point!!!
The bloody Mary bar looked great.
This is great if you don't feel like going out to eat.
Our family really loves PF Changs.
Please also see an excellent question: " ?" that has some very insightful and valuable answers, specifically: Shameless plug for .
Try all this with a copy of your spreadsheet so that you don't delete data by accident.
\n\nI didn't sample the desserts tonight, but I've seen others rave about them.
The worst part of Le Peep is they aren't open for dinner, which only gives those of us who work during the week two days to enjoy all the delicious fare served up by Le Peep!\n\nOtherwise, I can't complain.
How to check if connection lost How can I check if my connection with the server lost ?
I always liked going upstairs and people watching from the upstairs patios.\n\nI've never had sub-par fast food here, so they are super consistent with the way they make stuff.
Incrontab not processing IF statement First off I'm a Windows guy but getting tasked with Linux now.
They are closed Monday and Tuesday I believe.
Thanks My code was like this
\n\n(I feel I need to say that my five stars is versus other fast food restaurants, but for the money it definitely still holds its own.
Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich.
\n\nThe rooms are very nice and contemporary, with nice clean corners.
I followed step by step, but does not work.
I also want to know how much time they took to decide and express it in the column .
The carrot cake was one of the best I've ever had but the chocolate cake just ok.\nThrough each course Michelle brought us more wine tastings and I believe we had 7 overall.\nIt was great night and even though the steak was not a favorite, I would return again and simply pick a different one.
When defining a dialog in the Visual Studio resource editor, one can specify the options with a -delimited string.
gives the same value for 50 consecutive rows.
They definitely don't seem to pick up on traveling indy bands (they seem to go to other venues in Charlotte instead)
Bummer.\n\nWe would go back with a group, but probably not on our own.
If the element is found, pass the returned iterator to the vector's method to remove the element.
Adjust color to powertools extension for visual studio I use Visual Studio 2012, and the productivity powertools extension.
Times in my PC: Original: Duration (milliseconds): 12658 First Version: Duration (milliseconds): 3616 Optimized Version: Duration (milliseconds): 1745 Changes are: Using instead of .
Service has also been good to excellent.
Does anyone know how can I fix this problem or this problem is bug in Chrome?
if it is unchanged, draw something on screen at the mouse location (and you need clean it too): It is not the best choice, but if the mouse is moved during the 15 seconds, it is unlikely it will back to its original location in 15 seconds.
Jerry told me it was just the tube and offered his tools in \""the back\"" so I could do a quick change.
There is something wrong with the inner loop, but I cannot fix it.
Despite populating my list at runtime, my listbox appears empty.
Alternatively, you could go with something like font awesome/glyphicon's strategy of styling, usually used with spans.
Michelle cheerfully took it back, apologized and brought us a new one along with all new fresh sides.
They are clearly identified as local on their display.
You also might want to examine the raw MIME content of the message to see exactly what Outlook is sending you.
I felt the hotel and service were first class, yet the place was not stuffy at all.
I see the segfault, in two of the generated process dumps, but how I can trace them to their cause?
\n\nExpect a wait on the weekends (10-20 minutes at least).
Very nice presentations.\n\nSUSHI: They have an extensive sushi menu - for those of you who are big sushi fans.
You probably didn't add to your as per the documentation .
are you using php ?, if yes the you can try using refferal instead, like
To get them with XPath, it depends of what version of XPath you use.
Take a look at the standard socket library .
One can even have multiple worker threads writing pointers into the same pipe because of the atomicity guarantee.
$$ROOT refers to $cvs in that case.
If so, would I need to modify any files other than the seed.txt and schema-solr4?
\n\nSo far so good with my car!
We didn't just watch, we were acutally doing it!
I thought it was the perfect amount and even came with a nice side salad, which included mandarin oranges.
\n\nSure, it isn't Wu Leng Yi but it is quite adequate for those long work days when you get home and just don't want to cook.
I can write my own export/load functions, but it feels wrong because each element has width , height , scaleX and scaleY .
Number format exception I giving a tar.bz2 file ,.gz and tar.gz files as input after changing the properties in mapred-site.xml.
All you have to do is modify the in JavaScript.
When I get to the User Mapping page, I get this error: com.opshub.eai.metadata.MetadataException: OpsHub-014371: Could not instantiate metadata implementation for For User List | TFS Source 1443539882111 ALM TFS 1443539882115, due to (404)Not Found I am running this on the TFS App Tier itself with the database being local.
Yes, the problem is that D can be reached over two paths and freed twice.
It really doesn't matter because the star of the show is...\n\nThe HOT FOODS BAR.
Nor indeed can I duplicate the result using any other approaches, like a full C# test bed using all of the .NET crypto resources.
After the 5th line it should split again at line 9 and will become and have at the end.
What I want is totally unpretentious karaoke renditions of Unskinny Bop from people that still look like they graduated high school in 1991, and $2.50 vodka and cranberry juices.
I want to come back here so bad ...
Maybe they should turn the AC down a bit yeah?\n\nThey have a really good selection at this location, but I imagine that's because the store is huge.
Basic PHP logic problem So why would this ever return true?!
they would go so well with the House Signature Bloody Mary.
Your thinking too hard, you should take it simple when programming.
The view of the city was amazing from the room.
In the code you pasted, we cannot know whether it's been initialised or not.
I have never had food there though they offer paninis.
I got the shrimp, chicken, and crawfish combo.
That said, the burger is damn good so who cares.
Again your task won't complete and your vital clean up code will not be run.
For example, this code (using R defaults): Creates this pie chart: What I want is a pie chart like this (which I created very roughly in PhotoShop):
Registering Custom WMI C# class/event I have a project with a class that extend a WMI event and used to publish data through WMI.
Can I export this structure to csv?
OK, guys, i created a jsFiddle, maybe this helps!
I was frustrated and tired of having the same look because of my unruly mop.
really great place to bring kids.
Overall the price isn't bad either which was awesome.
I have been a loyal customer since Barrington's opened.
I've been told he has the \""hookup\"" so make sure you get with him if you need anything special.
That's not the strict solution to the issue.
Oh, and you can get burgers and breakfast all day long, can't beat that.
A bit long of a wait for typical bar food is the only drawback.
We had it again the second time and it was exceptional again.\n\nOur second dish was a whole spicy fish, which was also very good, and a nice compliment to the curry.
+ Relax on the rocking chairs\n+ Countless dining options\n+ Shopping and massage places to pass the time\n+ Plenty of seating at all the gates\n+ FREE WIFI!
Java properties of the variable names are lowercase letter, such as: userName, ShowMessage, but there are special circumstances, taking into account certain interesting English acronym (USA, XML, etc.), JavaBean also allows capital letters beginning the attributes variable name, but must meet the first two letters of the variable is either all uppercase or all lowercase "requirements, such as: the IDCODE ICcard IDCODE property variable name is legal, but the iC, iCcard, iDCode attribute variables The name is illegal.
I am at Food Glorious Food every weekend.
The routes in the bouldering area are fun and challenging, and they're reset at a good frequency.
And WOW, he did an absolutely fantastic job!
The biscuits and gravy on Saturday mornings is delicious.
The gallery is right above the Wood Street T/Bus Station and can easily be missed, well at least that was the case for me.
He doesn't mince words about Biblical topics.
Carowinds amusement park is right across the street.
If you are getting special character in array then you can use tab library and use as so you will get desired output
Our server forgot a glass of milk, felt terrible amd immediately comped it.
see below can help you up or not.
See below the real example: At first you need to use for get the position of the same data, if exist then just remove it using , and each and every time you need to import data into the new array called and after completing fetching data you need to use a foreach loop to print them.
I was intending to go for a light dinner when I came in but ended up stuffed.
Upload file with carrierwave without name It's me again.
All the sides are tasty so you can't go wrong there.
I recently walked to the Dor-Stop from my new place in Dormont.
For this follow the following procedure: 1.
The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the foot/leg massage was just smoothing lotion on, not really a massage.
It was our first time in Pittsburgh and we had a blast!
Served on a 5\"" round Pane Mariano bread (my new favorite bread).
Lidia's = WIN!\n\n\nPROS: \nDelicious;\nPre-bus galore!\n\nCONS:\nParking (but you can park in the \""dust bowl\"" across the street.\nLocated in the strip\nPretty busy on the weekends!
New holds and new mats have been purchased in the past year, so a lot of the comments I'm seeing on here are outdated.
Sam's Cafe, is a diner our host choose to take us and if you like a good breakfast diner this is your spot!
If you don't find something, you can use their customer service phone and usually have the item delivered, free shipping.
Some of the walls are only meant for bouldering and others are for top-rope climbing.
The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage.
I recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Charlotte for business or pleasure.
Use ng-class and call a function on your controller that does the check: Fiddle Update:
No sizzing grill, no fancy chefs or crazy tricks, just the core of Japanese cuisine.
I am creating a game like Doodle Jump (without the accelerometer).
When I try to call I have a UndefinedMethodExeption.
\n\nAll in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.
UPDATE : Some people have responded with ways that may work in one-off statements, I need a way to put this into an UPDATE statement.
If your column is an typed column, you can use the method on the column to remove the nodes.
Having a separate list of objects which have finalizers makes it unnecessary for the GC to even look at any garbage objects that don't.
Also he insisted that both our meals be on the house as well as free dessert.
Oracle thus looks for a procedure named that takes no parameters, finds no such procedure, and throws an error.
The thought of crossing my legs at any point was merely a thought; it wasn't gonna happen -- no way.
The original 1920s decor is still perfectly intact.
It is likely that the pool may never grow bigger than that, because the pool will not spawn new threads until the queue is full (which, given that the has an capacity may never happen).
You might know some exists, but you don't know what the members are called (i.e.
I love when a server jokes around with the table but is not so intrusive that they act like we're all new BFF's.
I wish we had more places like this in town.
Will be going to more P.F Changs soon!
I typically use the $3 machine and can get a full laundry basket of clothes in one and they come out well-washed!
Nice Touch!\n\nFor dessert we had the very disappointing Special Irish or Baileys Chocolate Mousse and the slightly better Flour less Chocolate cake.
Removing this and re-executing the post command as: and passing the resulting scroll_id as: worked!
The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable!
Was witness to an amateur drunk who passed out.
You can see there are several steps to creating a delegate protocol.
I could have used a few more veggies underneath, but the salmon was so large (about 8oz I swear) that it just took over the entire plate!
You need to make throw in your second code snippet.
You should close the while() loop before the if/else.
i.e., You will still need to correlate in some way that the error in loop iteration #51 (error_index = 51) lines up with whatever identifying key exists in your actual DML target tables.
This doesn't happen if data is only 4 digits.
This time we decided we would go in for lunch and it was still really good!!
Products labeled with origin.\nPrices may be higher but if you watch for the sale items- the prices are good.
As I said I am new to Android and GPS and having in mind there is little documentation and information on how to properly develop applications that work with GPS I am working in blind basically.
Just say: to get the elements of separated by spaces, or in general if you want to use another separator, like the vertical bar character.
\n\nI love it and I will definitely be back.
I've been going to Eddy for a few years now and he never fails to make my hair look a thousand times better than it does when walking in the door.
The French Horn was good but a little sour for my tastes.
This is an airport with a promising future, and with the rise of Charlotte as a great American city, I'm looking forward to seeing it again in the coming years.
This one is definitely in the top 10.
\n\nAlso, parents, they have nice carts with attached cars.
By keeping a circular buffer of runes, you can minimise allocations.
I have yet to find any good definitive guides out there....
Have you checked that the account running the app pool is in the IIS_IUSRS group in User Manager (lusrmgr.msc) Cheers
Now suppose I create an array of these objects: Thus PHP is storing three sets of data members in memory, for each of the three object instances.
They also have a really good selection of fresh produce that is hard to find in other stores.\n\nBe warned, the products do not always have English translations.
Aaaand, I promptly spilled carnitas and salsa down the front.
The code indicates what should be done to strip each control character, so it should be straightforward to write something similar in C#.
However, when we try to publish the project to our live production server running a Windows Web 2008 x64 the MVC pages appear to partially load, but when we try to make calls to the controller it appears that it is failing.
I love Page Dairy Mart so much I want to marry it.
I was confused when she was there with mints and hairspray askin: \""Hey Darlin, how is your trip going?\"" - UMMMM AND YOU ARE A Sweetheart?
example1.com ok example2.com auth example3.com ok Any idea?
Come here for the jelly sandwich cookies.
\n\nI went for lunch last week with my boyfriend and one of his coworkers.
however, the scottish salmon entree was delicious; perhaps the best salmon entree i've had in a restaurant.
Capital Grille will validate your parking if you park there.\n\nThe food is very good, but also fairly expensive.
Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless.
How do I correctly pipe input to git checkout?
Only call in or later in activity lifecycle.
*The reason I said can't guaranteed.
They were always able to see me on the same day I called.
From what I could dig, there seems to be two ways to open the compose window of the email app with the fields filled: 1.
In the child page there is text field called ( )
It was $.50 for the first 5 minutes of drying time, and then $.25 for every 4 minutes after that.
\n\nThey're convenient and delicious - what more can I say or ask for?
I always feel guilty doing that and not buying anything, but to each his/her own.\n\nThat being said, the pricing in the store is habitually higher than prices you can fine online.
Typically get the Hunan Shrimp or Schezwan shrimp with a side of pork fried rice.
\n\nEasy pick up during regular business hours.
I wouldn't say that it's the best Chinese food I've ever had, but it definitely is one of the best Chinese places in Charlotte.
The regional offset is provided by which converts your Local to UTC.
If you are tired of subway or just want a great sub (hot or cold) come here!
Over all this is a solid BBQ rib place.
I think their delivery service is pretty good, it was quick and the delivery guy was friendly.
If I switch to another state and back to the map everything is also fine.
The best baked chicken I've ever had!
The Village Green is a Classic Small Town Tavern...
I will be back and recommend it to everyone!
Decent beer selection and regular visits from the legendary Bill Hanna (at least legendary for Double Door Inn visitors) solidify the Inn as a location for musical bliss any night of the week.
The food and drinks were delicious.
Using a HEAD request, you can do something like this:
The menu was as good as it gets.
My bf is a meat & potatoes man but he absolutely loves the breakfast Homefries with tofu instead of eggs.
For me, the best cheesecake in town.
identify a solid pattern to abstract a network layer to allow testability I've read various questions here on the argument like and others more specific questions as but I anyway feel to post the question.
the ones at Alexander Michael's are among the top three in this city!
There were plenty of choices in the Emerald Isle when I arrived, after midnight.
but I wanted to share this: Multithreaded Algorithms Chapter of the Cormen book.
But really, any type of meat or a veggie choice is going to be awesome.
Free wine tastings, cooking demos and samples, and the coolest butchers around serving up high quality meats!
In general it depends on the target.
Everyone does run CCTray, but the cc.net servers are not internet accessible so no login is required.
Very good BBQ, and AMAZING onion rings!!!
Because I am used to the home cooked variety, I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.
So either you should make the function pure virtual or provide a definition for it.
What is the max size of a db on the server?
If you want to delete any commit then you might need to use git rebase command git rebase -i HEAD~2 it will show you last 2 commit messages, if you delete the commit message and save that file deleted commit will automatically disappear...
Consider a Lattice generated by the rows of B.
I am running this on the firefox, it doesn't work on chrome at all.
It looked like they had other cozy group seating arrangements up on the second floor too.
I think that all regasm does is write all some stuff to the registry, so you could effectively do that from your VB code on startup if its not there and then you might be able to load the interop assembly.
Sample log: Why does this work: But this does not:
but trying to see if there is any direct command to find the latest ID of a file on remote server...
I even could've eaten a little more than was on the plate.
They will give you some Zanex to relax and trust me it helps.
It was a Bailey's chocolate mousse with whipped cream on the top.
The sampler platter was very unique for a BBQ joint and is a must to try if your are willing to try something new.\nThe Corn bread and sweet butter was a great compliment to the meet.
I would like it to be deletable, and so the solution is obviously just to use the former version, but it is still curious as to why this issue exists at all.
The food has a home made feel to it!
The pepperoni was authentic, thick, and spicy.
If they were located closer to me I would be getting more Pizza from them vs Fuel!
Now, I am not a local, and I have always noticed that in general Pittsburgh restaurants are much louder than what I am used to (San Fransisco CA, Louisville KY, Washington DC, Baltimore MD and Philly).
We are very, very, well traveled, and are extremely selective about where we stay.
I'm a beginner in Android programming, and I was reading about handling time consuming operations via IntentServices.
Just use to store the member function pointers and to bind together the member function pointer and the object instance.
Some of the best bar food in the state.
Great for a night out with friends, followed by indie movies at the Regent Square Theatre across the street.
If you are having problem with validation messages you can always check the codes for the validation errors using the collection on an instance.
Then when you feel comfortable you should consider a nice standalone template engine like Jinja2.
Add on some true \""Pittsburgh\"" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad, oh yes!) and other yummy munchies like a super stuffed chicken quesadilla and our fun time was complete!
We got it, it was good.
Find out more about these features at <a href="
Really relaxed atmosphere, nice low lighting, friendly staff.
Due to SouthPark codes, they had to make McDonald's blend in, and they did a nice job.
It's still worth the visit, and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price!
Even when it's busy, it's not that much of a headache to find an open machine.
If you want to give it a go, you can download the dev version from GitHub
There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape.
Ever since I went to Hong Kong, I have been a huge fan of Dim Sum :) Unfortunately, there are not a lot of places to get it in central Illinois, but this is one of them (if not the only one) and it is also surprisingly pretty darn good...
I just saw that they are now serving Chicago-style deep dish pizza!
\n\nButternut squash ravioli: There is a fancier name to this in house, but you'll see what I mean.
Whenever we walked into the restaurant we saw that not much has changed except for maybe the addition of a flat screen TV.
I would definitely give this store an opportunity for your business.
The jewelry is nice (and arguably the largest collection in the city for this type of store), but the tumbled stones are buried deep in the back of the store in such gloom you can barely make them out.
Accessing Encounter within EncounterPDFExport works OK, though.
\n\nAll in all, this place is great.
How to configure VNC to view xvfb?
I like this airport because:\n- It has jamba juice\n- It has lots of flights and connections\n- It is clean and the people are pretty friendly\n\nMy complaint?\n- walkways are WAYYYYYYYY too narrow for the volume of people walking down each concourse
Food was tasty but the seating could be more comfortable to a point of wanting to hang out for a bit to listen to music and have some drinks.
Love this place when i'm in Mt.
Use a lock-copy-move-unlock methodology, where you copy the file, write the new data, then move it (move, not copy - move is an atomic operation in Linux -- check your OS), and you check for the existence of the lock file.
Pretty typical stuff, nothing really \""Rusty-unique.\"" But...maybe I just don't know yet, need to visit more!
\n\nLet's break down the meal.\n\nFried Chicken: From the moment I took my first bite of the chicken breast, it was perfect cooked, juicy and hot, the meat was lightly battered, and the batter that was on it, was seasoned well.
Again, prices are a little higher for the basically self-serve food items, but sometimes you've just gotta support your local non-chain markets.
\n\nIf I were to golf, Cedarwood seems like a solid place to check out!
What kind of threading objects/features would I need -- mutexes, semaphores, events, or something else?
We popped in on a Friday night around 7, after discovering every other restaurant was jammed.
Every year on Black Friday, my mom, sister, 2 aunts and I come over for facials.
I much prefer planning poker or something similar that tries to group things within a similar order of magnitude and provide an estimate based on your previous estimations for similarly sized stories.
Follow these simple steps on how to run Python/Ajax crawls .
What it seems to be doing is running nsupdate and waiting until nsupdate is finished.
On it there was a good covering of good tasting cheese which did not fall off the pizza when eating.
Under Linux (and maybe some other unix-based operating systems), you can mount a formatted image file using the option of the mount command:
screenshot I am trying to figure if the transcription start site coordinate in A, is found within a gene (start coordinate is in B and end coordinate is in C).
In order to achieve this just add instance member to your discriminated union, which first derives specific union case from the instance and then constructs a new instance by the same union case, but now populated with : Now applying it to value below you'll get
I frequent this place because it's close to where I live, and I do team trivia on Wednesdays.
My insert into a database works perfectly, i just cannot update.
However, it is a new year and times have changed.
A dozen different salad options, mussels, cheese, olives, frittata...
Edit image in UIImageView and use new image I have an app where you enter information into some forms and press a button to email the image with the information from the forms put on the image.
There are no errors being thrown.
Not a short time later, a pile of thinly sliced cauliflower quinoa pilaf, garnished with edible orchids and microgreens, and SMOTHERED in a honey-butter broth appeared in front of my bulging eyes.
But it would have been all worth it, I swear!\n\nSo heed my warning, friends!
See - I suspect there is an explanation of an issue you've faced.
I'd simply create an arrow method, something like , which can call itself iteratively on the new instances.
Some options I thought are: using #defines - but it would make unportable (to use in other parts of the code).
You can then call the method in the normal way:
Make sure the same name "Cabin-Regular" is showing up exactly the same.
Following the tip by @Tomasz Kowalczyk using the example xaml from this rather incomplete post : In app.xaml ResourceDictionary put this style: The base class is called Then to tie it all together in each xaml.cs class: And .xaml file
You can only remove the last signature that was added.
They have the best potatoes in the burgh and it's good food that will stick to your ribs!
\n\nOur server noticed that we were taking a while to make our decisions, so when we were placing our orders, he gave us a couple of other suggestions...
CoreLocation offers a geocoder service ( CLGeocoder, Apple documentation) that allows for translation back and forth between lat/lon coordinates and street addresses.
This MSDN section deals with Custom Control Painting and Rendering and the documentation for Control.Region has a sample for making round buttons that you might be able to adapt.
jquery multiselect dropdown selected values I'm very new to javascript and jquery.
In my setup when using startup scripts I don't reboot the instances I rather delete them and create a new ones if required.
Another way is to create own web service which sends crash log to some database.
I'm pretty confident I could find a work-around the whole thing, but this behaviour seems odd enough to post here.
Good flavor, but not my favorite.\nAs for the Charlotte Roll, awesome.
Should it use the last style to be added to the CSS file?
I'm guessing about 1/3 of my plate was home fires.
How can I specify to tail that I only want it to write when a WHOLE line is available?
The examples I have found have failed on one or another of the requirements.
The sourcemap "thinks" that the original files are the output from concat, and the only transformation step that took place is the uglify step.
That database unfortunately existed on my server.
Good Golden Tee machine in an out-of-the-way nook.
We love Thai food & the Thai House doesn't disappoint.
They have outdoor seating that is secluded from all the hustle and bustle on Walnut Street so it's definitely ideal for a date in the summer.
I can sum it up in one word YUM!!
Buying a Gold Season Pass is the way to go.
Found the answer: The repeater had nothing to do with the problem.
We are at a football game here people come on.
I'm giving 5 stars because I love Michael Jordan and Kemba Walker!!
;P You also find that coment in this bug report (March 2011): Currently the hashed directories in allow for upper and lower case directory names...
I couldn't taste much besides the sweet potato, and even that was masked by the heavy spices added to the top.
Or create a UIView method like: and put this code there.
Passing nil for this parameter produces an exception.
Also at breakfast there was no food ready and we had to wait about 15 mins.
that means its a lot cheaper to just boulder.
You can pass in your own massages and I would suggest you extend the default set: You're probably better off doing it this way as it all goes into one parsing pot, gaining BeautifulSoups optimisations...
I love the general's or Orange Chicken.
One of the best Sushi experience I had so far.
Their half off appetizer deal on Fridays is pretty sweet too.
Food was very delicious but it's hard to swallow the price tags.
I've lived here 8 years and still can't find a place as good as this.
While Ed is correct that lately, it seems like there's more patrons wearing vertical striped oxford shirts and square toed shoes on their way to Brother's, they don't tend to stick around too long.
Excellent choice for Chinese food in Charlotte.
And personally, what's not to like about more ingredients that you can stick on the outside of a sushi roll?
I just need to fix a couple of bad records.
We also went there for some Rustic Italian or any hard shelled bread.
Also, they have Evian and Orangina, which is always nice.
I was working at a client site nearby and decided to run over to pick up some lunch for take-out.
I'm using dav_svn, apache2, Linux Ubuntu server 11.04 My dav_svn.conf:
The Moroccan Spiced Chicken and Dry Plum pizza is an exotic treat!
), no databases tables created for my Apps How should I do for this situation to move to the new database for my project?
It's a different (and often more cumbersome) way of writing code.
As \""Justin A\"" pointed out in his review, they have charging centers for your electronics which I love.
\n\nTheir regular menu is excellent, too.
Every Wisconsin fatty loves a good butterburger, we all know that, but what sets this Culvers apart from the others is the fact that its hands down the best one in Madison, and maybe even Wisconsin.
I am manipulating the index in another function.
There's also the Munchies Platter, with provolone sticks, onion rings, chicken wings.
You just need to change the value of size.
I know that is possible with the costructor .
Files related to unit tests use a similar directory structure; src/test/java and src/test/resources.
Add a JoinColumn annotation to your ManyToOne field to specify a column name different than the one inferred by jpa Something like
They didn't waste any time getting me my items.
The user must have a read/write/admin right to a company AND has to have a special right to read/write/admin the employee.
This place is alot like Vincents of Green Tree.
I've tried some convoluted attempts with nested if statements and have had no success.
Don't remember exactly what I had but remember it was good!
It uses some hard-coded constants for minimum size.
I've been going to Eddy for years.
If I leave it there, it works.
When the "USB Mass Storage" activity is started on top of the main activity, is called.
maven-release-plugin deploying SNAPSHOT I have a Maven project and now want to release it with the maven-release-plugin.
Here you can partition and store on disk, load small part each onto memory and search.
Following , I had a fake email like user@server.fake configured with git ( ) and registered on my .
Live music upstairs would have been too loud for our group to sit near it and talk.
However, indexed color images could be trickier to combine if each image has its own unique Now, if and contain different arrangements of colors, the two images can't be so easily combined.
I recently found myself writing a piece of code that executed a Core Data fetch, then allocated two mutable arrays with the initial capacity being equal to the number of results returned from the fetch: I looked this over again once I'd written it, and something struck me as odd: I was calling twice.
If I add a Product Id and then change the version of the Setup (minor upgrade), the Bootstrap fails with User cancelled installation?
This airport is clean, organized, and roomy enough for a good amount of traffic to not feel cramped.
Island are most definitely \""as big as your head,\"" and although probably meant for two, had no trouble eating the entire pastry by himself.
Everyone took the time needed to answer questions.
Your followup portions come by with waiters carrying large metal pans of small-batch prepped pasta.
Since it is a double value in my Server Data Model, I want to accept only numbers from the client for this property.
THE place that I went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh.
It was just so spicy even water wasn't helping.
I added the line to my method that returns the object collection and all my objects were returned.
WOOOO HOOOO!\n\nI really like this stadium, it's visually appealing & to me, no matter where I sit, I always have a good seat.
Contact form design issue in CSS I'm trying to code the below contact form in HTML&amp;CSS..
Using xcode 4.3 on OSX 10.7.3
Almost as if he was a long lost distant italian uncle you've always wanted.
Rather than doing it when deleting children.
Usually I hate homefries, but these were great!
'pathos' provides a fork of python's 'multiprocessing', where 'pathos.multiprocessing' can send a much broader range of the built-in python types across a parallel 'map' and 'pipe' (similar to python's 'map' and 'apply').
Is this a known problem with PyDev?
Eat'n Park is known for their \""Smiley\"" cookie (like a chewy black-and-white sugar cookie, but white, with a smiley face drawn in icing).
Hope you do well Tip Top!
They serve mediterranean fare; at least half the menu is vegetarian/easily vegan.
Basically I don't know where to start and I need your help!
\n\nI still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
Ive been here a dozen plus times and never left unsatisfied or anything less than stuffed.
With these methods, you can set alarms that will fire even if the device is in Doze.
They tend not to play nice well together.
I digged some more in the cassandra docs and think i got a better aubderstanding about the use of keyspace.
In fact, you don't really even need the container reference if you are sure it exists: As you can see, the only reason to get a container reference is if you want to perform an operation on the container itself (list, delete, etc.).
u need to handle pickerView delegate method here you simply return custom view(could be anything UIImage UILabel) and set userInteractionEnable property to no for customize view..
For example, it's possible to use checks in Python to fake OO-style "class-or-subclass" type constraints.
In the command dialog type .
Ordered a couple of Meat Lovers breakfast burrito's (with no egg, of course) and a good ol' Jumbo Jack with cheese.
The OS handles scheduling and dispatching of ready threads, (those that require CPU), onto cores, managing CPU execution in a similar fashion as it manages other resources.
Streaming H264 video for Logitech C920 using GStreamer produces a relief I'm trying to stream the native H264 video from a Logitech C920 camera using GStreamer 1.2.4: This produces an image output which is a kind of a relief: As soon as add more movement to the scene, the image quality improves but is still far away from being sufficent.
We sat outside on the balcony - beautiful and comfortable.
They have this great big glass window that you can see all the available kitties they have up for adoption.
I even struck a conversation with the guy who brought my burger about Android phones.\n\nFood was great!
I really love this family-owned/ran business.
Not able to load all the youtube iframe players on same page.
javascript callback not pushing data up to the top of the calls I am slowly learning how to use callbacks and I am running into trouble.
Unzip files in C# (using winzip command line) I'm trying to create program to unzip files.
I know that the problem is that the script is renaming the entire file, I just don't know how to proceed.
The code in your question compiles.
Edit: Oops, looks like the link was broken.
I have written a custom content processor to load the collision data using the Content Pipeline.
Why I think this is happening is that the function that calls isn't getting called at all, but it's being passed to as the first argument.
A cheaper approach is to provide a lambda expression which calls the appropriate function.
Given is my : Thanks in advance.
How to test someMethod without calling constructor of A?
If you like cheap, divey bars you need to get yourself to Teabags.
When I click on submit button having using this locator: it works and the next window opens.
I try to keep it as local as possible, so when I heard about a tailor in Carnegie I was intrigued.
In your insertion code you probably need to pick up that the value is "N/A"/null and then insert a DBNull instead.
Finally, there is ice cream kind of hidden in the back.
Without a doubt it is a great stop for both Coffee and Tea lovers.\n\nI don't get down to Market Square as often as I'd like, but when I do, there's always a stop at Nicholas Coffee Co.
I'll get to the bottom of this....
The fries are fresh cut and nothing is cooked until you order it.\n\nIf you choose to dine in, you will be greeted by the proprietor and casually asked to take a seat any where you like.
The shrimp one was a little bland but okay.
I can't remember the specific prices, but they seemed reasonable.
Focus Handling Focus movement is based on an algorithm which finds the nearest neighbor in a given direction.
If the optional argument maxreplace is given, the first maxreplace occurrences are replaced.
There was some kind of CMU business men event going on and within a minute the bar was packed with young eligible bachelors in suits.
Here's an initialization of timer: Here's a loop.
This is my helper class Database.php In the above code get_table function performs basic select operation....
And, while the parking isn't great now they are working on that and it should be better soon.
This problem is not limited to a single server as it happens on development machines as well as pre production and production servers.
I had some Blizzard-type thing, and it was delicious.
They are super busy because they are so great, so they have no need to do unnecessary repairs.
Memory leak when using SWFLoader in Adobe AIR I'm trying to load windowed sub-application in another windowed application, The requirement is to replace one loaded application with another on user action.
Basically, I wanted to have a dotted line (Say x=10,000) in only the major panel.
If I add the following to the pushed view controller then I can get the text to change: But I would like to understand why none of the other ways of trying to change it have any effect
I pretty much always get the chicken quesadilla which is awesome, so I really can't comment on anything else.
The brewery has a sitting area inside where the tour ends.
Oven backed pizzas are good, shrimp and grits ok but I've had better.
The hotel is 'grand' and the entrance is beautiful.
Find duplicates in excel workbook I have a excel workbook that i want to find all duplicate rows across all the sheets and highlight them.
All application that is based on C heavily relies on C library functions.
I didn't get to browse long, but I was there long enough to see 2 new books I want to read.
rustic, oh yeah, and bring cash!
Nightwatch: Get text value of an element when hover over it I have an element on a page that when I hover over it, a tooltip is displayed with text.
It would definitely be a knife & fork pie.
The atmosphere doesn't pretend to be a place for \""hanging out\"" and talking anyway, so you want to eat and go.
Pretty good from a fast food joint, huh?
How can I do this using javascript?
The clam chowder is good, their seafood pizza is awesome.
So I injected the MyClass() instead of creating a new instance and bound it in the ApplicationConfig.
(java) I have one java project in netBeans.
Generally INSERTS are &lt; ~1ms and the SaveChanges ~1ms.
Then you need to implement the click handler.
The Grecian chicken is the best!
I didn't feel like I was taking my dog to some overly commercial MedVet (the worst place you can go) or chain.
So try moving all those resources into that folder.
Their sauce is just the right amount of sweet and I enjoyed it.
All tasks are made to be done solo, if you encounter problems you may ask help for a specific mathematical or programming concept, but you can't just decide to ask how to solve the problem at hand - takes away the point of project Euler.
The program is oversimplified to illustrate concept.
But my static const constructors are not being called.
The clam chowder was sinfully delicious, with a heavy cream base and tons of flavor.
I would highly recommend the lamb curry which is spicy and comes with fragrant basmati rice.
Cheese curds came from a bag, but were some of the better ones I've ever tried.
The great service and a variety of Italian meats (warm and juicy but not too hot) made this one if the best hoagies I ever had.
The variable is only in scope inside the do while loop.
Jquery UI Datepicker I'd like to change the Default , but I can't seem to get it to work.
You have a pretty big choice selection of places to eat.
My first time to visit, and I hit a GREAT sale.
I really like this place!!!\n\nThe food is cooked to order and everything I've tried has been delicious!\n\nThe pita bread is always soft and fresh warmed to perfection with whatever topping you choose burgers, chicken breast or make it into a gyro!
It essentially computes the differences between two files and uses that to create a compressed delta used to compute the changes.
D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!
So I have created additional data series assigning grayscale colors to the series.
For dessert the chocolate cake is a must!!
I placed my order online and in no time I got the call he was a minute away.
Went here for dinner twice in 1 week when I was craving Indian food.
Can't say enough about the place.
The client side is an Apache server.
I am new in iphone application developer i am using sqlite3 database and in app delegate i am wright following code and run properly we also find value from database to in my aplication, but immediately the application is going to crass why this is occurs i am not understand.
Convert string to date and merge data sets R I have a column of data in the form of a string, and I need to change it to date because it is a time series.
For example, something like: This results in the error
You can pass data by creating a Bundle and adding it to the Intent object, then retrieving the Intent and reading the Bundle data in afterwards.
So, if that's your thing, go for it but be prepared.
The dst information is captured by the value of the timetuple.
For Junk values, Try to change the baud rate!
About 15-20 craft beers on tap.
We self-host our video (flowplayer) and playing in-line works fine, but when we star a post with our own inline video, we get a small thumbnail preview with description text on the right.
The best thing about this place however was our waiter, who is getting married in Jackson Square down here in NOLA this August, bless his heart.
\n\nThe waitress was an adorable woman who was so friendly, helpful and enthusiastic about the dishes in a quiet manner.
\n\nOne of the six of us got the wrong dish, but she ate it.
If you don't mind losing all the data, you can run BIG CAVEAT - this will delete your database and all your data.
I can't fault them for the table next to us being loud and drunk; I guess the wine must be good.\n\nThe stroganoff crepe was delicious, as was the Nutella crepe for dessert.
Both these functions have specific meanings while they do the same task.
The pulled pork sandwich is equally delicious and the serving size is more than generous.
It didn't feel overly loud, but I would try and go at off hours if you are a large group, simply because I'm not sure they could have fit more than one group of over 4 people.
As instructed on many threads (for example ) - I've installed DARK JUNO (as instructed on the link) I've installed Eclipse Color Theme plugin from eclipsecolorthemes.org (as instructed on the link) And still, the results are partly dark, partly light color scheme with strage font sizes and very strange (and ugly look).
and Ellen and company make it an excellent, nay, perfect experience!
I stopped at Matt's for a quick bite while attending a conference.
It is BYO, but I didn't see the corkage fees listed on their menu.\n\nOverall, a solid place for homecooked Italian eats.
I looked over the other reviews and I don't get it.
* - note that since wildfly-apec-api is a pom artifact (and not a jar) you need to use the import scope and not provided.
I ordered the half portion of salmon, so I can account for portion size there, but it was great!
This review is based on this location's truck delivery alone.
Therefore, clicking the "decline" option could give them the false sense that they have cancelled the appointment when in fact our system has no idea what they've done within their calendar.
How do I get 'rake test:acceptance' to run successfully on Windows?
That is why that syntax cannot work.
Can't wait to give it a try.
Using coordinates to reference a piece may not be optimal for game play.
Locate the url in the browser.
Select the 'Visibility' pane on the left.
Edit: To clarify, I loop through the array returned by json_decode() and compare the data directly to the Database via SELECT and INSERT STATEMENTS - which works but is slow as hell, because the data is huge Because the user has to wait for this to ensure data integrity, I decided this should be sped up.
How can I add a line to one of the facets?
Needless to say that it was not exactly what the picture was and not at all what I wanted.
Since I got it veggie instead of meat, it also had peppers, onions, celery, broccoli and a slew of other welcoming and tasteful vegetables.
My switch to was for social rather than technical reasons.
Similar to the information on the The available.packages() command has a "fields" argument, but this only extracts fields from the DESCRIPTION.
What's more, many of the items are from local or family-owned businesses.
However, the shuffling of parameters that you were doing in the example code shown in the question is wrong !
I found that the current directory changes at some point from the dll location (and may never even be the dll path).
PHP cURL sitemap generator Hi All I am having a problem with my sitemap generator it works great on a few thousand URLS but when it gets to 20000 URL it starts to go wrong is there anything else i can be doing to help prevent this Thank you
Below is a simplified example that works as you intended.
Do you have a link to a reference?
Good bar food doesn't have to be good.
I've seen other people report issues with grey tiles, which typically can be resolved with a call to: Unfortunately this does not resolve my issue.
The Finder object should define a function called This method will be called with the fully qualified name of the module.
The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite.
Exported jar finds some files (not all) even though the paths are the same When I run my program from eclipse, it shows up fine, the images from Resources\ show up, as do the sounds from the same place, and the text files are found properly.
I still end up touching up after they're done, but I usually don't have to do much.
Reference: C++03 Standard: 10.3 Virtual functions [class.virtual] A virtual function declared in a class shall be defined, or declared pure (10.4) in that class, or both; but no diagnostic is required (3.2).
I order an extra side of gyro meat $2.50 and it is a feast that quenches my XL appetite at dinner time.
Yum, yum!\n\nThis location is larger than the Mint Street location so, finding a place to park or sit is not a problem.
Best BLT, fried pickles and pasta salad(with Stevie's dressing.) One of my favorites in Charlotte.
That is, unless you're flying out of Gate E...prepare for a trek.
I whant to use an image with transparent background.
Furthermore, they have a kids' menu and offer hearty breakfast specials.\n\nWhenever we have out-of-town guests/family members, we always bring them to OPH because they never disappoint.\n\nIf you come on weekends, I would advise you to get there before 10 a.m.
I'm using HTK 3.4.1 stable version and LInux ubuntu 16.10
That doesn't make sense, I think using generics here is the answer.
any pointers would be much appreciated, thanks
First, I would review my SQL 2000 code and get to the bottom of why this deadlock is happening.
I ordered the Thai Kew Teaw which was grilled noodles, chicken, peppers, grilled onions, and a heavenly sriracha-esque sauce.
The main difference is that {@link} generates an in-line link rather than placing the link in the "See Also" section.
What am I missing or doing wrong?
gyros, fries, and drinks to go.
php -v shows there's OPcache in place.
\n\nWe both got salads; one tuna & one salmon.
I attempted to use the DefaultIfEmpty and looked at the resultant SQL query generated by the Entity Framework, but it didn't work.
I read a few of the reviews of Mad Mex and quite a few reviewers called their food Tex Mex and I don't see it that way.
One way is to use an observer design pattern, perhaps using PropertyChangeSupport to update deltaTime whenever a new Body is created.
Multiple FileUploads with Multiple Submit Buttons I have for example 5 fileupload controls and Also I have a submit button for each of them (in front of each fileupload control) which will upload that fileupload's selected file(s).
You can do this with custom parsing logic, or you can leverage pre-built code (in this case, a CSV library).
while that may be useful, im mainly concerned with loading into the html atribute
Try searching the web for how to create an excel spreadsheet in Python.
The same behaviour as with in you can archive in with a class called .
note: page1.aspx and page2.aspx both have the OnLoad logic I describe above.
I love the pretzel cones, but everything is good.
\n\nStarted out with the lobster mac and cheese (delish), some ordered salads and my mom ordered the sausage flatbread (delish).
I didn't like that you have to put your keycard in a slot in the wall to turn on the power in the room.
The food quality itself honestly isn't bad for fast food.
Not a very clear question but you can use a query like this: ( untested )
So I'm guessing that on the second page of your example there are two rows with 0 unique events, and the rest have 1 unique event - so that they add up to 21 unique events.
It puts on very cool photography exhibits and has a variety of educational programs for digital and film photography for teens and adults.
Active Record has_many generates sql with foreign key IS NULL I don't expect a model with NULL as foreign key to belong to anything!
Why would anybody go to the Olive Garden or Red Lobster.
This review isn't meant to trash ice skating.
I want to distribuite my extension on my server ( shared ) and on Chrome webstore.
Just select the cell the highest sum of those two columns.
The friend I go with gets the French Dip and sings its praises all day long.\n\nThe prices are a bit on the high side - over $10 for lunch - but frankly, the food is so good I'm glad to pay the extra couple of dollars.
So the probability I'm interested in is Cumulative Probability: $P(X \geq 5)$ which = 0.050 in this case.
I've been in and out of this airport for years, both as a Charlotte resident and as a transfer hub, and I've never had a bad experience.\n\nMy favorite airport moment at Charlotte-Douglass was when I returned late one night and had to get to my car, which was parked in the remote lot.
Location sober and was pretty impressed with the quality of pie and quality of service.
I think the majority of our group ended up staying until last call.
Because we are going to have 3 clusters of points, and we are going to run this algorithm 3 times, we need 9 initial points (or ) in total.
I would like to install two packages (pyrsistent and rpy2) using pip.
\n\nThe food is, as the other reviews say, wunderbar.
Last time I was there the southern tier 2xipa was on.
As someone who was not able to drink I was equally impressed by their delicious rootbeer also on draft.
The jwrapper docs don't describe the changes made to the jar, except for the use of pack200.
and with that's way I can recv / send for each client.
Creating tabs with different heights in Android How I can create the following layout?
Set maximum of upload size in a asp.net application in asp.net I cant set my upload limit with the value:"maxAllowedContentLength".
This new process could be any type of process (some pre-built program running a task or another custom nodejs process).
This salon caters to customers of all ages and types from Downtown businessmen to students at the nearby Point Park University.
If not please post your need of event processing pattern and let's see.
Vertically align text within input field of fixed-height without display: table or padding?
The best solution is to return a string object: Note that I also changed the function name to match what it does.
Chicken gnocchi soup could have been a bit spicier.
\n\nIG is a Chinese American restaurant in the burbs of burbs that serves burbanites, but man it had that feeling.\n\nThe Russian friend and I went there on a Sunday night for their Peking Duck special.
You can test this, for example, installing Adobe Digital Edition.
i want the report to be downloaded with times being sorted by the Highest mean time above so that it is easier to make sense of what is taking more time during execution.
This review is based on the BBQ sandwich and macaroni - awesome.
A little dim, leather sofa's, pool tables, well dressed clients.
As guys already mentioned, signature is just a part of the email body.
Great service, good vibe, extremely clean and bright!!
It's not too difficult to make it from one end of the building to the other, if you need to.\n\nMy favorite spot is the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Co.
How do i simulate 2 / 3 user clicks @ particular location on screen ?
This may occur if you started transaction explicitly.
\n \nI haven't had Pad Thai in a super long time so I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai.
I've been to Fox and Hounds all over the country so I knew what to expect.
Are you sure your class hierarchy is right?
They then top it with lettuce tomato, avocado mayo, fried peppers, sliced avocado and pepper jack cheese.
Powershell Http post request Read over the stackoverflow for the answer, still can't find what causing this..
Been going here for years, but a recent visit reminded me why I like this place.
std::lock_guard does not compile This does not compile because pthread_mutex_t is not valid template argument.
Using boost::ref to indicate intention in coding conventions When functions take non-const refs as arguments, it can create hard-to-read code because at the calling site it is not obvious which inputs might be changed.
EF6 DB First Pre-Generated Views difficulties The 50 seconds it takes EF to complete it's first query (as compared to milliseconds for the same or similar queries when it's warm) is making my MVC website look bad.
The sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.\n\nThe pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites:\nFiori's\nPizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch)\nPizza Perfectta\nAiello's (Murray Street)\nBeto's\n\nSave for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.
The decor and service were impeccable.
On the plane ride coming into Pittsburgh last week, all he could talk about was Beto's.
Their hoagies are also very good.
It w cooked well and had a dill cream sauce on it.
He got the job done, with a smile and his work was perfection.
Generally speaking, car repairs suck but the mechanics here make the process here easier.
The only bad thing (which is really a great thing) is all menu choices, especially if you're a vegetarian.
Best waitress/bartender on the block :)
I don't even know if there is another place that offers Italian Beef on their menu, but I would still eat another one here if I was pheenin' for one.
The potatoes were also half butter.
The Uppity IPA was very good...
The keywords do not contain words that should should be generated by ajax calls when Javascript executes so e.g.
You might also want to do a null check before you try and do the count to avoid any null reference exceptions:
I always got the $3.95 breakfast at least I think it was $3.95 all I know is it costs less than $5 for a meal.
Everything I have tried here I have loved!
This place is a great frame place!
Even though she really couldn't answer a lot of our questions about the food, she was swift and made sure we were taken care of.
the solution was there lying in my question but at first i was not able to find it.
Tired of uptown chains and overprices bistros, head to this place.
Other then that I defiantly recommend a stay here.
It reminded me of one of my favorite bars in Chicago so it really felt like home.
Again, without subquery : Key element is to add to the window function(s): -> sqlfiddle Here, you , before you run the result through the window function.
Pass all the arguments with and : Demo:
Instead of 7 INSERT calls to the database per custom post, I end up with 2 making a gynormous difference when attempting to process multiple custom fields while iterating over a large number of posts - in my case now, 20k entries are processed to completion within 15-20min (vs a situation where I would experience a dropout after ~17k posts and a few hrs of processing time)...
I've listed those in order of my favorites, though they were all good and I'd gladly have them all again.
I am in development mode at the moment and my app/config file looks like this My contact Controller is like this and finally my Notification Mailer Am I missing anything obvious here as I have implemented this in another site which worked fine, just cant figure out what is going on Any help appreciated
Walnut Burger is the way to go..
Plus, if you're info older and classic cars, they can do a restoration too.
Unfortunately the Bobcats have never had that one star player that makes you want to go see a game just to watch him but I think they are doing there best to get to that level.
It retrieves values into the second drop down menu successfully.But on selecting a value from the second menu the page refreshes and I'm left with an two unselected drop down menus.
Why are you replacing it with ?
When one event is raised, we can find the corresponding subscriber types, and get all the subscriber domain objects from data persistence and then call the corresponding handle methods on each subscriber.
being a foodie, I'd give Picasso's 3 stars.
The atmosphere was wonderful, a very classy place, even a coat check!
big plus was that although their hours sign on the front door said they closed at 7, they stayed open to accomodate anyone who came in, even when someone called at 7:30 and asked if they could still come in and get their nails done.
While the above code works, it's obvious that it's not a clean implementation and thus why I'm trying to refactor it into SQLAlchemy's cleaner, more robust ORM paradigm.
\n\nSome friends and I decided to go to Musashi for dinner last Saturday.
I have the following concerns about these differences: That my (apparently) querystring data is not being read because it's not being sent correctly ($_GET as opposed to $_POST) That there is possibly validation code in the PHP that saves the data after this post that is blocking it somewhere Can anyone explain what exactly the differences here are and how I can emulate the form's post as per my requirement?
Upgraded passes also include Scarowinds, priority seating on popular rides, or admission to other Cedar Fair parks around the country if you travel.\n\nMaybe because I'm a native to the area, but I can't imagine summer without Carowinds.
The place was alot busier than I was expecting.
\n\nThey had a lot of shopping options to keep you busy as well and a spa/massage which is genius because I'm sure many people are achy after their flights!
Every so often though, I like to wear vintage clothing that I've bought here!\n\nThe collection here is certainly eclectic enough.
Just the right mixture of everything when they made up your drink of choice.
It's clean and the people offer plenty of southern hospitality.
Oh yeah, you should also stay away from the chicken strips.
Declare statusLabel in DisplayConn.h as Try like this i think it will be helpful to you.
Their burgers are really good, as are the rocket tots.
\n\nAs far as the train experience itself, you get large wide seats with built in leg reclining via a side lever.
When a workflow or transaction is complete then move that data out and into a Reporting database, which is much better designed to hold historical data.
What I would like to know is the following: Would they have problems opening my ASP.NET pages in Dreamweaver?
The mongoose methods themselves "hide" this away, but the native driver methods have no knowledge.
Next day we had our dogs with us.
Here's a tip: order the pretzel.
/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -lfreetype qt Compiling on Fedora 10.
Is the user supplied name important?
The screen looks like this: Step 6: Build and run the project I would start the server first and then start the client.
Late spring, strolling along the cobblestone streets window shopping when the sky darkens, and the clouds open up.
McSorley's Dark, not only on draft but served in half pints as God intended.\n\n2.
Both computers are on the same network.
If not, you have two choices : "Inherited from container" (which should be the workspace default, in your case UTF-8) and "Other" which let you choose a specific encoding (ISO-88591)...
Where to put the database access I have an entity class which is persisted to a database via JPA and I have a Utility class which does the persisting and reading for me.
Thought about checking which browser is open by browsing the processes or checking the window, but how would I find it out?
They did my flowers for prom, and I was super satisfied.
What more can I say about Kards Unlimited that hasn't already been stated?
There are multiple overloaded of Add method at least in NH version 3.0.0.4000.
I always get 2 slices, 1 mushroom 1 plain and an italian hoagie with lettuce pickles mayo \n\nI truely cant wait to get back to the burgh to have some betos\n\nA down side to betos is it gets pricey if you eat alot.
So Mardi Gras was usually a must stop whenever I went out on a Friday or Saturday night in Shadyside during college.
Edit.jsp Update.jsp When I pressed the Submit button, it redirected me to and nothing was changed.
When catch exceptions I usually find that more specific is better, that being said typing out all of those different blocks that do the same thing can get really annoying.
The advice in the comments is still valid about reducing the number of threads, however as it stands the multiplication happens very quickly.
I prefer to walk because parking is less than ideal and I live close by.
Still reaching for my wallet bartender looks at 50 dollar tab with no tip.
It was very tasty and not at all chewy.
I have tried doing below But if I try this way I am getting below error: Can anybody help me on this?
By default, content scripts run at level: Chrome waits until the page has completely loaded before executing it.
AuthToken is protection from csrf attacks.
Looking forward to the Democratic convention next year to be able to go back to Bubba.
Pretty reasonable prices too if you want beers/pitchers also (which you will).
Just use : I'm assuming is a C-style array until you say otherwise.
So, I can connect to mysql only via root.
Going from c to f has a chance of 50% and it's 1 jump, so you get r = 0.5*0.9^0*100 = 50.
The getInstance method then uses $type to define $tableClass as you can see below.
Update time: How easy is it to win me back?
The web views have set to .
Decent size, decent selection, decent staff.\n\nI guess that can wholly sum this place up, it's decent.
You already took my breath away.
Seems like some old code in the selectmenu API that just never worked, and when upgrading jQuery, it starts throwing errors.
I really appreciate their demeanor and customer service they provided to me.
After overcoming my caveman urges to tuck in to the obviously too-hot-to-eat-yet steak, I instead ate some of the asparagus we ordered as an appetizer.
The URL in the browser reads: Note that the myshopify.com portion of the URL is repeated twice and the user is not sent to the redirect URI I specified.
Subquery returns more than 1 row i dont know When i trying get the "tytul" field i catch this error
I thought it might be a problem with the API key, so I created a second one and swapped it with the first, this did not fix the problem.
I like being able to buy marketplace hummus dip AND toilet paper.
If you haven't been here yet, might I suggest checking out the Sunday brunch buffet first to get a good feel for what they have to offer.
Where in Flash you have a button, radio button, dropdown, or menu for every property of a movieclip, image, button.
Of all places, this is my wife's 2nd favorite, her favorite being a joint just up the road in Rantoul.\n\nWife has been going since her college days in the 90's and to date she has not had a bad experience (maybe the only eating establishment that holds that distinction).
Dependency Properties are intended to have a single owner, and should be statically instanced.
So long, in fact, that he has moved offices.
I've read the function description and it should work properly.
This was the first thing I've tried.
I would be ok, with simple description, maybe pulled from the name or convention of the method name and a mention of the parameter types that it expect.
Make sure it only (for example ) and use it to set the sort order using : Now you only have to add two s on your table to pass both the property name and the ascending boolean so you can create a reusable listener for all your tables.
Peanut butter (wasn't anything super special, but the flavors above were superb!)\nI binge are three & didn't feel guilty.
I may not be a truck driver, but I do appreciate the portion sizes.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I ordered mushrooms on half because my boyfriend doesn't like them and it was on the whole pizza ( I loved it though).
My whole flight from SF to Charlotte had no service since its over night.
The audio quality gets degraded to quite an extent with random screeches in between.
You can use the msgshow.java demo program that comes with JavaMail to dump out the entire structure and content of the message.
Also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party.
:) In my opinion, it was good but doesn't do well as a leftover.
Here is what I get after calling :
Thai Cuisine has many traditional dishes as well, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before.
Initially, I thought I had it figured out using a CyclicBarrier, however I am seeing threads executing after my await call.
from the documentation: I'd recommend to setup a logger, sentry together with raven is rather convenient and you get to configure your own log level and handler.
They're still super fresh with a good amount of meat, so this is just a matter of preferences, not quality.\n\nRegardless of the meh pho, I can't stress enough that it's totally worth it to come here for the coconut milk bun!
Pass it as a string and convert to boolean in Javascript: See <a href="
You need to use instead of in your printf statement
However, in Facelets 1.x, which is to be used standalone in JSF 1.x projects, the XML namespace for JSTL is different, it should not contain the path.
Could you please help me on this?
However, I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.
\nFYI, they are closed on Monday, I heard them tell someone.
The problem is the API don't provide distance object.
It's mostly simple code and log output.
I just did upload the image from local and its display in same page and also i need to apply the effects in it.This is my script My Html code: How can i apply the effects which image is uploaded by user.
The following is not working properly because if i just move the mouse throughout the list, all the elements will show up (even though with a delay of 1 sec.)
The treadmills are sufficient for running but Uptown is completely side-walked so if you prefer running outside its 'safe' from traffic at least.
Hard to find a soft shell crab roll that the tempura is done well.
I'd like to eliminate or suppress the warnings but don't know how.
We stacked loaves of bread in the car as well.
You might be able to use an approach which avoids this extra round-trip to the datastore.
I ordered the jumbo chicken wings with greens and mac-n-cheese as my sides.
I would like to define the number of threads that should be spawned myself (after some testing) and run the tasks on those threads.
\n\nExpect to pay heavily for this experience, it is well worth it.
Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets.
I needed an Atmos clock repaired, which was given to me by my mother who had recently passed away.
More information about using SkiaSharp can be found on the API documentation online For who needs a practical quick start on how to use it here some examples: Getting an SKCanvas Drawing Text Drawing Bitmaps Drawing with Image Filters
Ladies, before you get all dolled up, you've been forewarned.\n- Slow.
I would put this in the top 5 Italian eateries in Charlotte.
Refreshing PayPal OAuth token I develop payout system which is based on PayPal's payouts.
I'm completely bewildered by the bad reviews I've read.
\n\nI've had the pleasure to dine here 3 times and although the menu has changed every time I'd like to think I have an excellent idea of the quality of this place.
the training rewards treats are perfect for her tiny mouth and soft enough for her to chew.\n\nI have walked around the store some and all areas have a good variety to choose from no matter what you are looking for.\n I love that I can take my animals in the store.
So much so that I didn't even bother with the other two spreads.
If you want to do things like "get me all users that start with the letter 'a'", I'd use a .
Thanks for any help you can provide.
If there is only one after the first split then only two parts is fine as long as the lines in both parts is arround 500.
I believe there are a few questions asked, so I will answer them accordingly in the comments: I'd like the label to display the current selection of the date picker updating every time the date picker is adjusted in the format as the following, Sunday 9th February 2014 14:00 set the picker so that users can only choose a date and time in the future, nothing from the past!
Peel away website effect with javascript only I have seen corner screen peel away effects that use flash (swf files).
Do you know how to fix this?
Make sure your web server is powered to use PHP and other drivers related to your project.
I can't wait to go back here!
string buffer for pszProfilePath cannot have a length greater than 260.
StreamHub Comet Server seems to be the most popular these days.
I like the cheese area but I never know what to get and so I've never bought cheese here.
Moving to the new hood in Dormont means finding a new go to bar.
good pizza the smoked mozzarella \n is the best
Pizza is great and the stuffed peppers were perfect!
The service is good - I especially like the man who has been refilling water glasses since I was in middle school and always smiles at you.
Now i need to add the Feedlistactivity as a Fragment in my Main Activity.
If so, is it possible to set it to the user's home folder in a cross-platform way?
I've had their soup, fried rice, dumplings, rice sticks, and some Korean stir fry thing and they're all pretty good.
Beautiful view from the room and the BATHROOM !!!!\nStaff was very helpful, Rooms clean - Embers restaurant food good but limited menu.
While not quite as bad as you would expect, it's still the standard grease-laden goodies that just seem to go great with beer.\n\nThe one detriment to this place for me was that they allow smoking inside.
I'm glad I took a stroll inside this weekend.
stop 4 on our 7 state pho tour - and everything else you read is true.\n\nmy thoughts were like this...\nsmall, border line clean, authentic, no tripe?, took forever to get food on the table, excellent pho, nice little place.
We ordered a pizza and new people sitting next to us started asking us about the pizza.
I believe that my error is because depth is a method of the Node class and not a regular function.
There are ways to work around these flaws, like throwing errors from methods which should be abstract, but these work arounds are annoying and not very elegant.
Synchronized block and monitor objects Hi can someone explain if the in the following code the synchronized code will restrict access to the threads.
I found myself in Pittsburgh one Sunday morning while pursuing the baseball parks of America, and a little bit of preemptive research made it unavoidable to visit Pittsburgh and NOT have a Primanti Bros.
The is optional from the perspective of just executing the process, and collecting all the stdOut/stdErr into a list of lines.
MySQL replication from Linux to MySQL on Windows over SSH?
By default, the is used, which automatically downloads the resolved references.
The outside (and inside) is unassuming, but the food is authentic (as far as I know) and yummy.
Mozeyani for giving me my vision so seamlessly.
Cover for guys is $5 on the weekends, free for girls.
It won't get picked up in a query, but I can easily download it individually to synchronize my cache.
But generally, I'm not aware of any cases where DotNetNuke will prevent you from doing something you can do outside of DNN.
Wrap the code in a try..catch block:
This is verified in the source code : So, unless you rewrite yourself some code, there's no way to use Canny with a larger aperture size.
We checked in very late but the concierge was very helpful.
The calamari was served with some kind of teriyaki sauce which gave it lots of flavor - delicious.
Then you can put keys and values directly into the map instead of temporary storing them as strings in a vector.
\n\nMy girlfriends and I met on Saturday for a little shopping and lunch, and while we were waiting for our one friend, we hopped into the Coffee Tree for a morning tea.
The menu is unique and diverse.
Click Browse that appears on the left, select your NSF file that contains the contacts.
The code to be optimised is: from SkipIterator and: from SZGenericArrayEnumerator .
Sandy is a true professional and really listened to what I was saying about how my hair reacts to different things and they way I like it to look (unlike the other places I had gone, hence the tiger-head.) After a wonderful head massage during the deep conditioning treatment and a fantastic blow-out, i was on my way to face the world looking 100% better than when I walked in.
I thought it might be some kind of masking problem, but I haven't been able to figure it out.
Does the new version explain the change in that behaviour?
There is also a TV in this area.\n\nThe bathrooms are very large but are single file type so gotta wait if in use.\n\nthe cafeteria downstairs is renovated and I am sorry that I cant tell you about the food there because it closes at 2pm!
Too bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day.
So, convert your code to use a instead.
We even have a cell phone lot where you can wait for you loved one to let you know they have arrived, at which point you can go pick them up from the baggage claim.
If not, then doing something like that function does 'by hand' (along the lines of what Xīcò suggested) should work: basically first calling and then add some platform dependent byte swizzeling and mirroring (see convertToGLFormatHelper(...) in the source ).
What impressed me was that the detail person didn't try to convince me of paying him for things that might not have helped or made my paint situation worse.
This is usually an indication that you're mixing dirty dlls with different versions together.
Parking is also quite expensive unless you have elite status here, but then that's pretty much anywhere in uptown.\n\nExpect larger crowds for the bigger conventions in town as this hotel is literally across the street from the convention center.
I absolutely love it!\n\nIf you haven't tried it, do it.
I was half mesmerized by the presence of TVs all around the wall of the bar.
Just note that this method modifies the on which you invoke it.
The pizza itself ended up being really solid.
well the solutionin fact deleted some random files so I have taken it off until I figure out why.
The obvious fix, of course, is to simply change the plot area using , but this is not preferable in all cases; for example, if the x axis is time, then moving the minimum x value to -1 to show activity at 0 does not make sense.
If you're lucky, you'll hear Carol affectionately refer to each customer as \""Dearheart\"" as she offers up suggestions and samples to ensure that the customer gets exactly what they're looking for.\n\nThe balsamic and olive oil selections are just as impressive as are the fresh pastas, local breads, olives, and Italian cured meats.
Most browsers have some form of tool that allows you to inspect the current state of the DOM, such as the inspector in webkit browsers or firebug in firefox.
what is difference between creating webservice in http and I am working on creating rest service in java using Jersey.
Ok after some trial and error I appear to have solved this issue now.
So what if i cook my steak for 10 seconds...rare is good yo...\nGoing with a large group is smart.
It reads the character as multibyte char.
I did take the stairs a few times when I didn't want to wait and going up and down to the third floor was surprisingly un-strenuous.
EDIT 2: I can think of many more examples of things that should be case insensitive Examples of things that should be case insensitive Usernames Urls File extensions / File names / Directory names / Paths Machine / servernames State / Country / Location etc FirstName / LastName / Initials Guids Month / Day names Examples of things that should be case sensitive Passwords
On one very busy night, service was super slow, but the staff was still friendly and the delicious hookahs kept things calm.
\nI was road tripping with my friend and she was doing some bike racing down south.
But when i run the program the log are not written into thelog file.
A VM is a big task to consider.
Located at the intersection of Morehead and McDowell, Don's tennis has everything a tennis fan/player would want.
I also asked for a single filet of the salt and pepper catfish, which was very good also.
If you have a 5 second animation and you stop it in the middle and then you restart the same animation with the same final point for the animation and you tell it to run for 5 seconds, it will go slower because it has less distance to go in the 5 seconds.
For example, I am sending an email with some attachments.
I asked the waitress what was the most requested item and she said, \""You're drinking it honey.\"" pointing to my Iron City pint.
:D\n\nThe Charlotte hub has to be my favorite for US Airways, since I hate PHL and I haven't been to PHX.
The opposite of 2 ^ n The function a = 2 ^ b can quickly be calculated for any b by doing .
I created assets folder in packages/apps/Camera/ and added the test.txt file in the folder.
The soup wasn't too thick that it overshadowed the clams, onions and potatoes.
From a guy's perspective, Carmon's is a perfect place for a date: great atmosphere, awesome food, and you get to show off your sophisticated and cultured ways.
You need to create a comparer that can compare tuples in such a way that the order of the items doens't matter: Note that an exclusive or of the hash codes is an operation that is going to have the same result regardless of the order of the operands, making it desirable here (but not in most hash code generating algorithms, as it's usually an undesirable property).
Gingerbread cheesecake or something along those lines.
I'm not quite sure how this phenomenon is achieved, but it's kudos-worthy.
Try providing margins around your EditText Background like this,
\n\nThe bar is small but I am never there except for a quick nightcap.
The main courses were cooked perfectly and delish!
Admission is expensive, so if you find yourself going there more than once a year I highly suggest buying the membership.
So compares X with a known value and the result is known (true or false).
After taping a pic to a arm rest he went to work by drawing a sketch on my arm for 45 minutes and when I saw what he had done I was more than impressed.
Remember: arguments are just local variables filled with values.
If I press a Button the related position in the Matrix should change the value to 1.
\n\nMy only disappointment with Cosmos Cafe would be that we went there once for my birthday (because that's where I wanted to go).
Please help me how to do that?.
Service was as quick as you can get and still have been freshly made!
I had the buffalo chicken sandwich--the chicken was grilled just right without being too dry, and the buffalo sauce was perfect (hot, but not overwhelmingly so).
Thanks a lot for reading thru this !
But i want to get other information about stores as well like opening and closing time of each store etc.
I've seen examples of INSERT INTO [table] EXECUTE usp_proc, but I haven't seen it with inserting with other values not from stored proc output.
We started off with soups; I went with the hot and sour soup and my husband chose the won-ton soup.
Some other open-source database management systems of this type do exist, but do not appear to be strongly viable for some reason, such as a lack of apparent vendor commitment.
Or maybe even this "vote" count is related to installations and not actual usage of the software.
If so, you can simplify the regex by allowing any number of non-blank characters after the N or M: It is not clear from that question what should happen to lines such as:
Say you uploaded the image to the root of example.com you would change the src to " Since you want it as your background image, you should use some css such as:
The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were.
\n\nThe 1st items to come out are the ginger salad and soup.
Running gradle with the --info flag to determine the command being run: In the output you should see a command containing with a full path.
\n\nWorth a visit if you're looking for upscale dining with authentic italian dishes.
And I mean really, REALLY priced to move.
\n\nThe upside is there is SO MUCH coffee to choose from.
I miss going to this place.
\n\nClean airport, attendants in bathrooms, good selection of food establishments, decent prices, sufficient places to sit, with seating also near outlets to charge your devices.
Since you have there will be space remaining on the right and left side to separate the .
I dunno, something like that, but it had all kinds of enchiladas and stuff with it and he said it was good - even the corn frittery thing that was on the side.
Here is the code This is the output from the above code Any suggestions?
Ok I got the solution, I have remove the click functionality and use the follwing code :- CSS :-
I'm not sure if this is a good approach within the event loop, and if it is I don't see how can I make the method to wait until event to return.
How would one determine this from the text of the Standard?
Give this a try: Here is the fiddle to play with.
I'll give them another chance on the pizza, but even if you don't have that, try the pasta.
When I hover another one the first one goes back to its initial position.
It's trendy, upscale and just a great place to go.
The best I can come up with is to check if the value of procKey is an integer by using regular expressions.
Create a table with an autoicrement id and the columns of the original table.
How to map an array with async.js?
Quite the spread of tapas, prime rib, sushi, mac n' cheese, $5 mimosas (only after 12pm on Sundays), omelets, and enough desserts to make your teeth vibrate.
They didn't have the Pumking beer from Southern Tier I was looking for last time I was there though...Booooo (no Halloween pun intended...or was it?)\n\nIf you're really in to your wine...Frugals is hit or miss...it's not exactly a place to go discuss the nose and finish of your favorite Cabernet.
Never waited too long for any part of the meal, but didn't feel rushed either.
We ordered a lot of appetizers to share and all of them were delightful.
After looking at it on he said that it looked like the dress was effective that the lining was longer than the overlay and that what was making it bunch.
If 1% of objects have finalizers (the real number's probably even less), then it would be necessary to examine 100 object headers to find each finalizable object.
Attentive, professional service is provided by servers who explain that most of the produce used in Soba's dishes is locally sourced and are happy to make recommendations.
When I tried running the demo scene, the buttons appeared, but when I tried to click them, nothing happens, not even a message in the console.
My meal was $11 (pre-tax and tip) which I thought was fair considering that the salad was extremely fresh and there was a decent amount of meat.
but that was a while back.\n\nWARNING: I enjoyed their bread WAY too much.
My friend and I always get the vegetarian and it comes loaded with all the usual veggies and ample cheese.
Calculating cumulative hypergeometric distribution Suppose I have 100 marbles, and 8 of them are red.
The lobster ravioli was amazing, but instead of coming in it's own sauce, they simply poured on the tomato garlic bisque that we had already ordered as a first course.
I have a lot of them to do.
To add it to the vector, just emplace_back() or push_back().
I would take Beto's pizza over Oregon pizza any day.
Now during the course of the user using my site, other cookies are added to the "test.com" cookie set, (as shown in the broswer history) But now I want to log the user out, and "clean" the PC.
How can I, simply push a message to a push token on Windows Azure?
We try to eat here at least 3 to 4 times a year.
\nI cant stress this enough !\nWith some advice and tip's from my favorite electronics store in Squirrel hill.
Please help me to add a filter query .
In my original post I said it was a bit pricey, but I've decided it's well worth the cost now.
ADD: Now it works in IE7 too.
currently I'm fixing some issues regarding to small outputted dll (I'm using Ribosome build system on Windows) so I'm wondering this: suppose project (C++) include source files whose total size is i.e.
You can use Before executing this query, you have to If you're using Postgres 8.4-9.1 use procpid instead of pid
My mouth is watering thinking about it.\n\nMy girlfriend got the breakfast sandwich which was very well done.
While converting date string into Date object getting NaN-NaN-NaN in Jquery?
This team could've served hot dogs and it still would've seem like an amazing experience.
Service can be hit or miss.
you can use this, is quite good, it contains almost all what you need to know.
But we were there to enjoy the night, so we did not care.\n\nI would definitely recommend this to anyone as long as you are willing to spend the money.
As far as I know you can't build your custom transitions and use them like normal WinRT Transitions, that is, inside a TransitionCollection.
How does anybody live in this neighborhood?
A beginner in C language, I have to find the second and third smallest numbers from a list of N numbers.
I have a drawing app on iPad where you draw a line from point a to point b.
It's a bug, because I don't have enough Motorola devices in my portfolio and missed a flaw in my new implementation.
I was a little concerned at the cost of the meal when I was looking at it online, but the amount of food is well worth the cost.\n\nI ordered the teryaki chicken.
Food was very good and reasonably priced.
I analyzed your example pages with firebug, and it revealed, that the html pages contain the UTF-8 BOM-header , but the untranslated page contains it twice!
My room was on the top floor at the Highland Club.
They have to be making near $6 profit on a $6.50 dog.\n\nWould I go back?
Service was spot on from start to finish.
Drupal help you build fast, and it looks like promising but fails to fullfil the needs of client, designer also programmer.
You need to create a new page instance if you want to continue opening sites.
Question 1: how to specify the same model in R as what is already specified in SAS?
To account for that, you either have to read the previous frame, or use a fence object which you can query to be sure that it's done.
If we were to integrate Google Home with our service, would we have to repeat all of our existing queries in the action package or is there way to have a catch-all query so when we say to "talk to Charlie", Google Home forwards future utterances to our Charlie service?
I can't wait to eat there more.
Is there a 404 or 500 whooshing by?
After much research last night, I found this as the answer for the server side.
I had a hissing noise that turned out to be a vacuum leak in the pump for my power breaks.
An ant can belong to an ant hill and an ant hill can have many ants.
You can also pass a vector of Points, makes it easier to do something with them afterwards: One note for the function in general: if contains zero non-zero elements, it will throw because it tries to allocate '1 x n' memory, where n is , and n will obviously be 0 then.
Good pho with fair pricing, doesn't get ebtter than this.
Went to The Club this morning for Sunday brunch (which we normally do).
But while I try to access: I'm getting the information of developer's twitter account i.e.
Below is the Code Main class Sale.java - FACTS } Drools Rules File
This local BBQ icon was on our list of dining destinations when Santi and I were planning our trip to Madison.
If you do this, the value must be a regular expression object with four named capturing groups.
Put label on a label in netbeans GUI builder Trying desperately to put a label over another label in netbeans because the one label is acting as the background image and I want the label in the foreground to have a different image.
Everything is easy to find, and I'm still surprised that this airport deals with out-of-country flights.\n\nThere is a central food court that is fairly big and even features someone playing live music on a grand piano.
I was able to solve this by setting the id of the layout that is inflated within each fragment to its position.
For example: being viClose a called method in NI-VISA.
Currently I have option two selected so when I use the code below it comes back as "5".
I had some problems with that when i used an older php version
A beautiful hotel with accommodating staff and good amenities.
The store itself is chock-full of great home- and yard-improvement stuff (tools, accessories, gadgets, etc), and the prices are very fair (especially when one considers the convenience of Ace's location and the idea of supporting a local business).
I have thumbnails, when you click on a thumbnail, it should run this code until the current picture is the same as the thumbnail....
I got the gourmet burger, medium rare, with broccoli and cauliflower.
Great little place to grab lunch.
But LAST_INSERT_ID() doesn't work that way and only returns the first row if it is used in a batch INSERT.
I just wish their prices were a bit lower.
The food is outstanding, the wait staff is friendly and accommodating, and the seating doesn't make you feel like you have to rub elbows with your neighbor.
Great egg rolls which says a lot from the get go.
I think you want to display the table columns as well as the data in one query.
A descriptive name is normally much better than a cryptic acronym suffix (or prefix), but if you can't find one that is not too long, use the acronym.
The point is to sample, and then get more of what you prefer, even if it's all of them.
\n\nThe coffee by the cup is very reasonably priced, and you can buy coffee in bulk, or buy a few sample packs to find your favorite brew before buying by the pound.
A small bar & desserts were included in the price.
UPDATE becomes editing such an object, and DELETE becomes deleting an object (eg.
Well, If you are in the PHP and Open Source world, you can consider Node.Js, Socket.IO or NowJs I am in the ASP.Net wonderworld and I love SignalR.
I was looking at the clojure api and I found a function called read-line, however I'm not sure how to use it if it's the right function to use...
I loved the beef bone soup I got to go from here and I found the crankiness of the owner to be charming.
This has never been a problem because in our framework, as we've never expected an unwieldy number of columns in our tables.
We all tasted each others desserts - they were all good...creme brulee, chocolate molten lava cake, rhubarb cobbler, ice cream cones (you get two tiny cones 2 inches tall) - and an apple martini.
There's a handsome wooden bar in the front room, and a dining room off to the side.
These are some places that I have looked: msdn blog -- This is exactly what I want to do but my decopiled code soes not have Expression.Call.
My brother once bought a Pittsburgh Gladiators T-shirt and a Pittsburgh Pirhanas jersey here.\n\nSo this is the place to be in Shadyside when you want vintage.
The salad was very fresh and arrived promptly.
Unfortunately I get an error: Error Code: 1292.
Install Terminal Emulator from Play Store, open the application and type: you will get something like: for KitKat.
Write a function that to have "teaser like" behavior, I will return formatted node according to its type.
ZAP offers an easy autoconfiguration of Firefox.
FullCalendar fetching events from server not working I am trying to fetch events from my LocalDB server and have them display on my calendar, but they aren't appearing.
Here's my code: is (obiously) String.
Below are my code: When I scale it, the Rect portion has no problem in scaling, but the BitmapImage didn't scale according to the scaleGrid set, is there anything that I have done it wrongly?
A great spot for a quick lunch or a long dinner.
Doesn't seem like you are looking for that though.
Is there a way in hibernate that I would be able to insert some default settings into the database, after a call to getClientSettings() if nothing exists in the database for that client?
Java matrix library using direct memory access Are there any matrix libraries for Java/Scala that wrap blas/lapack and that use direct memory access, either ByteBuffers or unsafe.getFloat access?
This would probably be best done using ALL of the polygons, instead of simply considering only two at a time.
You can't put a price on that.
After I had finished my vermicelli I ended up grabbing my eggrolll which was still somehow hot.
The ambience is sports bar, but when there's not a big game in the afternoon it's seldom noisy or crowded.
While I wouldn't call them chefs, as the menu at the end of the day is simple, they definitely have a solid skill set at the griddle.\n\nIf you've never been to Primaniti's, here are a few tips from a seasoned veteran.
Their fried pork dumplings were tasty too - I prefer mine to be crunchier than the ones they served, but they were delightfully flavorful.
If that doesn't get you here, nothing will.\n\nThe produce is a mix of local and not, but it's a good mix.
How to use Filter in Google Search?
Inside of the Foo object I declare an extern pointer named TheSupervisor and assign it a nullptr.
So, just simply talk to him/her and tell them what you like or what suggestions they might have.
When you add new points you can do the same test to see if they are sufficiently close to any of the existing lines.
How to create Image button with simple css and html for this case
The sales staff here is helpful, but they will tell you that you look great in everything you try on (even if maybe you don't).
The cheese steak is not a cheese steak!
This does leave a small window for mis-synchronization, but its generally small enough to not be an major issue.
Update 2013/2014 : as by beta version (as of Oct.
The recommended solution to change the options appears to be corerct however it still generates ALTER TABLE SET (LOCK_ESCALATION = TABLE) on my database (I even put in compatibility mode 90)
This place reminds me of a Whole Foods, Trader Joes, and your typical grocery market all combined in one.
Connecting C# Application to MS Access 2013 DB I'm using VS 2012 &amp; Office 2013 64 bits, and i changed the target platform to x86, but I still got this weard error The 'Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0' provider is not registered on the local machine".
Can I do this in a single query?
any comments or pointers would be much appreciated.
Love this place and hope to add it to the regular rotation of Pgh dining!
Please tell me how to solve this.
This past visit...3 of us went to put names in for everyone, expecting a wait, and they pushed a huge table together, and sat the scouting party, letting them just wait for everyone else to show up.
\nIn some reviews people have written that they think the portions are small.
Your kids will like the Wisconsin Mac n Cheese.
However, you could use a little jQuery to figure out how many top-level nav items there are, round that number up (to support odd numbers of nav items) and then add a class to the last element that you want to appear on the left of the logo.
Hidden at the end of a strip plaza it doesn't look like anything special from the outside and it's easy to miss - once inside the food is good and the service is even better.
Not only that, he has just recently updated his facility via a $1 Million investment!
Not to mention the delicious pies and cakes..coffee is meh but that's par for diners.
You can adapt it to the syntax for whatever SQL variant you are using.
They even have a beautiful parrot who hangs outside of his cage and loves to perform.
It's also very clean and easy to navigate!
The plus is, when specific staff is working, the place is that much of a better establishment.
Try whatever is on special that day if you aren't sure, and chances are you'll be pleased.
I also learned that I can easily patch my mistakes with some handy dandy supplies from ACE and although it took a few employees to find \""the patch guy\"" he was super informative about exactly what I would need to fix some holes and a chunk of dry wall where my poor shade decided it would rather hang than be secured to my window frame.
The only reason this airport lost a star is because I'm a smoker.
via methods like Then loop over the array.
Here's a simple example like yours that uses the built-in dataset: We can use to take a look at what we created: In this case, I think the result from is probably closer to what you're going for, but (as you can hopefully see) the structures are very similar - both are lists of objects.
You probably should test that lib.
Intermediate "controller" objects that orchestrate the creation and organization of views into a hierarchy.
Score!\n\nIf that isn't fantastic enough, when the delivery guys came, they even took extra time to put together my furniture.
My Pan Roasted Grouper was cooked just right and very fresh but I wasn't overly crazy about how it was spiced.
Everything I asked for, and more.
Taken from: Delegated events have the advantage that they can process events from descendant elements that are added to the document at a later time.
Or if you are in visual studio you can use _getch() function for the same result.
: — the action was successfully received, understood, and accepted; : — further action needs to be taken in order to complete the request; : — the request contains bad syntax or cannot be fulfilled at this server; : — the server failed to fulfill an apparently valid request; : — the request cannot be fulfilled at any server.
In a DataTemplate, the DataContext is set by default to the item that is represented by the DataTemplate (in that case, the Car object).
I noticed they have a pizza oven as a center piece so I would love to try their pizza next time.
But here's what I know.\n\n1) I had my first Bo Jangles experience here.
Talk it into the stadium and enjoy :)
I don't want to tarnish the user flow when the button is clicked - and a big part of that for me is that I don't want the user to have to click back into one of the text-input boxes to keep doing calculations.
Lots of different choices, new and trendy flavor combinations, and different serving sizes available on some items.
Im noobie at coding, and my javascript skills aren't very well, but that javascript worked for me, but in swift i can't make that work.
I know your pain - I've also struggled with this problem many times before until I migrated completely to another compilers collection...
I know the option the you can entirely disable Silex app error handler and after that, your custom error handler should work fine as you defined it.
This my get set property And this my code to calculate every single distance on Result When I deployed it into my phone, the other items in DataTemplate display correctly.
went through the wp codex and tried all their examples and literally nothing works.
You should be able to configure these mappings using either Data Annotations or the Fluent API.
And the guy who works there is super nice so make sure you get to know him!
Stop Dialog from showing after orientation changes I have a custom Dialog class in which I instantiate the dialog like this When an orientation change occurs in the activity that the dialog is shown the activity data changes are lost but the dialog still stays open.
Then update the related row and use a OracleDataAdapter.
They also have very flexible hours - open pretty early as well as late some evenings.\n\nI will most definitely keep going to Edgewood Dental as long as I live in this area.
It works just fine for the entered records in the .txt file, but upon increasing the number of records above 4, the code fails to work.
It takes a while to "move up the stack" so to speak.
"script": Evaluates the response as JavaScript and returns it as plain text.
Try processing the json data form the url using JsonSlulrper as follows: Also in your HTML views/layouts, make sure you apply encoding:
I prefer a solution that is implemented in the custom Dialog class instead of going to every activity and type dialog.dismiss(); at activity pause or stop
Meat falls right off the bone and the sides are adequate.
\n\nThe gardens are friendly for studying, though I am not sure of the wifi situation.
There are so many varieties that keeps you wanting more.
My final dillema and I think it's quite easy: This only finds and saves files with the exact cases and I'd like, imagine as this -> You have a folder on 1 directory, now someone comes and saves another folder just like that (different content) on another directory but "renames" the folder to a different casing, as in 1st dir "tEsT" and 2nd dir "test".
I am a vegetarian, and I love that they have such a good variety of dishes available without meat.
also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts..
Copy exact error message from XCODE I wonder How could I copy the exact error message on XCODE.
The polenta and the crispy brussel sprouts added a smoothness and a salty crunch.
A lady was originally helping me then the owner came out a little later on.
So you need to define a handler for on your settings file.
And served with amazing fruit, not just crappy melon as is typical during morning meal time and the best I'M TALKING THE BEST biscuit I've ever eaten.
She was perfect...very knowledgeable and sweet.
This is Indian food for poor college students.
Why would you come to Mitchell's if not for the fish/seafood?
Besides that you will probably need your reflection image to fade out like a gradient, if you are doing everything on a solid not moving background, you can create a third image which is a gradient png from transparent to the color of your background, and put it over the reflection image.
I will say that the show started at 8pm, and we were there by 7:20 or so.
You could search for any characters not in the list (a "negated character set "): or more simply since is defined as Matches any character that is not a word character from the basic Latin alphabet.
( note that details of the file will be processed / incorporated into the app at runtime ).
Great meat products, just don't get the sausage patties.
We can't wait to go back.
Thanks a lot Actually, I simply create a new SQL project in VS, adding a new function or stored procedure, click deploy, and I can see the new function in my SQL instance.
Of course a couple other good things about this location is that if the weather is good there isn't a much better patio for eating then right there outside, out front of Hearst Tower.
For "de_AT", cannot find the "de" localization, and returns nil.
All other methods return a modified copy.
The most chill, relaxing, artistic coffee shop in Madison.
However, she truly made the most of what it could be and for that I'm thankful.
especially for those that like beer.
I thought about sleeping in my car.
Is there any way to get username who disable MSSQL trigger?
In a host-agnostic model (OWIN or self-hosted) you don't have access to it.
I was not disappointed.\n\n- Location is its biggest plus, right near the theaters and Heinz Hall.
Plus, the reception area has nice amenities - espresso, current magazines etc.\n
The guy there, Francis, said it's not a huge deal to make the adjustment but that it's out of his control and that if I call the 800 number, it should be fine.\n\nPause for ~6 months.\n\nSo yeah, today I finally made time to pick up the papers and phone and make a call.
Everything I've tried is great, but special note goes to the cornbread and the catfish.
One of the best attributes of this school is it's since of community both among parents and the students.
Then, you will have that files listed when adding languages.
D3 Labels text amount slightly off I'm having a problem with my D3 bar chart not displaying the correct amount for the label text.
It was very quiet and nice for sleeping.
The illini roll had a kick to it, quite spicy, but I love spiciness.
If your batch file generates output you need to process in your perl then you can use open() to create a pipe to it (perldoc -f open).
I would not have them answer "Yes" then type in the new value.
Go to see Jay...tell him Laura from LA sent you.
I have a .json file with 100 products like this: I read the json with $http and put everything in $scope.products.
Out of the box, everything seems to work nice when I run a fresh install.
It seemed to work in the Windows CMD browser after I set my environment variable to that folder.
This is later going to be a continuously called function so a counter based on the button press information will not work.
I'm getting youtube views like that: But sometimes i can see too many connections and yt back error ?
They have wonderful food and I like that the prices are lower because there are no waiters or flatware.
Didn't have to buy a cigar, the place was a blue-grey haze of smoke.
High level languages like Java don't support accessing the hardware directly, so you usually end up with C.
Change the following line: to and try again.
Unlike Chinese food here, there isn't much competition, so it's basically Bombay vs.
We've passed this place up numerous times.
\n\nDuring the daylight hours, this space is a breeding ground for dog walkers, joggers and pensive, respectful photographers.
Some responders have suggested storing the data in ViewState.
The input to an assignment operator must be an object that is able to accept assignments, such as a variable or a property" When I list my function at the end of the file, it says that the function name is undefined.
The default value for units is the query itself - all of which the user has access to.
Generally it is not expected that both will be instantiated simultaneously.
While using Bean Validation, i would specify the constraints via annotations (@) in the bean.
It's got that classic diner booth setup where the servers pass plates right from the center, and they're both friendly but abrupt like a diner should be.\n\nIf the coffee even tried to be good here I'd probably be here more often (they usually always keep it topped off!).
Developing two android app that can send/trigger notification to each other I've been studying android development for about 2 months, and still trying to learn new things and stuffs in mobile dev.
You can go directly to your project's plist and modify it.
Thus if you trust the CA that signed the certificate , then you can trust that specific public/private key pair is owned by the owner of certificate .
The wine bar in the back is one of my favorite drink spots of all time.
You can use php libraries tcpdf or dompdf for your need.
Usually a few interesting characters hanging about, definitely a different feel from a lot of the other bars in the immediate vicinity but in a good way.
They are hot, properly seasoned, and perfect just the way they are.
Thank you David Shepherd and Hendrick Lexus for outstanding service!
When examining the event list/debug output from clicking on the password field and on the text field, the list of received events for each field type is very similar.
I've had some situations where a client had a very stubborn proxy server on their network that refused to give you a newer version of the file.
How do I say "if we are looking at the current period, show yesterday, otherwise use my code above to show closingperiod"?
The Double Cheeseburger came on a soft white bun.
Calling accept() isn't a pre-requisite for that.
Those were good clean fun for the college crowd.
Dessert was ok although I should have ordered a third mojito.
A big plus for this location is free and easily accessible parking.
Use the LogManager to Get the named logger (in the XML configuration file) using the named LoggerRepository for that thread.
This year, tired of doing DevOps on AWS (nod to @AndreiVolgin), I've moved it to Google BigQuery.
it was overall a pleasant experience.
I stumbled in here and they happily fixed up in a day for a mere $12.\n\nI mean this was after their painfully awkward attempt at small talk ...\""so you have family in Japan?\"" and \""you go to the gym a lot?\""...
Entering Max's is like going into your grandmother's living room.
The staff is super as well.
At least when using Full IIS mode .
When the user is done, close the PDF context, which will save all of the annotations to the new PDF file.
Driver was very courteous and on time.
The GPS Systems Installed in each bus allows you to be able to track them in the web and know when they pass in your stop.
There is a quite already but it didn't get useful answers and it's two years old - so maybe there are some new trickies introduced by Qt5?
When you delete the entity, the entity's changes ...
Within one hour, they quoted me (a great price) and had the tires installed.
But my IP is revealed and I am worried about DDoS.
I've heard the hotel restaurant is great, and features ingredients from local farms, but I haven't tried it yet.
I have never had to look at my French and say anything bad about them!
But i have cheked your code and it works as well.
served on a perfectly toasted bun with an overeasy egg and soft butter lettuce.
Also, how do I set initial data when there're are many of the same form object?
I am new to Madison and everyone can't stop talking about what an experience it is to shop here.
On IIS goto Application pools, choose the application pool of the website.
I tried to change the value of the position using the ActionListeners, by giving the function creating the button and the ActionListener for each position two parameters for row and column of the position in the matrix.
If you take the log base 1.618 of it will therefore tell you approximately how many iterations you can go before overflowing....
Therefore I change the first name.
It is possible with TPC inheritance but it will include a lot of complication to your design.
Since you can't refactor as suggested, you should check what type you need to return based on the member that you assign in the function.
So far i havent found a solution that does exactly what i need.
Been here about 10 times and I'll come back again.
I'm able to do the port forwarding using the following.
In this case you even do not need to implement any loop.
This problem is quite simple to solve even without jQuery or similar in plain JavaScript.
The problem now is, that I do not find any possibility to get a list of all events / transitions out of my order model.
I managed to successfully get a background gradient added to this row.
42 different means of eating it.
I am looking for a technique that lets me use git to push only changes from development to production server.
Mike N Molly's has a great atmosphere on the outdoor patio, a surprisingly good beer list, and decent specials.
I can't get it to work with wildcards by copying the same file over to replace.
Had dinner tonight at the bar.
One of my favorite Chinese joints in college.
missing ; before statement : $(this).closest('tr').find('.tableRow'){\n I'm not sure if its obvious what i'm trying to do but can anyone spot where i'm going wrong?
"label" to the node import file, and give numbers according to how you want to "group the nodes into one color".
\n\nVery honest and upfront about the work he did, too...typical Pittsburgher who knows his stuff.
The dryers are 25 cents for 9 minutes.
\n\nThey are as country as you can get, with their gravel parking lot and cow boy hats and boots abound.
That's not something you get everywhere, so definitely a plus there!\n\nWhenever friends and relatives come to visit, I will definitely recommend this place.
Try to run that will enable autofs service to start on boot.
I liked this hotel, but it is something of a mixed bag.
This may border on philosophical, but I thought it would be the right place to ask.
If not, ignore the updated data (but do add it to your underlying model).
I was super impressed with theirs.
This gym is impressive; it ranks up there with some of the pricier gyms (equinox and NYSC) I have been a member of.
You use the parameters of the interface methods to "continue" your logic.
EDIT Thanks to everyone who has answered, I DO know how to detect the actual key that was pressed, I want to know how to detect whether the key is actually a character (not arrows, backspace, enter etc)
For example easy sentence: "Hello there".
The bluesy music, electic mix of people, rustic bar and of course the PINBALL machine in the back make this spot a MUST DO!
I agree with Nicole about the bar staff friendliness.
Karen's sauerbraten was fork-tender and served in a light, but delicious, sauce.
It took us forever to find but well worth it.
You will see what appears to be gibberish.
Update: Placed this code below :
I put all the images from the image gallery in a I put the separate image in a and I have javascript Fancybox works fine on both, the image gallery and the separate image.
Well, everything is just grand in Pittsburgh when the October weather is so beautiful!!
I had the Chihuahua hot dog with a veggie hot dog and added grilled onions and my partner had a specialty Octoberfest hot dog.
They don't open until 5 on Sundays?!
MMM my hubby and I went there for the first time tonight.
There is a small coffee shop inside which I did not partake but looked like a nice spot to read/study with some caffeine.
\n\nSavannah Red has probably the most inventive and unique menus in the Southeast.
This is definitely something that will continue being an annual tradition for us.
Obviously, you'll have to test your code to ensure it works with the new version, but this is probably your best bet.
You've gotta try this place if you can.
The City Club was the only venue we looked at that said they would do a tasting for us.
I like the wurst platte and the wife loves Jagerschnitzel.
But this is an example of Property value of Dimension table, so this string value isn't contain in fact table.
When I first got there the lady that took care of me was very polite even after she realized that blow-drying my hair would take a lifetime.
The assignment returns the same value as is assigned to After the loop both and will be pointing after the null character.
I'm putting them at file header in this order.
I failed to find this in the GNU documentation, although I am sure it must be there somewhere.
Flavors were assaulting us in such unmitigable ways, we were powerless to refuse their beckoning call of mouth-flaming, heart-swelling, eye-watering release.
I want keep the window open, and close the login dialog.
Most commonly, it is the value returned by the RDTSC instruction (or an equivalent, on non-x86), which may or may not be reliable and clock-independent.
If you are using Jackson, You could look at the JacksonJAXBAnnotations here
Let me ask this -- does the link map file have any impact on my app's execution?
I looked at Views, Layouts, Templates, etc.
Because i need to get the map from google maps this needs decimal.
If I understand your question correctly, then maybe try something like this: First create a "dummy" config file in a directory that you will map as a volume In your you'll do what you need to do with that config file.
Late answer , but maybe someone is struggling with this...
google home actions catch all query with Actions SDK Our company already has as a conversational service for intent matching and entity parsing.
Just make sure to run the function both onload and onresize.
I looked through the update_post_meta function in the wp core and saw there was no native option to pass an array instead of a single cf key and value, so I went through the relevant code to pinpoint the SQL INSERT line and looked how to do something along the lines of: and so forth for all the 6 custom fields in my case, all rolled in inside a single .
Part X\n\n(For Part IX, go to: Sunseri name is famous in Pittsburgh, and although their small alcove of Italian meats and bread is one of the smaller storefronts in the Strip, their pepperoni bread is melt in your mouth, filled with great mozzarella cheese.
Thanks, shorter code is what I need!
It didn't hurt that it was free and parking was validated.
It seems to have the entire Charlotte Police Dept eating there daily which is very interesting seeing that they do not sell doughnuts at all.\n\nThis is not a fast food joint, but you do place the order at the counter, and they will yell your number when ready.
I was looking for a Chinese food cater for a small group party.
Create the ant hill and ant models.
However, if you have a choice you should use SVN instead.
The error is in personform.html , on the fields address and age.
Have a look at PhantomJS - a headless WebKit browser with full javascript support which you can call and interact with via PHP.
Come dressed in your Sunday best and be prepared for some really good eats.
RadEditor is not working in IE11 I am working on control but it is not working in although it is working fine in .
Is there another way to save a file to stream from a uri without using an event?
It was the most delicate and careful driving with the freshest oysters in the back seats.
The code AbstractClass.h: Child.h: Child.cpp: The warning The class "Child" is derived from "AbstractClass".
I've discovered that my vision for my professional path was almost non-existent and I was at a point in my life where I was going nowhere fast.
This can happen only when bodies positions change insignificantly over a timestep burst such that octree structure remains the same during that burst.
The dirt cart pathways left a coating of dust on my glasses, skin, bag and clubs by the end of my round, didn't care for that and is the reason why I gave a 4/5, wish they were paved!
The first time I went to Browne's I received very good costumer care, the attendant took her time to explain the different grades of diamonds and all the different options available.
To send a message via these services I need to supply the international number, however, I do not want to have to ask my users to provide the full international number - just their normal number that they would give to anyone in their own country (I don't expect them to know their international dialling codes, etc).
Free breakfast, They have a pool, but it was being renovated so we didn't get to use it.
The simpler way, would be to create localized resource DLL's for each supported language, and then set the for the user's selected, or detected, language, falling back to a default (preferably English) in case the language isn't supported.
With Xlib, you'd use the XGetWindowProperty function.
but it still behooves me as to why there would be any difference.
Once you order, pay for it.
I tried to do it by creating a setup project for Visual Studio 2008, but I didn't succeed.
I want the .resx file to be able to be edited manually without using the Visual Studio UI, and obviously this is messy with the and s.
The Adventures of Susan the Zombie on a Monday-After-Holiday morning.\n\nSusan get up.\nSusan get showered.\nSusan get dressed.\nSusan grab purse, briefcase, and coat.\nSusan get out of house.\nSusan get on bus.\nSusan get off bus.\nSusan go to Cool Beans.\nSusan buy black coffee.\nSusan go to office building.\nSusan get on elevator.\nSusan go into her office.\nSusan ingest heavenly coffee from Cool Beans.\nSusan human female again!
one extra star because they are consistent, well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey.
Now will someone please pass me the Listerine?\n\nI also promise I'll hit the treadmill and the elliptical trainer tonight!
First of all you need to create a catch all subdomain which will send all requests to your single VirtualHost: Then you can either: Inspect the HTTP host at the application level and do whatever needs to be done (either serve content from the virtual subdomain, or do a 301 redirect to the www.
Furthermore, if you're running this on a Linux platform: By default, Linux follows an optimistic memory allocation strategy.
This is a moderately challenging thing you are trying to make, so be sure you are very organized and don't be scared to make a few new custom object to perform specific tasks.
target.xaml has some content in a little square.
New Orleans Take out is one of the best values in the city.
Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful.
JavaScript: How to determine the web "fold" programmatically?
I ended up getting banana chocolate chip pancakes with bacon.
No, it does not feature Joyce DeWitt, John Ritter, or Suzanne Summers.
Its a real pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't use very ripe roma tomatoes for these kinds of salads.
Like the other reviewers mentioned, Craig was a very personable and accommodating host and cooks a mean breakfast.
Monty, thank you for saving my restaurant foody soul last night.\nAfter a disastrous meal at another restaurant, I was crabby, mad, moody and wanting to go home.
fibers install not possible on ubuntu 14.04 When I try to install fibers, I get this errormessage.
Charlotte really needs a place like this and the closest attempt is Brixx Pizza.
At lunch, for $7.95, you get unsweetened tea, soup, & your entree dish.
I've never had fried chicken at a fine dining establishment and it was a very refreshing experience.
The giant pretzel is the way to go.
\n\nGood food + good service = good times!\n\nWe will be back!
I saw Megan Price Osborne and she was super friendly and thorough.
Unless you're actually getting an error callback somewhere, the log messages are meaningless.
They kept the beverage stations open and well stocked.
However, I have been to quite a few NBA arenas and the atmosphere the bobcats provide is truly phenomenal.
In words: when the string representation is the same.
They put at least half a pound of meat on it, plenty of cheese, tomatoes, and a fresh coleslaw (not the mayonaissey type that I was expecting).
Even their low carb whole grain bread is fantastic, and it doesn't taste like the light bread you buy in the store.\n\nBest of all, they don't use any preservatives in their bread.
AWT and Applets aren't available for Java ME.
Delphi - Graphics32, draw antialiased rounded rectangle How can I draw an anti-aliased rounded corners rectangle using Graphics32?
If your objects are be up to 1000000 units in size, then the objects themselves, not to mention the space between them, are already outside of the range of effective precision.
The soup was good as well although not as good as the burritto.
At this time, I have officially had every meal of the day at Casbah (it's great!).
I would rank it in my top 3 of Italian hoagies.
I think that this sensor does not have a API and is provided by default by windows phone API if we use the calling API classes
My friend said that his burger was extra juicy with a meaty tomato stacked on top.
i saw the other reviews and they didnt like it.
I have created simple 2 bundles (tick, tock bundles inspired by the : Simply Tick bundle is exporting a package and Tock bundle is importing it.
Also, if you eat the biscuit, you're a fatty.
I alter the mesh's vertex y component to match the height I calculate.
I have this simple query That will return a 0 or 1 if there exists a row in A that contains 'lorem ipsum' I would like to chain this behavior together.
These variables can respectively assume about 140000 and 50000 different integer values.
Theres a Jamba Juice, mexican spot and a place sit and have some delicious southern food!
Even if it is a browser, there's an "edit cookie" extension for Firefox.
Frick Park Market's extensive selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses, Breadworks baked goods, and homemade soups makes it a solid choice for a simple, inexpensive lunch.
They've changed it a bit over the years, but I still love this buffet.\n\nAppetizers- My family loves the soft pretzels.
To answer your question, you will need to find a way of converting and so that it works in Ruby.
Lets assume you have Table1 and Table2 in an EF dbcontext.
As always, they were pretty good - tasted way more fresh than the chips at El Toro/Dos Reales.
The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags.
Even though it's right in the middle of the main thoroughfare, it still feels like a quiet escape.
I do have the 'ngAnimate' as a dependency for my module (if i type "angular.module('ngAnimate')" in Chrome console I get an Object).
postgres database : Insufficient privilege, permission denied for relation table I have been using the postgres database on heroku for a while.
Two days and seven bucks (SEVEN BUCKS !!!) I had them back in absolutely perfect condition, and with a free shine thrown in !
The chicken came out pipping hot and was very well seasoned!
My favorite flavor of coffee is coconut cream.
Invited another couple to join us for dinner and a play on a Friday night.
I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a delicious soul food meal!
I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.\n\nThe seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.
You might want to be mindful of that in case you're looking to dine in.
Their honey mustard is on the mayonaisey side, but makes a good compliment to the biggest chicken fingers on the planet.
I like supporting local business and I also wanted to find a garage I could trust.
Just visited and had a really good experience.
I'm getting this error: Here is my gradle file: Any help as to why I'm getting this error would be appreciated
For sure I would say start with UIScrollView, and set the content size bigger than the screen size, exactly how big is up to you.
Not your usual soy soaked fried rice, it was still fried, but not brown, none the less, still very very tastey.
(My inner fatty girl rejoices) if you are on one of those \""starve myself of carbs because they are the devil\"" diets do yourself a favor and skip this place because the cornbread is a MUST!
Both repairmen who came out were friendly, professional, and thorough.
sd-toolkit sdk for barcode scanning on iPhone, does it work with the camera?
Jason is my favorite guide and they're always excited to talk with you about the current exhibits, history of the church and what's coming next - a rareity if you've been to the sleepy new Mint Uptown (I find their staff a bit bored which is a shame with all the awesome stuff they have in that place!).\n\nDo yourself a favor and stop in this place - it's a gem here in Charlotte!
(Client or Server side no matter) I'm using TCP connection, and the server recv unlimit clients.
You are using to interface with the database.
This will not work for IE6 (if you care).
I've never tried a thumb drive, but I use external USB drives for virtual machines all the time.
Best solution move them to public segemnt
Also they did deal with the hornets I promise.
then you're getting close to imagining what Construction Junction is like.
Service was also friendly and fast; as in, we ordered our food, and were eating it less than 10 minutes later.\n\nI've had better Mexican food (oh Plaza Azteca...you're sooo far away right now...) but this wasn't bad at all.
FindMeIn Gem or output file name i was wondering if exist a gem which in development env display render path of file (layout, view, partials..) at the top of each html example: find me in /posts/show.html.erb i'm working co-op with a designer (with 0 rails skills) and it's our first project if not exist a gem like this, how can display the path of each file?
Texture Filtering Why texture filtering is called ?
Also, while the food is totally fru-fru (in only the best way :) and it's a pricey brunch, you get a lot a food.
They are famous for their Italian Army hoagie.
I called and Vincent said he would help.
If you're going to be writing much node.js code, I'd suggest you immediately invest in learning how promises work and start using them for all async behavior.
The webkit bug mentioned in @Phrogz answer seems to have been fixed in more recent versions, so I found a solution that doesn't require a manual parse is which requires and and uses d3.js to obtain the svg source, which should be doable without d3.js as well (but this takes care of adding required metadata which can lead to problems when missing).
I think you get the point.
If not the special, yes, the katsudon is delicious (served w/ rice and onions and an egg on top!).
The classic example is something as follows: Both the and classes inherit from the base class, because they're both types of animals.
Change default behaviour of directional navigation by using following XML attributes: Besides directional navigation you can use tab navigation.
Excellent seafood options, and you'll never go wrong with the lobster rolls.
Being a fan of the theater, it's always fun to put on some nicer clothes and see a show.
When compiling project A maven will first try to look-up the project dependencies B, C, D, E.
You could also check the most commonly used commercial profiler/coverage tool, AQTime from Here's a video on features:
All the employees seem to want to be here.
Approach #1 This one is based on to generate a mask of elements to be set to zeros as listed next - Sample run - Approach #2 This one starts with the idea of finding the last negative element indices from and develops into a mask finding method using to get us the desired output, similar to .
My husband is VERY indecisive so he couldn't figure out which one he liked more.
Everything I've tried at Mama Ricotta's has been fabulous!
I've had everything from double IPAs aged in oak barrels to blueberry wheat beer to a savory coffee milk stout.
The event flyer specifically mentioned food so that was a bit of a let down as I was definitely hungry towards the end.
The table had attributes that shouldn't have been saved and should have been removed before saving.
You can implement a wrapper for fb.App and override Session method to return IFbSession instead of Facebook.Session.
I believe it's because you've written when you meant to write on the second line of your JS code.
Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.
The list of your classes will go otherwise too big.
php send get request and get output I want to make a getrequest to www.seatguru.com, which for instance would look like this: The problem is that when I get the request back, it only shows the 'Loading...', which means that I can check the output.
I'm selecting the table cell content like this: In another place in the code, I'm using like this: However, I'm not sure how to combine the two.
\n\nWe thoroughly enjoyed our massages and when we were leaving, our massage therapists were there for us with water and three roses a piece.
Getting a Date with "ShortenedMonth/dd" format Is there a way I can get a date by the format "MM/dd" but instead of the month being an , it is a shortened like "Jan 30"?
Damn good pasta, my friends.\n\nCons:\n-Menu items price out a few dollars higher than similar Italian joints.
Within the method of an object, the member name refers to the member of the object (unless overridden by the same name in a closer scope).
These pieces are largely leased so as to ensure they stay up to date and in good repair.
Is there any way to add a if condition to see if the script is run within command prompt or by double clicking to execute?
If I end up in Charlotte again, I'd go here for more.
Not only that, but curved shower curtain and tiled shower.
If you want an option to have the user expand or collapse select the checkbox 'Display can be toggled by this report item:'.
jquery form field message on submit I'm having problems with this Fiddle is not working the message Error.
The project have no direct dependency on , but the IoC-container will map things together.
But it would be really handy to think of these solely as invoices (instead of a subset of journal entries).
The spinach and parmasean soup was out of this world!
What's cool is once the show begins you can move up to seats that aren't occupied.
The whole dining area was cold; it wasn't just our table.
The store front and decor are completely ordinary, but don't be put off by the lack ambiance.
I went to RiRa for dinner on a Saturday night and it was surprisingly good.
Personally I wouldn't use DirectShow since that is pretty old and sometimes requires you to do some complex interop tricks to get what you want.
However in my case, they always say I am way below the normal usage & the weather normally affects the changes.
It contains implementations of a wide variety of algorithms including Naive Bayes and Support Vector Machines (SVM, listed under SMO) [Note: Other commonly used non-Java SVM implementations are SVM-Light, LibSVM, and SVMTorch].
My husband on the other hand, LOVED every single one of them!
It makes no sense because it would be like telling the computer: select all the rows for which the maximum of the id column is 34 which may sound somewhat logical but is not really, and is in fact the same as .
Word to the wise: If you're seeking more chocolate, you may want to have them add some hot fudge!\n\nMy friend ordered the orange creamsicle ice cream soda, which consisted of vanilla ice cream and orange soda, and she enjoyed it very much.
It's likely you are in a scenario where failbit is getting set (getline returns nothing), but eof has not been encountered, so the file never gets closed, so your loop never exits.
All on a Itialian sliced bread.
The guys clothing is fantastic too, although getting your boyfriend to shell out that kind of money to look \""metrosexual\"" is sometimes a challenge.
If current trends continue, what will be IE6's market share by then?
They have so many different martini's on their menu so just choosing one/two/three/four will take a bit of time to decide each time you re-order.\n\nSo the martini comes in a regular martini glass.
Worried that would be waiting for a table, we went in hopeful.
The Green Lantern rules because it's completely laid back and totally unpretentious.
I've got exactly the same question.
Reposting here...\n\nEvery once in a while, you have an experience at a restaurant that's so lovely, you know you'll remember it for years.
If you're using maven just set the scope to .
I will wait for better answers from vim geeks.
\nWhen I got home, I was really excited to get to chewing.
I bought a giant spaghetti squash for $1!!!
Simply dropping in the files and refreshing is sufficient.
How do I go about doing that?
The source can be found here: HTML Do anyone have a neat solution to this?
I will say that I felt comfortable with all of the doctors.
It's nice that there's wide windows that open up in the summer that people can gawk at you dropping it from the street!\n\nI like that there's actually a business downtown that stays open past 9 pm!
Make sure to have extra napkins.
For example, see the system call numbers for Linux on x86 here and on x86_64 here .
EDIT3: Conclusions: each oct/hex sequence is treated as a separate value ( wchar_t *txt2 = L"\xA9\x03"; consists of 3 elements).
A relatively shallow pool so I can practice my not-so-good backstroke, a deep pool to swim laps and get that water cardio, a cool water pool with 6-8 lanes, a heated pool, and best of all, an adult-only HOT TUB!!\n\nThe pool itself is really clean and the water is very clear.
I left your original way of receiving user input, and a few other problems with the code, intact, even though it could use a few further improvements.
Prestogeorge is top of my list.
Overall servers very attentive and nice (and cute).
I highly recommend this authentic deli.
I have the fried spring rolls, which was good (crispy flaky crust, but the filling wasn't anything to write about), the vegetarian tom yum soup (pretty good, but honestly I've had better tasting broth), and the winter curry.
Even better, they have apple butter in a squeeze bottle right at the table.
Both != and &lt;> has same Properties IN SQL: != : Checks if the values of two operands are equal or not, if values are not equal then condition becomes true.
I'm trying to write a function with a matrix (specifically a matrix) as the output, the rows of which show a double-type variable and a binary 'status'.
Went here a couple Fridays ago to go to for lunch.
However, this is the probably the classiest of the Big Burrito restaurants, so if you're looking for that, this place is great.
Is there any way to do this kind of assisted injection or do I need to implement my factory by myself?
My CreateDatabase task relies on various 3rd-party assemblies.
I have a Django project that interfaces with a PostgreSQL database; one of my tables is about 450 rows long and each row contains about a dozen columns.
Test that technique in a simple query to make sure it avoids the error.
You must store an additional (non-transient) attribute in the entity, for example "0", "1", "2" for positive/negative/zero sums.
The manager (I assume) was quite nice, but our server was not very attentive.
the customer service was wonderful a clerk named Alyssa helped me with my selections of seeds and an orchid.
We stopped by the sauna on the way to relax a bit since we had about 30 mins before we needed to be \""picked\"" up by our pedicure ladies.\n\nOur pedicures were nice.
Baxter is worth checking out if you're near the state line.
cheap prices and a cool divey feel.
More specifically, connections causing issues are the ones used for search requests.
I like several of the bars, but just haven't figured out which is my go-to spot.
Putting it all together, for fun, I created some code that may help you understand what I'm talking about.
The cake alone was incredible but paired with the gelato, DYNAMITE.
I think Jackie has good knowledge and does an excellent job, she is personable and she has great prices.
I had the pleasure of dining at this McDonald's when OPH had an hour wait.
In general the soups are hit or miss, but a real hit is the triple squash or Butternut squash, something like that.
Global Twig parameter transformation in Symfony 2.7 I have added some config parameters in config.yml like: The problem that I have is that once I use this inside twig, land-rover becomes land_rover.
This is proving to be problematic.
The hard part of this is that you will likely need to cache some input before it leaves your machine so that you are able to find the beginning and end of what it is you are searching for.
Its a fried tortilla, stuffed with chicken, and covered with chesse, guacamole, and sour cream.
Sadly with javascript saveing file is tricky and depends on many things, so you could use option to copy paste file source manually or write your browser and settings specific file saver.
When user swipes either left or right, then I need to reload the view to show corresponding dataset.
The following has always worked until now: But now the compiler gives error: or I do not see how else to access the view controller(s) on the stack.
Hit lunch rush @ 12:30...line was easily 25+ deep.
EDIT - I have made a mistake with the question, I only really noticed when trying to implement one of the answers.
I'll have to go back for a dinner entree at some point, but all I can say for now is that if you're in Monona and you need lunch this is a great option.
\n\nSo, where does Nakato really shine?
I wanted it in the middle of the page and I'm getting correctly in Desktop.
You are using This automatically appends a newline character to the end of the string.
DJANGO : How to create admin view with a model containt order_by?
Is it wrong that we stop there both on our way down and on our way back up again?
also one table has a few electrical outlets for recharging your cell battery or computer laptop.
EDIT: I inserted Toast notifications in each onX method, and discovered some additional weirdness: Pressing the Home button will always call onStop().
As I see it, you have a few options, depending on exactly what you want to achieve in your tests now, and what you might want to be able to do in the future.
I learned this the hard way.
Angular Jasmine $location $ "Error: unexpected request" I'm trying to unit test $urlRouterProvider.otherwise to show the url as whatever the user entered.
min-width is not supported in IE6.
The salmon was served on a chipotle pesto.
Would your end users rather the time was spent on something else?
I have had days where the host/hostess has seated my party promptly and had the most efficient waitress/waiter during my stay.
You can do this with centralized systems but you need to be more deliberate about it which is both good and bad.
If you need all or most of them, TCP is a much better choice.
The best experience is to eat it in the car.
The pricing (for females) is $10 per pair for heel tip replacement, or I believe $7 for an individual heel tip replacement.\n\nI know you can buy new heel tips online for much less than $10, but I've tried the DIY thing (total failure) and I am more than willing to pay for the convenience of having someone else pry out the old nails and hammer those new little suckers into my shoes.
I have been successful in generating a PDF, but rather than one A5 page, I get one A4 page (with the text on it) followed by an empty A5 page (see: the output document ).
There is also an ATM in the outside vestibule and a drive-through ATM in the parking lot, so you have many options.
Both were amazing, filling, AND i got to use the wifi there for a couple hours on a Sunday morning with no nasty looks from the staff (it was crowded but no line).
I've gone through the CSS code, and the only attributes related to :hover are color, background, overflow, and text-decoration.
they do a meticulous, and fantastic job.
You can get the OS, also there are many other details you can get.
Thankfully, since their beer selection is vast and ranges from relatively cheap to ridiculous, the food is generally well-priced.
recommended Eden Cleaners, so I rushed right over.
Soft and fluffy with a bit of crunch.
\n\nDo yourself a favor, if you must have a layover, have it at CLT.
Love the margherita DOC, love the dessert.
The only annoying thing about this place is the wait.
Is there a more natural way that I'm not aware of?
I tried using , but that doesn't seem to work.
The atmosphere has a nice feel to it, perhaps its the antiquity..
This class provides the API for working with .
Rather than hacking something up yourself, how about checking out the hoverIntent plugin ?
I need help with connecting them together.
\n\nEach time I have been the jazz bands that have performed have been awesome!
\n\nAgain a pretty good wine list and their bar area had lots of TVs so you could watch the game and have a beer or wine.
However, even if they aren't surprised that you can do it, they might be surprised how fast, or with how little code, you can do it.
If you really want to use SOAP you can use a socket, or message queue as well as HTTP.
Her vision and talent seemed limitless as I watched her style a young child to a very punk rock female and an older more traditional man.
Can't make transaction in class I have Main activity: I have another class in which I create a drawer, I bring to the required parameters.
However, don't overpromise and under deliver.
Went to Ullrich's to have them redone and after 6 months of hard walking, the heels are still wearing great.
here's the lengthier more tasty version!
It is really easy to use Read more about in my blogpost Automatic Retry and Circuit Breaker made easy .
Seems both ways, direct URL and Javascript don't allow to use a list of ID's , just checked and verified it today
Come here- the service is great and the price is very reasonable.
Then, any file with would have your macro for .
In C++11 however, this can be done correctly using .
I have never had a bad experience at The Original Pancake House and I've tried many different dishes over the years.
I ran the DFP debugger and got this output: It doesn't appear to be a javascript issue, but the code for these ads was taken directly from the "generated tags" and these units are active.
If I have a way to retrieve it from Java, that would work though it looks ugly .....
You can also extend it so that each shape will use the appropriate formula for itself and the other shape.
It very much has that \""country club\"" look and feel to it.
I can't say if they specifically have what you want.
Don't do this.) If you're worried about the stylistic aspects of and its ilk, don't be.
Overall, a very solid place for coffee and baked goods.
\nThe breakfast buffet was fresh every morning and fully stocked.
I know there are ways to create your own individual state maps from vector files but just thought I would ask here to see if it was possible to do that using the map that jvector provides for the US before I went through that process.
Unfortunately, the implementation of supports only objects, not .
Nice tables and chairs, pleasant service and it was fairly fast.
will add any files in the current directory and any sub-directories.
She went out of her way to make sure I had a good experience and that says a lot.
These guys show tons of indie films and are one of the few in town that get their hands on some of the good ones.
On conncting the pi to a screen I see that LXDE has started.
We were seated as soon as we arrived.
The london broil sandwich is one of the best steak sandwiches I have ever had.
I'm working on a good project that lacks great test coverage around the Endeca API, are there any good strategies to unit testing the interactions with Endeca?
So my question is: This is how the onLocationChanged method looks like: What I am trying to do is to make the program determine when I have reached the start of a track I have supplied as a set of points.
Also execute locally, since it is your local machine, that'll do all the OpenGL work.
It was supposed to be a mens night for the men and a ladies night for the ladies, but before we could go our separate ways the men realized they loved the ladies and the ladies too loved their men and so all together we decided not to deny ourselves the company of the other sex.
I'd been mostly satisfied, sushi-wise, by quality if standard places like Little Tokyo in the South Side and Chaya in Squirrel Hill before I went to Umi with my roommate last Saturday.
The pulled pork was recommended to us.
Here is another example where this is fixed:
Is it safe if I use the same variable to create another subprocess if previous subprocess finishes?
For that reason, I tried adapting this discontiguous type of code but with no luck: I was hoping someone could help me figure out the best way of writing this code?
I think it's magic that this place can be in the middle of uptown and somehow, wildly, I've never been caught in game-day traffic.
Worth a stop - be extra nice to the staff, they are awesome.
Try streaming the data, instead of loading it all into memory separately.
This is the graph using the "hourly" view: From here, it looks like I'm peaking at around 2.5 MB/s.
\n\nAlso, everyone on the staff I talked with was very professional and competent.
The best part is that if you get there at any time other than lunchtime, you get fresh fries.\n\nThe only thing I don't like is how they put mayo on some of their burgers, but they never have a problem with making one without mayo.
"table_products" "table_varients" "table_product_varients" And i want result from select Query like this: Devesh
\n\nIt was fun sitting at the bar and enjoying our sundaes.
The odd problem I am having is that, of the 7 posted vars, 1 and 5 do not replace.
Since Halloween is my favorite holiday, I cannot have a successful fall without visiting this place at least once (along with Curtis Apple Orchard of course).
Use Google Place api will help you to know about particular place link
I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable.
The calamari was okay, but the crab cakes were wonderful - very little if any fillers, I just tasted pure, delicate crab with a light, barely-there crispy crust.\n\nOur entrees varied.
Lots of Christmas decorations everywhere, and I mean everywhere!
My boyfriend has eaten here several times and said the wings (particularly the cajun) are tasty as is the quesadilla (which is so huge you can order just a half), and the Reuben, however, last night he chose the steak hoagie (Thin sliced grilled sirloin and provolone \ncheese on a toasted 8\"" hoagie roll with lettuce and tomatoes).
I can cycle through the image gallery, however, the separate image is not part of the cycle.
The second half I'm not too sure how to implement correctly (the first thing I need help with), and my app is force closing as well after making these changes (the second thing I need help with.) Any help resolving this issue is greatly appreciated!
Beautiful decor, great service and great food.
Tech was on time and very courteous.
Any one can give me a suggestion or a guidance to achieve my objective?
My team and I really enjoy hanging out on the patio.
Still relatively new to MvvmCross, and any thoughts on why the PlugIns aren't loaded or what I might be missing in the conversion to iOS 8 would be greatly appreciated
You're not using the Java API, except for the call to .
Inside, however, the place appears newer and well kept.
You set the api endpoint like this: and then you login with .
I just installed MinGW and it appears to be using 4.6.2.
For those having troubles like these accessing the soap web services and using a protocol, we managed to solve the issue by configuring the RTM CRM 2011 deployment with Claims based authentication and IFD access thanks to this tutorial .
And you can bet Andy the Sushi Guy won't skimp on ingredients.
Haven't been there when it's busy so service was always top notch.
If you're planning to build a UI from JQuery this is pretty clutch.
We were impressed with the fast and attentive service, the authentic clothing the waitstaff wears and the food.
Manuel welcomed us warmly and proceeded to attend to us throughout the evening with ease.
Your is not global; it is local to , but not to .
try this way it will help
I tried a small bite was amazed!
Basically, it's all the same thing so why this confusing syntax?
I recommend the following: Your file looks quite a bit like JSON data, but includes a few minor formatting differences that make using a JSON parser impossible.
The Book class has 3 properties: , , and with it's corresponding getters and setters.
For example: converted to : I would like to copy a new HTML from the iframe to the outerHTML of the main page, as the new HTML generated contains self-closing tags, the outerHTML doesn't recognize them and then doesn't change and the page doesn't show correctly.
If you want the underline to be a fixed width, you'll need to use negative margins to center it.
You really have to enjoy german food in order to appreciate some of the dishes that is server on the brunch buffet during Sundays.
Any leads on how to accomplish this ??
In UIWebView delegate you can handle the navigation notification and prevent it; from the notification you will know the PDF URL, that will allow you to use NSURLConnection to download it.
The bar is beautiful as well.
Selecting MediaRoute on behalf of user works but MediaRoute button is in disconnected state I'm building an app that will launch a chromecast receiver application automatically without the user clicking the mediaroute button and selecting a route.
You definitely should check it out the next time you are looking for a great brunch spot and have some time to kill.
He argues that there hasn't been a silver bullet that made software devlopment remarkably easier and that there never will be one.
----------EDIT 2---------------- Ok, so, hopefully this will be my last EDIT and will finally post an ANSWER, I did some modifications to my original program and I know it's not as farfetched as most of those that are around here but it got me pretty damn close to where I wanted and since I am a noob, please bare with extensiveness of the program when it could be much smaller: Now...
With appropriate permission settings, you could restrict the usage of a FIFO to e.g.
I think next time I'll skip the pancakes with the special and eat the 1/2 piece of french toast that the littlest one left on her plate.
Holy crap it's good!\n- It's BYO, so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine.\n- On a nice day, inside, but by the big window/door to the left.
What is the difference between JavaFX scripting and Using Regular java Syntax while programming JavaFX Applications I am looking for a detail explanation to the following question.
Food is SO much better than Carrabas, Olive Garden, etc., I don't know if locals don't know good Italian food when they taste it (I'm from Boston, which has many great Italian restaurants), or if it's a weekend problem (I almost never eat out on weekends, since service is always worse on busy nights at any restaurant).
Not a problem, said the chef - give me a week's notice, and I'll have a fully vegan experience prepared.
And my second question, is there any way to wait until the animation is complete before continuing with the loop?
In total, there were only 9 groups in the entire place and they were at capacity and we were less than a foot away from the group dining next to us (who were rather uppity and kept looking at us as if we were intruding on their dining experience by sitting near them) so I understand why they require reservations.
This family-owned shop is friendly, knowledgeable and most importantly honest.
I recall paying $8 for the tiniest of tiny rail vodka soda.
I can't open just pressing once the button or open in another window or nothing.
It has a true neighborhood pub feel.
High thread count sheets and fluffy pillows...
:9\n\nAt $8.45, the sandwich platters are very reasonably priced for the quantity of food you get.
I don't have any complaints and would definitely return here.
\n\nThe warehouse has a range of items from treasures to no-one-would-ever-buy-this pieces.
\n\nOther than my frustration with the fitness aspect, the hotel is great, the staff are helpful and polite, and the location is superb.
How can we get those informations?
You can refer my website with this URL: Any advice would be appreciated.
when we finally did sit and order service was fast.
I was with a big group of people and no one took a doggie bag home.
And, like Amy mentioned, make appointments early, they do fill up fast!\n\nIt really pisses me off to hear that there are now protestors hanging outside the clinic.
I was pleasantly surprised when I stumbled upon here.
Pandas, check if timestamp value exists in resampled 30 min time bin of datetimeindex I have created a resampled data frame (DF1) in pandas with a .
The Mee Goreng hit the spot because of the curry taste which is typical of Indian street-side Chinese food.
\n1st example\nstanding at the bar watching a football game holding my money out on the counter so bartender knows i want a drink.
I eat there almost every time I visit, and everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic.
The place was packed so that normally says that the place is good.
The bento lunches made by the owners at Tokyo Japanese Food Store are the bomb!!
You need to set it once, with both values:
So in very very bad case, when boss thread handle only connections for one bootstrap, connections to another will never be handled.
I didn't understand your question, do you want dynamic columns?
I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb.
I had inquired about it and when I got home there was a piece of lemon cake in my bag free of charge.
Everyone I show this place to loves it.
This is handled by the normal filter which handles login, but it doesn't see a and field and as such will redirect (the 302) to the login page (in your case ) asking for those fields.
To solve that I did what said:
Right now, I've to do this on every field: The problem is that the Dic is very complex, and sometimes I even get no the field I look for.
Add a try catch block around the code you are using to execute the query
How can I assign int values to const char array in my blackjack game, C I'm working on a blackjack game in C.
It still tasted good so I popped it in the oven and that helped enough to be able to enjoy it.
My favorite dinner entree was the casericcia - not sure if I spelled it correctly.
Mixed mode assembly not loading symbol for native C++ pdbs I am working with mixed mode assemblies in C++/CLI.
Prices are a little steep, but not so bad as at your typical movieplex.
North Carolina outlawed smoking in all restaurants and 2.
The first array was declared inside a block: When the block is left then all objects that were created non-dynamically inside the block are destroyed by calling their destructor.
Providing debug level output for the build process helped to work around the problem:
They have an extensive assortment of coffee beans and a friendly, quick staff.
I am pretty sure such things won't happen but in case if we do that will browser go for a memory leak.?
I know that there are examples for simplemembership and that there are problems with FLASH automatic authentications.
You would have to change that behavior yourself if you decide to move the views.
Accessing an imported element after the original DOMDocument is destroyed I've been messing around with DOMDocument lately, and I've noticed that in order to transfer elements from one document to the next, I have to call on the target .
It's like the UV sinks into a specific section of my brain and fires up some neurons that don't stfu until November.
Don't go here and get the pad thai.
They also choose a lovely soft sheep's milk and an herbed goat cheese from Cypress Grove.
I wanted to play with each flavor, but didn't.
The is to get the entire arrray in the right order) Output:
No pressure tactics, just straight talk and respect durining the process.\n\nThe service center is great - super clean, great waiting area and helpful and knowledgeable staff.\n\nWe look forward to a long relationship with this location.
Our server was fantastic and remained attentive to us throughout the meal.
Here is the PL/SQL Here is my slightly modified code for this new test procedure I use 'FAKEIDNUM' since I obviously dont want to actually delete anything during this test.
We also got a large ginger dressing to go, as we had salads at home to eat, and it was also excellant!
Klavon's is a wonderful slice of history.
Is there a way that I can run a query that will list all the distinct clients and do the count for each client so that it shows how many times each client appears in the column?
This is necessary if you're writing to NFS, since NFS doesn't support flock().
How to trace map region while scrolling Map in iPhone I completed to display map view to current location in iPhone with maximize zoom level.
I would prefer to do like this: so if "msie" add this functionality you do not depend on old code
One of my favorite places to eat in Uptown.
I thought it was interesting that you can also purchase bike tire tubes here.
I'm not sure what exactly the problem is.
In your code, you have to get the file size from the FTP server.
they had a special that included the option of sweet potato tater tots.
It's that perfect delicious comfort food that these up coming autumn days.\n\nSkip out of work early and make a pit stop here on your way home, you'll thank me later.
Do I have to use my own custom javascript?
I'd spent nearly all my money on the trip, so I was working on a wing and a prayer to be able to pay my fee to get out of the parking lot.
How to make the widget's dependecies to be managed by DI container?
They did have a nice pretzel side with some mustard that will clean your sinuses...
\n\nThe people working there definitely have a good process, but you still have to wait a little while for your food, as everything's freshly made.
Right off the highway which is a huge plus in my book but another reason this mall is so great is the location...
Location is a lot different than the downtown one, crazy busy around the lunch hour...but the food...oh the food!
Sprite not showing renderToTexture Map / rendertarget map I am working with three.js and I set up a second scene and camera and added a cylinder to it.
As far as i know, there is no way to downgrade officially.
I've driven by this theatre hundreds of times since I've lived in Charlotte and have never made it in until recently.
Seriously....I'm more of an ATM kind of girl.
I was told to put it in a helper.
There are three alternatives for unsolvable hash collisions on open addressing hash tables: Re-hash the entire table with a different hash function, and hope that no new unsolvable hash collisions occur.
For example when I sort this the sort does something but this is not good.
But this might not be full proof since there can be "other schema"-related errors that stop the validation.
They can spend more time with your car when there aren't 10 cars in line waiting.
I thought it would make a nice ornament.
Portions sort of skimpy but they ar ealways expanding the menu.
Since your array is sorted, you can use Arrays.binarySearch which returns index of the element if it is present in the , otherwise returns .
The wood was cheap too - $5 a bundle.
The cover is a little bit high, in my opinion.
\n\nThe ingredients you can build for your burrito, salad, etc.
It's not exactly what you would find dining out in NOLA, and it's a bit pricey for what you get, but if you have a craving, it will fix that.\n\nThe one thing that makes Cajun Queen stand out is the rooftop dining.
Please advise me on this See the picture below for more
It has disadvantage of having to learn slightly different workflow.
boost::stable_vector insertion is orders of magnitude slower than std::vector.
Instead of setting up the handlers that way, however, why not use jQuery's ".delegate()"?
The incoming request does have content-type multipart/form-data, with content-length of 292 The outgoing request does not have content-type: Naturally, the incoming response has HTTP 415, unsupported media: Also worth loading is the synapse of the API:
You might be able to do this using a Base model such as: implement the Callback in the fragment as An example of an MyBaseModel would be: The onResponse should return the: then just check if the result is an instance of your model using 'instanceOf'
Working in the University area, we bring clients to Ciros all the time.
We had a short wait around 10 minutes and the manager seated us right in front of the band as if he read my mind.
If you're using Eclipse Collections (formerly GS Collections), you can use the method on all .
They did a great job and charged $40 for the alignment.
Disable control in CommandItemTemplate for RadGrid in different browser I am trying to disable the anchor control inside CommandItemTemplate of the radgrid.
\n\nI got the fried jumbo chicken wings which were delicious, the greens, which were flavorful but not very juicy like I prefer mine.
My boyfriend got it today alongside a cheddar biscuit that paired beautifully with the soup.
because the issue of double handling the data is actually a very big one, and will cost you both time and money.
He had reserved the table thru their website, leaving \""birthday\"" in the comments- and they'd sprinkled the table (really sweet, sits in an alcove, isolated and quiet) with balloon confetti.
How to capture ring back tone (RBT) sound and record it in java android?
As suggested in the comments, the Array filter method should give you what you want.
Referencing a javascript file from a different domain is no problem.
The call will return when your pods running the new version are &amp; the old replication &amp; pods have been stopped &amp; deleted.
So far I'm able to get package name and all activity names under that package application.
Perhaps what you want is not to turn adaptive -scoring off, but just to turn scoring off.
Their food is flavorful, fresh, and not super-greasy.
But try this: Would mean a with a classname of , the is redundant.
I've never felt targeted with \""attitude,\"" but I have experienced long waits for the menu, coffee, water, the check - but weirdly, never the food.
Stopped here on our way home from the dells for a quick lunch.
I'm using Sitecore WebForms for Marketeers.
I used to go to Mermaid and thought they were ok, but then I came here.
They have plenty of traditional German fare such as Weinerschnitzel, sauerkraut, spaetzle, etc.
The wait staff is very educated and can help you with selections, wine pairings and anything you need.
Here are the grammar rules for the hidden tokens: I've been playing with the Cymbol CommentShifter example on p.
Going by the class names, would have s, but I don't see why one should extend/implement the other.
like: can the web.py type classes be implemented in django like it would be super cool
I would like to see something close to serial communication, if possible.
I walked out of the salon feeling very satisfied with my new look.
Just change that up: You could actually just use math here: Putting this all together, here's how you should have written this:
You are using the wrong tools.
I come here for lunch all the time to try their different lunch specials.
They are equally fast as subway, but in my opinion much more tastier!
I've tried this; it works, but I'm wondering if there is a better (shorter, faster) way:
This restaurant is a huge surprise, and a good one, too!
Why isn't the divide() function working in Java BigInteger?
The atmosphere is classy, without being pretentious.
I find it very hard to eat because all of the toppings would fall off to the table, but they do have paper towels for you to put underneath if you want to do this so you can eat whatever falls off.
Suppose you want ints: You could hide this behind a macro which takes the typename as a macro argument, although the code is simple enough that that is not really necessary.
Then clicking the key icon to set them both as the primary key.
I have a large OCaml project which I am compiling with ocamlbuild.
I would imagine that members of the International Function Point User Group (yes, there is one), will disagree.
Please also suggest some documentation which can help me.
Are they all relative paths based on source layout in SCSS files (e.g.
I tried to without luck, it kept crashing.
This change essentially appends the "Z" to the end of the - however there is one more step to convert the Local time to UTC.
I am building a RESTful data store and leveraging Conditional GET and PUT.
I didn't order a waffle though.
This means either derive from or implement .
Even if such an editor did not exist, it still might be possible to implement this by automatically running the Python script every few seconds, and then parsing the console output for error messages.
It is exactly what you think, a match you strike that burns as incense.
My husband made me feel better by saying it is vacation, don't stress about it.
You could extend the validation system to check for certain conditions (free space, number of entities) and fail an insert or update if these didn't match your criteria.
I will certainly be back for some more clothes.
Use with with ascending or descending to decide if lowest or highest.
fast intersection, complement and union of tab-delimited text files?
The Doc's calm competence with the help of his super nice staff transformed what was an inherently painful and \""let me out, I'm freaking out\"" situation into a mildly unpleasant but bearable experience.
It is tasty, but not the best southern cuisine I've had.
The filters down to the people in the right number of distinct groups.
However I noticed the figures for the 3 fields that rely on the function are different on the web page from when the stored procedure is run directly on the database or through the report.
I use a helper file called 'session_helper.rb' for login/logout as well as for checking if the user is logged in (signed_in?).
Please that addresses the problem using localStorage/sessionStorage.
\nWhat A NICE selection , great people , Excellent yummie donuts.\nAll I can say to Potomac Bakery so far is WOW !\nI intend to try the other Bakery's on CBS's list , and I'll keep ya updated .
Android navigation drawer max number of items What is the max limit for number of items for android navigation drawer?
My husband and I swore we would be back, simply for us both to eat this dish again.
How to handle slow network connection in Java/Android I have an app that uses many, many calls to a MySQL database; it does this inside an .
Please don't let it discourage you.
This was unlike other pumpkin ravioli I've had...very pumpkiny.
Here is an error I get from the command line: Edit: from hs_err:
It appears this is a JDK bug and it looks like this could be fixed by updating your JDK, what version are you currently on?
A method which declares a return type must declare a return statement for every possible branch of flow of that method.
The pita had good texture and a nice, buttery taste.
The drinks are inexpensive and the food looked good.
The room was very big and the two TVs were great.
If you live anywhere near south Charlotte, this place is closer than you think.
If you are wondering why I am doing this, my project is on linked lists and requires input from the user to add nodes to the linked list.
It means that header "header.h" is included in more than one compilation unit.
Make anaconda jupyter notebook auto save .py script I would like to simply be able to launch the jupyter notebook from Anaconda and have it automatically save a .py script when I save the .ipynb.
Keybords inputs in a WPF user control are not sent to the WinForms container We have a WinForms application that we are progressively converting to WPF.
I grew up in a large Midwestern city that featured more than a few Le Peep locations.
turns your location updates on and turns your updates off.
I would try passing the parent frame that created the dialog, not the dialog itself.
If you have many options, you usually create a seperate table, only with an id and description (or name).
had lobster here on my birthday once too and it was good
here is the error I am getting
This stop was more of a \""it's a pretty nice day out, I need to walk off lunch, oh look, there's Best Buy\"".
I don't need all web-related features.
I think it may be a crime to give fewer than five stars to Twisters.
The grounds are very nice here, but I have to say the part I loved best was the collection of cars.
Great thing to do with your middle school aged kids.
So in most client-side apps, pre-compiling templates is a form of premature optimization.
The beginning is inclusive while the ending is exclusive.
I can't speak about the food but the bartender and service was great.
It's unique diner food in a renovated old gas station.
Constructing objects using a constructor function will always return the instance of the newly created object.
Beyond that, the seating areas are filled with locations to charge my ever growing collection of electronic components.\n\nNext for me is the food situation.
I had the Pecan-Encrusted Catfish and the seafood bisque, and S.
My local go-to for a great meal with friends.
The data limit is based on the size of data sent to the Power BI service.
If you want to display the text element as multi line, you should set position to each tspan element manually.
For our entrees I had the gnocchi and my acct mgr had the piccata.
However, when I do go, I try to get here before 10 a.m.
I decided to pair it with the grits and asparagus.
I had assumed that what I needed would be an ornate crystal pendulum, but \""great things come in small packages\"".
The whole migration idea is not based on some "most recent timestamp" (schema version) but it's based on the content of table that contains all migration timestamps that it has already run.
With , isn't , so we return .
Started off with a couple apps, into the salads, delicious dinner, loaves upon loaves of bread in between.
These are my questions: Is it true that starting an activity for result with FLAG_ACTIVITY_NEW_TASK prevents onActivityResult() to be called?
They always offer snacks and drink when we are there and see us fast and get us in fast.
I inserted a value into the database from SSMS and when I tried the application everything worked fine.
It's simple, elegant, and makes sense.
I just found it vastly annoying that there still wasn't a lot of charging stations or great outlets to charge my phone.
You, of course, must assure that it gets initialised somewhere.
The client request to download a named file.
We were planning to head over to Wan Fu for Christmas dinner (a la \""Christmas Story\"" fa-ra-ra-ra-rah, ra-ra-ra-ra-rah style) but at the last minute we decided to head home and cook instead.
I have read and this article mentioned in the accepted answer.
Now I would like to plot these points on a graph.
Lots of character, not at all scary, very clean, modern, comfy - all the things you want in a hotel.
It is a chain, but it feels more like a local bar.
It seems the line that causes the error is the angular.copy.
We got right in at Park 51 and had an awesome breakfast!
Like other aggregate functions, also supports analytic functions .
The whole place has such a great vibe, the service was awesome, and the drinks were dee-lish!
How to set width to 100% in WPF Is there any way how to tell component in WPF to take 100% of available space?
For more information on the article itself, see this article:
That's right, caching slowed everything down .
How can I specify a different object directory in a Makefile.am?
The very same sourcemap plugin will be included in Gulp 4 natively: <a href=" -- If you want to have more details on how sourcemaps work internally with Gulp, they are in Chapter 6 of my Gulp book: <a href="
The staff was also friendly and the place was clean.
My family has been going here for fourteen years (since we lived in the apartments behind the restaurant and would balance on a water pipe over a creek to walk there!)\n\nThe food has been fresh and consistent.
Killing him with kindness does not work.
You need many to many relationship: In your user model: In your Lead model: Then from your controller: Utilize the many to many relationship.
She asked us a few questions about why we were in town and made me feel like I picked the right place to stay at.
This is a good distributor that is conveniently located, well-stocked, and has friendly staff.
They had copper tables in a cramped type of environment that is very European.\n\nWe decided to forgo appetizers this day and instead got drinks.
Sharing heavy calculations result when using DRF serializer with many=True There is a simple DRF serializer which: As you see I have a field which value is calculated via some function.
Everything was amazing but the mango chicken, curry chicken, and jerk pulled pork were highlights.
In order for that to happen you need to explicitly update deltaTime.
\n\nThe cappuccino was also very good.
For instance, I don't want a .Create() method sitting on a Repository that takes type object, esp.
The location is ok with a quick walk to the heart of Charlotte.
I have found link which can help you to talking api you can use Create a Datapoint The datapoint creation endpoint takes an array of datapoints
Beer and wine only - no liquor.
They have the best Burnt Almond Torte, so Good!
Don't panic, the World has been saved.
The problem is that it suddenly freeze and do nothing after several (sometimes hundreds) of requests.
You could create another list in the correct order, by something like: This has the advantage of leaving the original collection unmodified (if that's important to you).
No need to add special routes.
I'm thinking of implementing a really large continuous build at work (hundreds of Visual Studio solutions, thousands of projects).
Decent prices for a great experience.
A lot of times the font itself isn't loaded and then the font-size won't be used at all.
Also, the regulars here seemed very nice and always willing to help out a newbie.
Not only does it have fresh fish, but some veggies to add to your daily vitamin intake.
My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!
type 3b Naturally curly, 100% grey, I dye it dark and mess with the color myself.
Merging all the arrays together isn't necessary.
Wish I lived closer, I would go there alot more.
My husband could have spent days in there looking around (his words), and it's great to have a place like this in the community where you can not only drop off leftover supplies and hardware (or countertops, cabinets, doors, windows, sinks, you name it!) that's still useable so that it doesn't go to the landfill, and also for picking up odds and ends for a building or remodeling project.
You're far more likely to see a Sid Vicious look-alike or a break dancing session form in the middle of the floor than you are to see a shoving match or a fight break out.
\n\nAll in all, it was worth it to go for the entr\u00e9e.
I've leveraged TWiStErRob's solution and I have expanded on this to add more capability, however lately when I add the "apply from" statement in my build.gradle to include the auto-version.gradle file and let Gradle sync, my build.gradle gets inexplicably corrupted and loses all formatting using Android Studio 1.1.
, explained in detail in answer on: For understanding the used commands and how they work, open a command prompt window, execute there the following commands, and read entirely all help pages displayed for each command very carefully.
Come by Monty's for some ultimate comfort food!
I decided to not take home my left overs.
But when I change that value it will not save it so that when I reopen word the modifications are gone.
Clutter can use GDK, the GTK+ windowing system API, to talk to the windowing system surfaces and get input events.
Well, it's a good thing I wore a flowy dress and an adjustable slide belt to dinner at Nakato.
I've built the CMake project (after fixing some issues in the MSVC specific stuff) which also builds all the tests but the tests fail the same way my simple test program does.
How to enter values, save them to a new file and search for the values in the file I have a school assignment that I need help with.
Now I want to display a "No favorite item" msg when there is no item to list.
That's on the second floor with a great view of the north shore and pnc park.
But i don't understand how positioning work.
An old fashion barber shop with always 3-4 barbers on duty.
In your case, you called , so there you are actually rendering the view in create action.
The flavors were well balanced and succulent.
If children is just a field in the data, then this should be a WHERE clause instead of a HAVING clause:
I know they also do live jazz, though I'm unsure of what night.
You may want to think about using delegation from the settings view controller to notify the presenting view controller that the user logged out and that the login view controller should be presented.
I'm thinking of something like a "permission flag", extending a base permission on a company-permission.
It's a common design pattern in Java, called builder .
My favorite place in regent square.
To begin with I'm programming a simple Snake recreation in Java and I need your advice on how to go about gameloop/pausing in the game.
How can I make it run only once, when the tween event is completed ?
Any idea what could be causing this or how we can debug it?
The app should keep running when backgrounded only if it is doing some uninterruptible task, e.g.
This is where the configuration for that solr install resides.
My Boyfriend didn't enjoy his meal as much.
Through the boatload of food that they dole out.
Usually, Google Play app cache refreshes once every 24 hours.
My phone has a bunch (120+) regular videos, and one slow mo video.
or do I have to repeat the nav bar inside every controller's html ?
One of the main advantages exactly is to not have to manually make extra queries when there is a relationship between entities.
Came with some friends on the way home from white water rafting.
I have not had time to actually test this code out, if you try it out and find errors please let me know and I'll fix it!
\n\nI feel an 8 minute race is just a tease, but my friends who don't have a regular exercise regimen start complaining after the second race...
This question is also being answered here (since you already found my github bug report): For the moment, and likely it will be this way until the emacs build system changes, the only valid solutions are: Don't build with a Dockerfile and build in a running container that has a seccomp profile that allows the personality syscall.
When there is no data in Details section the Page header is displayed.
Not only could I read the specials (and prices) on the whiteboard in the kitchen, but our server was always around in case we needed to flag her down.\n\nThe mascarpone goat cheese appetizer was...
The chicken and beef dishes are both well prepared, with that great smokey flavor.\n\nWhile I did not eat on the patio this visit, I was very intrigued by this location's arrangement.
FILTER_VALIDATE_FLOAT does not accept a range option.
Understanding R convolution code with sapply() I am trying to break apart the R code in : I tried in RStudio, but it still opaque.
Richard, the manager was fantastic and made us feel at home.
Associates in Pamela's also very kind and sweet.
I adopted my puppy, Brock, back in January, and I couldn't be happier.
The obvious solution, as Fyodor Soikin points out, is to simply make a module.
I prefer to go at lunch since it is a buffet and I can have a little of everything (plus fresh fruit for dessert).
Was hard to decide what to order.
\n\n If you go here stick with weekdays.
The output I got was: Is this an existing method?
Their tortila chips were served hot and the salsa was a little different but okay.
I have a link that when clicked loads a dynamic webpage (which performs some operations on the server), and then redirect the user to an installed app.
Solution : Allow the player to move into an object, and then scan for all of the objects he's touching.
I could not found any solution.
Add it to this project's config with Build → Add build step → Copy artifacts from another project .
This will store an integer from the scanner, and forcefully make sure it is an integer, and then store a string afterwards.
I have gotten two that I really liked\n\nThey also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value.
Also, I recommend changing the event binding to the following:
You can get their pies on wheat crust, you can get vegan cheese, and they now even have gluten free pizza.
UPDATE: boost version: 1.54 I added std::list to the code and tried passing -DNDEBUG in addition to -O3.
Beating the brunch rush was great.
Bash Shell Script - If with Find not returning what I expected My program: Now, my problem is that when it searches the contents of the find on the " " command, it isn't saving the differences on "notEqual" nor the equals to "equal".
Only negative of this place is the restaurant is small and crammed, it is always packed, and there is always a wait.
I love this place for a quick bit!!
To deal with any class, you can use your function, but with a custom cell output instead of : Then inside whatever function you write, you can get a comma-separated list of all properties with , which will be suitable for a function that expects each property name input as a separate argument (e.g.
She apparently ordered a drink that no one ever asks for because Michael had to check the menu to remember how to make it...
The owner always remembers my order when I show up: beans and cheese with rice, size 'chico' (though there's nothing chico about it).
I loved the location, access to parking, convenience, friendliness of the staff.
They had several places to grab some food like Einstein bagels and Bojangles.
Most anything on the vegetarian menu is or can be vegan (just ask about egg - veg items do not contain fish sauce or shrimp paste).
Using nested functions also introduces the danger of bugs if a function unintentionally accesses or changes one of its container's variables.
Use an MVVM library such as MvvmLight and use the RelayCommand provided there.
Another approach is to use amfphp library and thus send/receive data in Flash native AMF format which Flash can fast way faster.
Their praise has been so high that I feel totally confident in recommending this veterinarian!\n\nSarah Kalnajs BA/CDBC/CPDT\nBlue Dog Training & Behavior
Last Saturday night the wife and I went to the Greentree location, and the food was very good.
specifying column names of a data frame within a function ahead of time Suppose you're trying to create a data frame within a function.
Thanks, Dexter's!!\n\nDexter's = WIN\n\nFood = 4.5 stars (excellent fish; curds and fries were stellar)\nService = 2 stars (they forgot about us, but made up for it)\nValue = 2 stars (would've been over $85 for the 4 of us)\nMisc = 3 stars (the place isn't much to look at, but has an excellent beer selection...)\n\nOh - also, parking is hard to come by, so be prepared to park on the street and/or walk a bit to get there.
Everything was delicious, especially the complimentary bread and they olive oil-based stuff you can put on it.
Most notable from that first visit was the fact that even though the place was hopping, the service was super quick.
You can call in and order as well.
Where should I make changes in my code?
They don't serve Heinz Ketchup which seems wrong given both their historical heritage and that they are located about 100 feet away from the Heinz Global HQ in PPG.\n\nWould I go back to the Original Oyster?
I tried it you can add comments in Beanshell for example using this syntax /** * test */ Note there is also a "Comment" field in all elements.
Service was fast, friendly and accurate...no complaints there.
Eclipse does not recognize static web content under src/main/resources/static I am working on a Spring boot web project.
Common sense to me if you ask.
I know what your thinking but stop right there ....
if you are wanting to use it later.
Killian for years now and he has always been an extremely good dentist, very kind, professional, and comforting when it comes to some of the more serious procedures.
The slider works fine but they all throw an error on line 17: You have a meta tag inside the script tag
Glyph ID's do not always correspond to Unicode character values - especially with non latin scripts that use a lot of ligatures and variant glyph forms where there is not a one-to-one correspondance between glyphs and characters.
Hosts were VERY friendly, so we started our (very big) breakfasts around 9 and usually ended around 10.
My favorite place to get brunch in this neck of the woods.
Lattice Reduction I have two matrices A and B with same number of rows.
Finding out where curl was redirected I'm using curl to make php send an http request to some website somewhere and have set CURLOPT_FOLLOWLOCATION to 1 so that it follows redirects.
I know it's $25, but come on....I have to shove my suit jacket under my seat with my computer bag because you are too cheap to check, but somehow feel it's ok to carry on a bag, a purse that's big enough to be another carry on piece of luggage, and shopping items you picked up in the terminal, easily taking up a whole overhead bin by yourself?
Absolutely no complaint about service here!\n\n We have been here twice.
She very much enjoyed the food too.\n\nFujo's is a nice place to eat or pick up food, especially if you're staying at the Hilton Hotel in Uptown Charlotte.
i am using SHA 256 + salting.
But I have thought of one solution.
Say I have: Is it possible and/or better (worse?) to do:
But, avoid 'The Drifter' beer at all costs..
If there aren't any, your model should both in the line and in should return invalid (empty) QVariant.
Keep up the good work, Climbing Wall.
It was $22 for my boy and me to go.
From the first paragraph on Retrieves an external feed and parses it.
The non-uniqueness is handled by using .
Gotta say....worth the effort to find this gem of a restaurant off the beaten path.
I an very happy with my haircut :) Staff are very polite too.
I'm starting to think that there is no way to do this...
try catching the array values in a reference: then you shouldn't need to re-assign the values after the fact.
I usually hang out here on Saturdays before a standing 6:00 date, so I know the place well.\n\nSometimes, there are lots of angsty, purple-haired teens hanging around the place, and occasionally there have been old farty-types arguing loudly about politics...but other than the sometimes unpleasant noise, it tends to be a pretty laid-back shop.
She fixed a pair of linen slacks that I have (Who says \""linen slacks in a Yelp review anyways?) and did a great job.
You have to use relative paths, too.
I didn't know that there would be such an international airport in a place like this.
You know, hummus is always a crap shoot for me.
The bulk of the integer operations for 32B vectors are in the AVX2 extension (not the initial AVX extension, which is almost entirely floating-point operations).
Where they were short on flavor on the salmon they made up for on the shrimp.
I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did!
Watch out for the kids and remember to dress warm and always fall with closed hands or you'll take home less fingers than you brought.
The following is the output of this procedure's execution: An additional query of the target table shows that DML errors introduced in the middle of the loop iterations did not interrupt the completion of the other loops and their assigned DML operation.
I would re-think your storyboard layout here a bit.
Inside bar had good, inexpensive food.
You can also easily tell the person that picks you up which zone you'll be at on the outside.
Obviously 'user2' should not have access to 'password1' file.
They communicate clearly about diagnostic and treatment options.
I love your wonderful cheese, Penn Mac!
The corned beef hash (served with typical white potatoes and the sweet potato hash...
Our server was happy and excited to be there.
One of the best bars in campustown....
I am making a social networking website where I already made most of my code in PHP and now I am working on real time communications where I do video/audio conferencing, text chat, etc.
I had a mahi mahi with mango puree for my main dish and it was right up my alley!
It was okay, but didn't stand up to the rest of the meal.\n\nOh wait - I remember that I had scallops and they were the cat's meow!\n\nGreat ambiance; beautiful digs in a part of town that's apparently been fixed up since we lived there and well trained staff.\n\nOh this pic:\n to be in the Men's Room; it's a picture of the restaurant from when I last went to it (right next to the First Union building where I worked).
My click event for that button is this.
I've seen them and they do look good, but I'm stuck to the beer selection.
Solution was to add index index.php
Drupal 7 date/text field issue I have a content type in Drupal that is a text field that holds a date that the user types in.
The data will be stored as longtext in a mysql database, the content is not known to me and may be pretty much anything.
It's a technology that lets you associate information in relational database tables to objects in your middle tier.
Then you can invoke the required selectors of that protocol on the delegate object that you have been given.
If you really need to set the property to true you could use an to post process the filter and configure the from there.
The hotel is very nice & the reps were all hospitable.
Static members fail to integrate well with inheritance.
you must support a stateless app model).
Shouldn't it wait until the asynchronous request has succeeded and is called in the callback?
i don't know for sure if this still works on Win7 and with current browser-versions, but in the past you could do this...
In your env file, the value should not have any single or double quotes.
JR H and I seemed to miss each other this weekend in Pitt.
What will get removed if i remove a pointer in c++ If I remove a pointer to an object, what will be removed?
my code is below: JQUERY: Any help please?
refers to the variable i, not to the control with id i.
Short answer: Because DOS behaved this way, and tries to mimic DOS.
BEST COFFEE IN PITTSBURGH!\n\nYou might think there is better coffee elsewhere.
My brother and I were in town for work and needed to get out into the air.
As @jewelsea suggests, setting the modality and owner for the alert box will assure that the alert will appear over the stage, even if the stage is moved.
\n\nIt was nice to have a porch outside on the upper floors.
Usually , is implemented as a red-black tree with lean iterators.
I ate here this past Friday evening with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.
You are trying to upload an array of files, you will not be able to upload more than 20 files due to max_file_uploads limit in which is by default set to .
Configure Solr to index metadata included in seed.txt I am currently running Nutch 1.10 and solr 5.3.1, and I am attempting to crawl and index a few sites.
\n\nWe each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries.
This is the first restaurant that I went to for dinner when I moved to Charlotte.
This has been one of the better hotels I have stayed in.\n\nThe facility is very clean and the staff is very helpful.
\n\nAbout the only thing odd was the tiling around their deli case.
You can even find it in video lectures at MIT Opencourseware Intro to Algorithms course or Stanford's Algorithms course
I was even asked by a young girl employee, who was apparently on a break of some sort, if I needed any assistance (as I am sure I looked pretty lost).
I am a fan of Bed Bath & Beyond and this is a great location.
I don't want to move the libraries out of my sandbox.
It was like an egg drop soup with little bits of chicken and corn, not substantial enough for the price.\n\nOverall 4 stars, but speed of service would be 2.5 stars.
* extconf.rb failed * Could not create Makefile due to some reason, probably lack of necessary libraries and/or headers.
Intent.getAction() is throwing Null + Android I have written BroadcastReceiver for sort of Alarm application.
I wish I could give them ten stars!
Nice to be in a store where employees actually know what customer service means.
If the link is supposed to be "enhanced" with some javascript code, the third party probably gave you a javascript file to include as well.
because I didn't even know about it.
\n\nThe pricing and selection in general is along the lines of most warehouse places like Total Wine, etc.
The bar was nice - small, but a great place to stop for a nightcap on your way back in for the evening.
He is so honest and really will do what is best for items I have a formal gown that I bought to wear to a wedding.
But when the Dolphins come to town, I'll be in my aqua and orange.
My current plan is to read the configuration out of the database and spawn a long running task for each consumer.
Php, traffic catcher I'm starting up an image hosting website which also offers pay per view, for example upload an image and it get 1000 views you get $2.00 something along those lines.
A great place to go to have a few drinks with drink specials every night of the week and a great place to grab a meal with specials depending on the time of day.
If so it would mean reengineering the entire software again.
It is a block and a half from Holiday Inn Center City and across the street from The Dunhill.
Is this design pattern scalable in MongoDB?
even though it is giving same error
My guess is PHP is evaluating the above as a string, not hex.
If possible then use their php code on any hosted web server.
I had a very comfortable stay.
Normally I can call my web services by going to this route Now I want to be able to hide index.php but still call the same route like this Currently I am able to get 200-OK from only going up to webservices/ using the following htaccess rewrite: RewriteRule ^webservices/(.*)/$ webservices/index.php/$1 [R,L] however, everything after the webservices/ will give me a 404 not found here is an example.
C# prevent excel file from getting modified Hi I'm searching a way to prevent an excel file from being modified .
And you have to pay 25 cents extra to add lettuce, tomato, etc.
Email address is accessible for the authenticated user as long as you request "r_emailaddress" permissions upon authorization.
thank heavens for there being one in brookline.
\n\nThe bar was jumping when I picked up our order.\n\nThe white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.
info_buyRequest doesn't seem to have this info for a bundled item.
I checked out the CSS stuff, and this is what it looks like: On further trial and error, I found that on removing the radio button and text come in same line, but radio button is to the right to the text.
I tried by adding the last line on this code but nothing...
Before I plunk down the cash, I'm investigating the available APIs and support resources.
The Dor-Stop is a great small breakfast restaurant.
Controller to get edit view Controller to do the update error i get
I have this bit of html code, but when I click the link, it does not close:
\n\nI lived in Brookline for 2 years and would frequent this place.
Apple's MapKit only used Google Maps up to iOS 5.1 as stated in the "Important" note in the class reference : Important : In iOS 5.1 and earlier, the Map Kit framework uses the Google Mobile Maps (GMM) service to provide map data.
Yes, the building is old, it's a bit run down, but that doesn't stop the staff and administration from doing the best they can with so very little and in not the best of space.
I've had trouble searching for this, but I haven't seen anybody trying to do this!
Error on VS 2013 for WP Silverlight 8.1 applications I explain my error in this video: error I'm doing this because I tried to ask a question for my error in past and I didn't get any answers.
It is not for it for Synchronize should be used for both read and update.
This summer, I was walking and a staff came about and asked if I wanted a ride since I looked tired so he called for a ride for me on the transport, which was great.
This implies that i cannot make any real buy.
You have to choose one way of the following : Re-installing a package by it's name in all solution's projects: Re-installing a package by it's name and ignoring it's dependencies in all solution's projects: Re-installing a package by it's name in a project: Re-installing all packages in a specific project: Re-installing all packages in a solution:
I've never had a pasta special I didn't adore.
I'll definitely be eating here again.
The BBQ shrimp are beyond tasty but I normally order that as my meal now it comes as an entree too.
That's all well and good, but I don't want to have these conditional checks for every possible entity, for the entity's interface, and the entity's repository sitting in my uow.
This is a great place to celebrate a special occasion.
This Hampton Inn & Suites at Phillips Place was beautiful and pristine!
The idea is to calculate the total price for each row (by * ) and assign it to .
Even better, there's a wide assortment of knick-knacks and books that are perfect as gifts or impulse purchases for yourself.
\n\nIf you want traditional sushi in a quiet, friendly environment this is your place.
In the first line in question regex: error is in and - it should have double slash and In the second line in question regex: there are two errors: should have double slash to represent slash: mean , should be to represent and Working code:
EG: Not_Camel_case -> notCamelCase or Camel_Case to camelCase.
By that I mean specify the absolute path to file (on linux server for example) If the image is on a remote server (as your variable name suggests), then your code should look like this: Assuming your PHP config has set to true.
The meaning depends on how you interpret the bytes.
How to detect swipe gesture in mvvmcross I am using pattern.
\n\nThe day of the visit, everything went great.
When you inflate the layout for your fragment, you should ensure that the visibility is set to GONE.
When you add the file, make sure you select 'Add As a Link' button.
The amount of tickets to be won was incredible.
You can write pseudo code in whatever form you like.
\n\nI highly recommend stopping in this place to grab dinner - either for ready made food or their pasta and sauce.
Is there a way to step through each checkbox on a worksheet without using ?
They offer several sauces at the table and each had a very unique flavor.
My side items were Collard Greens and a Sausage Wrap of some sort.
I seem to be getting all the loaded modules except the one I want!
\n\nThe prices are a bit high, but not unreasonable.
You seem to be writing a makefile in GNUMake style, but actually running some other version of Make.
I am so thankful that I can just walk right across the street from where I live and eat here.
Python has very good support for IPC between two processes when one process spawns another, but not in your scenario.
\n\nOnce I had a bad experience with the rice cake dish - it came out all wrong.
You could get rid of columns with in them like this (in either Python 2.7 or 3+): Output: As @Bakuriu mentioned in a comment, it might be a better to use the function which is in the built-in module and is therefore likely to be faster.
Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through.
Protein choices ranged from mussels and shrimps to pork, chicken and beef.
Application.js: application.css.scss: messages.coffee: gemfile: Offending file, home.html.erb:
Three of us enjoyed three different entrees and all said we would definitely go back.
Why I am not getting where i did mistake.
\n\n\""You know, if I worked here, they would find me in the back with my head in a bucket of this mac & cheese,\"" Ard said.\n\nYep, basically.
in my Angular app I have an app which is reading information from an SQL database and displaying in a table.
Home of the Italian Army.\n\nVento's is located in the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh right next to Home Depot.
Please include all fonts type like you did.
The second week I had stuffed cabbage and mash potatoes.
For what it is, affordable thai food, you can't beat Basil Thai.
Yes it's a chain, but not every Capital Grille gets 5 stars from me.
I should have chosen the Osso Bucco!!
This is not a good idea.
Also more documentation and examples because it's easier to rewrite classes from Flex into Flash then rewriting Flash code for classes.
Concatenate filepart1.dat + filepart2.dat + filepartN =large_file.dat I started to find the size first using below code, It will be great if some one help so I can learn.
Only downside is they DO NOT deliver.
You're trying to do the calculation and the output in one step.
Though I'm not sure when this would be useful.
I have used both google AND the stack overflow search functions in an attempt to find someone else with the same problem.
The accomodations are nice and the price is right.
Before you write code, you may test an equivalent query in the browser and see if the results look as expected.
Here is an example fiddle for your requirement
For dessert, I orderedthe peach mille feuille.
They seemed to get to each person quickly and made the drinks quickly.
It's always a cluster f#$%^k going in!
Swapping them swapped the copies, but not the original.
We did save room for desert.
It's NOT a thrift store, so don't go in there expecting thrift store prices, that's just ignorant.
After visiting every shelter in the city and finding nothing, we came back the next day after seeing a posting for a 2 month old terrier mix.
The service was not exactly warm, but efficient.\n\nFried Catfish.
I really enjoyed Barrington's the only time I've visited.
As decisive as my motives are, it takes me at least a half hour to choose each time.
My family and I enjoyed celebrating my birthday here over the weekend
Hence, though is valid for an , you need instead and then set its value with .
\n\nI got the london broil sandwich and it was tasty.
If you are using any IDE for developing Apps then always run that App in sudo mode .
Never had a problem with anything done here.
Stayed here for a week for a conference in town, and it was like home away from home.
For the second class, no factory is created as the class is fully stateless.
The faster way is using knockout validation plugin, but it is slow when you have a lot of data..
We finally made it out to Chevy's after having their chips and salsa at many an event with our friends.
a mortar and pestle, a pink Himalayan salt grinder, a cute leaf thing designed for used tea bags.
This question asks for an example, here is mine.
The staff is very professional, yet willing to engage.
Please suggest how to resolve this.
You don't need to split anything, simply loop: jQuery will automatically parse the string returned from the server as a javascript array so that you could directly access its elements.
Despite not being the most comfortable of seats, it was by far the most enchanting part of the patio.\n\nI thought the pizza was \""eh.\"" The dough was a little \""doughy' for my taste.
I didn't like any of the provided answers as they all clutter the global scope with the variable, why not do it this way instead?
(Please: don't hold a five minute conversation with them and try 10 cheeses on Saturday when there are 30 people waiting, though.) The salamis across from the cheese counter are excellent, and this is probably the only place I've been that has 3-4 different brands of anchovy paste.
The lack of annotated libraries continues to be a problem with Eclipse's built in nullness cehcking.
We were en route from the Point to Station Square when the skies opened up, and the nearest bar to duck into was Papa J's.\n\nWhat you need to know first is that Papa J's is a historic landmark - it's the oldest standing former brothel in the 'Burgh.
If I am missing something I'm almost certain it's something trivial.
Building Angular App and embed on another page you didn't write It is possible to build a JavaScript library, use JQuery and then embed it on another page.
Ask for your sauces like hot sauce or duck sauce.
The pick up is always ready by the time I get there though.
The wait staff was extremely friendly, as well!\n\nNow for the burger: It was absolutely huge!
We just visited in January, and the fireplace was going.
Here's my SQL: I have never created a SQL Server trigger before.
Most places charges between $10-20 for your first time purchase.\n\nYou will find the major beer you want in here, although you will really only save money if buying a lot of it.
Yelp didn't exist when I used to go here, back in the CMU days, but it is still my favorite Soon Du Bu (Tofu Stew) place - we just LOVED it.
I do like this airport a lot.
Can't comment on check in or TSA but it's easy to get around and people are friendly....and theres rocking chairs!
The onions were a little heavy for me, but being my first time, I took it as it came.
It took me a while until I finally found out about it, but I believe this is gonna be the defacto standard for a long while so I'd encourage anyone writing a new project to just default to jspm.
It has a healthcheck which passes and a route to get to that backend service.
They are really great about helping out people who have limited mobility.\n\nThe center section (the \""hub\"" area from which the gates extend) is really nice - I love the window wall and the rocking chairs that are lined up perfectly for people watching, book reading, and relaxing.
Ultimately, I couldn't pass up the gourmet brownies with peanut butter icing.
it cannot be initialized, so individually it is not an object, but takes part in behaviour of child class If you want all children of this abstract class to implement there own functionality, otherwise implement the functionality in the base abstract class, mark it as virtual so the children can override if necessary.
\nI ordered Chicken Piccata, as I was wanting something lighter than pasta or anything packed with cheese.
Try including a callback function in and executing it once the ajax is complete - then bind your events within that callback.
One clue is that the hashed passwords in the database is longer for the users created using the asp.net 4.0 version, e.g 3lwRden4e4Cm+cWVY/spa8oC3XGiKyQ2UWs5fxQ5l7g=, and the old .net 3.5 ones are all like +JQf1EcttK+3fZiFpbBANKVa92c=.
heres little code I remember this code change the combo box display member but if I change the comobox by clicking it the code on the textbox doesnt change, to its corresponding code...??
the hostess gave me a birthday card when she took us to our table.
Its good to know that it will not remove an item that is already there so it can't be depended on to update the existing value with new information if you are defining equals based on surrogate keys from your database.
But at least it is solution that works when you are willing to detail out the fields.
\n\nAs this is not MLB, the stadium is smaller and really easy to navigate through.
You walk in and they've got a nice selection of canned and bottled beverages - including beer.
If you have a phone with a dedicated PTT button, the manufacturer of the phone almost certainly has made an Intent available for app developers such as yourself to intercept PTT down and up events, but you'll need to contact the manufacturer for more information.
This will also mean that many of the method and property names may not be completely familiar to non-Monotouch developers, but I am just looking for an approach.
Uboot generally passes boot parameters like what type of hardware is present, what memory to use for something, or which type of mode to use for a specific driver.
Dompdf - Chroot cant find file in Directory When i try to load a HTML file which is in my storage Directory of my Laravel Project.
We only had dessert, so I can't comment on rest of the menu- but it all seems relatively well priced.
Nicholas also carries freshly baked biscotti in a variety of flavors as well as other eclectic baked goods.
I found a blue velvet 3/4 length coat and fell in love...but was crushed when I saw a stain the cleaner had missed (this is NOT typical of this shop's wares, and the owners seemed equally sad to have found it.) They offered to sell it at $40, down from $60, but I just couldn't take the chance of the stain not coming out.
For example,: [1, 2, 3].respond_to?(:push) would return true , since you can call .push on an array object.
But I'm also no expert on Italian food.
Your template could look something like this: Which should produce this table (n could be different from member to member of course)
Peppi's 2, Pep Boys 0.\n\nThis place has some of the best subs in Western PA, especially the delicious and appropriately named Roethlisburger, my favourite!
Great place to grab lunch on a beautiful day.\n\nI had the French Quarter Salad w/ grilled chicken and it was fantastic.
Definitely recommended if this is what you're looking for.
Assume, you are trying to create a new user, with a User model ( using soft deletes ) having a unique rule for it's email address, but there exists a trashed user within the database.
The wine we'd wanted to try wasn't in stock any longer, so we were given a perfectly chilled taste of the new pinot grigio they're carrying before making our decision.
if the pattern was written correctly.
In python 3, however, works since is a function.
However, I wanted to try somewhere new and we both wanted to try something budget friendly.
They serve Penn State Creamery ice cream which is rich and creamy.
Not my favorite tofu to date (Mandarin Gourmet downtown wins that) but definitely satisfied my craving.
Savannah Red is not just a cleaver name...it is red...really red.
They also offer a Chicken Cheese Steak, which is also difficult to find in most shops.
TickProfile contains the Tick bundle and Tock profile contains the Tock bundle.
However, I will definitely be plopping myself down at that classic bar again in the near future, and who knows, maybe Lot 17 will become my neighborhood go-to spot for grabbing a beer on a whim.\n\nThere was a new, shiny, fancy looking, electronic jukebox that I will definitely have to give a try next time!
This works : but this doesn't even though I have overridden equals and hashcode for the Keyword class like below, so only value is checked for equality : And hashcode : Does ravendb use a different equality check ?
Are you sure you aren't calling from twice?
I want to rotate element along the y-axis.
ERROR: java.lang.RuntimeException: Failed to execute start task.
Most people I've talked to tend to agree.
I have a list of datasets.
I've visited the restaurant several times, but mostly for lunch or brunch.
Krannert Art Museum is lucky to have a Director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought...and that's exactly what she does with the exhibitions I've seen there so far.
I would be happy about any comments Thank you Arne
Is it possible to achieve the same look and feel like the stock google apps?
I must say that's a pretty good deal.
I ordered a steak quesadilla and it was huge and awesome.
And the lady I ordered my pizza through was VERY friendly and upbeat.
$10 for an English muffin and a coffee?
Do you have the methods for it?
I followed that steps that pygorex1 posted but also replaced lines 191-195 in the file, because I was still getting another similar error about the .
So wanted to know how to make the a part of the as readonly.
Can any one say fire hazard?
There was a check in offer and some of the dealers booths have coupons.
What other libraries are you referencing?
\n\nIf you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine, amazing food and a pleasant atmosphere, Casbah is for you.
I was very impressed with the large selection of tea that included both loose and bagged options.
Keeping std::map balanced when using an object as key I am writing some code where I am storing lots of objects that I want to get back based on set criteria.
Which I got a message from the owner.
The food we were served was good and served as requested....they serve breakfast all day, which is really nice.
The egg rolls are just amazingly full of flavor (fried) with a fish style dipping sauce.
Sweet and sour isn't my favorite (My young sons, of course, love it) but I had to give this a try.
intellij idea screenshot: I just want to know how to config to make the library view look like eclipse, display all the depended jars rather than expanded package name.
I want to eventually use these row values, so if user selects multiple row and then I should get value for those checked.
This location only gets 4 stars from me though as it's smaller than the other one at Strawberry Hill.
The service is top-notch -- wait staff is highly attentive.
I am also trying to store these words in a new char array.
The following example would start the background switch every two seconds, and remove the previous background after 1 second.
That's different, but still adds up.
This is my second time coming and I still love it and especially the Buffalo chicken spread!
Our server was Donna, great server and she knew a lot about the beers.\n\nThe manager was walking around checking in on tables so I asked him for his suggestion from the menu.
This code of course spits that the language already exists in the database.
Came here to have dessert and coffee one evening after a big night of sushi and wine.
This is a very weird one...
The "More >" link after a news article teaser looks like this: 474 is the "singlePid" (this is what it calls in the database 24 is the "uid" of the news article (the ones you create with the tt_news plugin in the backend) My question is: Where is the "register:newsMoreLink" defined?
'next' will simply skip processing the rest of the script, and read the next line of input.
\n\n After graduating from U of I and leaving the area, I have yet to find a Chinese restaurant like it :/
I’m trying to create a extern pointer to the value of a static object from within that static object.
I think that could be a turnoff to some....
The breads remain excellent, as are the bakery items.\n\nI've bumped it up a star from the earlier review because the service has been stellar with our past few visits.
mmmmmmmmmm i just had a moment.\n\nthe salmon was cooked just right--where it flakes but it's still moist and it was seasoned perfectly.
Yesterday, I started the app and I could see the map displayed and was able to pan around and zoom in and out.
glPushClientAttrib(GL_CLIENT_VERTEX_ARRAY_BIT) saves all the client side states for all vertex array attributes.
The sidebar is hosted in an ElementHost control.
fprintf is not declared in this scope I'm trying to run this code in code blocks 12.11 and keep getting this error:fprintf is not declared in this scope I am unsure as to what to do.
the command is from When I send the request to the ocs server I get the following error: Does somebody know what could be the problem?
You probably want to install .NET Framework 4.5, which is an in-place, backwards-compatible version of the .NET 4.0 framework.
I downloaded and unpacked libqxt tip and ran configure.bat file using Qt for Desktop command line with -static -debug_and_release properties as administrator.
But if your performance is suffering from "thousands of paper cuts", you can use to offload a lot of the "housekeeping" onto the thread pool.
UPD A good real world example is the JDBC Database Statement Interface.
The decision of whether to override the method or use the event handler often times comes down to how much control you need to have over what happens during the execution of that method.
The coffee is just so-so but honestly who cares in this case.
My wife asked me where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner this year.
KSOAP2 complex request property not being seen I'm having a problem sending a complex SOAP request to a third-party company server (server can have no changes) from an android device.
here the script: Have tried several ways for the ##1, but always get the following error: We see from the error, that the problem occur when assigning the variable $CODIFICACAO As far as I've looked around there are 2 ways of assigning the STDOUT to a variable: 1- using backtick: or 2- using $(): Both of them will give the same error.
Updated Apr 24th, 2011: It seemed after I changed one line of code at I can see the first string.
So what is needed to pass the BasicDBObjectBuilder into a BasicDBObjectBuilder collection?
I need to perform different actions when different types are encountered and thought this would do it!
denote that the original object is modified.
should tell it to align its rightmost edge with your parent menus leftmost edge.
They tell me to take care of it and how.
For only wearing suits for a wedding they were a bit expensive but I would shop their more often if I had to wear a suit for work on a daily basis.
The burger was cooked perfectly and fresh!
R: How to count number of 1 and write to vector I have as signal-vector that looks like this: a &lt;- c(1,1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,1) I will count how often a 1 occurs in one raw and write that in to a vector b e.g.
\n\nI've usually stuck to the Baby Burgher Platter.
Finally, you can add a dialog box to your program that when they try to close it, warns them that the program needs to shut down properly.
However, this is a great down-to-earth place to while away some spare time.
Thanks all Dave NB: I'm doing this as I need to combine more 'AND's with 'OR's; rather than just because I like brackets.
If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would come often to try everything.\n\nThey also have Daiya cheese and vegan cheesecake always on their menu.
Man, I rarely give out 5 stars...check my history you'll see...well, I'm giving Mimosa 5 stars.
They have a bacon night here.
I found some older posts but they wont tell me what to do neither: and How to forecast data out of sample with the given information above?
They were being loud, a lot of cursing and shouting, many doors brig slammed.
Croquette Madame and the Croque Monsieur.
Not at Players - hand pattied in view of the customer.
It is a combination of old time tile and marble with seventies disco-bordello, dark, red lighting.
The reason behind is that each page inherits from the code-behind class.
There are many salons to choose from but not many that offer excellence.
Select in select query cakephp I have 2 table 1.
The grilled chicken breast on my salad was a bit more dry and hard than I like, but I am not a big fan of barbecuing chicken and it certainly seemed to have been charred that way.
I was a little nervous and I guess the guy at the desk could smell fresh meat, cause he asked me if it was my first time, and I cannot tell a lie, so I told him it was.
The Author in the corppost table is represented by "UserID".
owned it and Larry taught me to butcher, it warms my heart that this place is still in existence (I still have my Jay Rath designed butcher paper window sale signs from my last week working there).
See Rendering HTML in Reporting Services Text Boxes in SQL Server 2008 I've not tried it and may not apply to rdlc etc, so YMMV
That's more keys than most would ever need.
I want to use Linq to achieve this but my knowledge is somewhat lacking.
I was told these things would be ready and they were not.
Even better if you're prepared to stuff your faces with well-executed comfort food.
The repairs are done quickly and professionally.
You need to change the type of to F# Set, not List now.
I'm not sure what exactly to call this, but I've been able to reproduce my problem with two one-liners.
It exists in Bootstrap 3 source code and I can find it with Notepad++ but in Bootstrap 4s in folder it doesn't exist.
For my main course, I had a calamari dish with large beans.
They know what they're doing and they do it quickly.
If you want to have both and linking the mentioned OpenGL Qt 5.0 add-on module is an option you might be able to actually use a equivalent even in your QQuickView class: Where would be a QQuickView*.
It is a good idea to make an appointment even though they take drop-ins.
This loops through all items of an ASP combobox:
I don't know how to, or if it is possible to expand upon this to to select everything where 'genre=fps' and 'decade=90' - something like this: or Is the above possible?
\n\nIf you are an Italian fan and a bit tired of the chain restaurants such as Olive Garden and Carabba's, you should take a chance and check out Mama's.
Could it be something simple like this: where country_name is the parameter you are searching for and list is the list of objects returned by the native query?
This contained my username and password also, and when I run the query from Asterisk, it conencts and returns the correct result.
Great place for hiking - the trails are pretty clear and there are lots of them!
I had the lamb loin and it was perfectlh medium rare with delicious bitter greens.
Basically, in mathematics, there is a concept of " Lebesgue Measure ".
Could have done without the tangy relish, but overall is was a good chicken sandwich.
Here's my code: There will be a button to register new Phone types.
The rest you can figure out yourself.
I was pretty pleased with the food at Harper's.
I went there after an interview with Highmark.
Docker container get Host IP address How do I get the Host IP address within an Java application running inside a Docker?
Everything I could see was spotless and well maintained.
The site of where one of my profile pictures was taken.
But I don't know how to start it.
Server can decide to deliver your results in any order it thinks more performant.
Have a few laughs without a tv interrupting your dinner conversation.
Maybe your test code could be shorter than it is, and maybe not, but in any case you don't want test code to be "clever", and I would argue that after the first time of writing, you don't want to refactor test code to common things up unless absolutely necessary.
So are their bento boxes, I'll usually order their grilled mackerel.
I'm pretty sure the decor hasn't changed in the past 50 years, but that's part of what makes it awesome.\n\nThe cashiers and cooks are angry, and slightly scary looking, but not in a bad way (if that makes any sense whatsoever).
thats the reason for coupon!!\nI work uptown/downtown (what does that really mean..
I have seen the same people working here for a while now and they always make me feel so welcome.
Good thing I had the soup & calamari..
Your server have to redirect all the routes to to let Angular make its job.
A word of caution, bring a sturdy bag from home to carry your books.
The stuffed peppers with crab and goat cheese were tasty, but the plate was super hot and the peppers were cold, so that was a bit off.
Moved back to CU a couple years ago.
The sort function was copied from elsewhere as pseudocode (documentation is not mine).
Let's see: Write a PDF interpretor.
As the example below, you can design the rowkey and partitionkey, and assign whatever valid value you want, here lastname for Partitionkey and firstname for rowkey: } It’s better to think about both properties and your partitioning strategy.
Pretty good happy hour specials as well!
Overall it is better than your typical Hampton with some great little touches.
Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups.
A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping.
This is the best Max and Erma's I've been to in PIttsburgh.
The people working were really nice and our food was good but could have been more evenly distributed, one side of the sandwich was really loaded with everything then the other side was just bread?
The staff - especially Nathan Hoffman - were amazing to work with.
I also faced same problem, but when I added a space into the empty div, it started positioning properly.
You might also want to look at , which covers split buffers (and other possibilities) in much greater depth.
Love the East End Food Co op .
Try for the C level API which describes these flags, as is really a very thin wrapper around that.
it was very filling and all the vegetables blended well.
So often people who do \"" Small jobs\"" are forgotten so they don't work hard.
Great live acts on a regular basis.
Can't make it into their store?
Well, my Shish Tauok was plump with heavily marinated, tender chicken slices, tomatoes, tahina, and lettuce.
On the other hand, I've never had a bad experience either.
Not sure what to look for.
Given a Filter Coefficients (You have an approximation of the Laplacian filter) the way to apply it on an image is Convolution (Assuming the Filter is LSI - Linear Spatially Invariant).
The price is right and great bluegil and perch.
I want to start and learn coding to create a web application.
My $11 tempura udon by itself would have left me wanting.
Can we say \""pain in the neck\""?
What I want is to have that button next to a field I already have in vtiger CRM, the problem is is that with vtiger you can't simply just add some PHP, almost everything goes via the database.
Server Side Paging in Kendo Grid?
Are you using the SQL Server Management Studio?
On the link that you gave the joins are explained very good.
In my app a search request is issued after a bind because of a custom LdapAuthoritiesPopulator granting access only to users with particular roles.
If so, you may be able to create an action that would cut down on your time.
I came here for dinner with some friends the other night and it was pretty fun.
I hardly know anything about DLL files.
I called in my order and it was done by the time I got there about 10 minutes later.
I will actually come here over Starbucks when I'm in hurry because Zoma is always quicker.\n\nI'm giving five stars even though I have had one problem with a drink I ordered not being hot enough, not even close to the temperature of the times that I ordered the drink before.
There were 3 types of bratwurst on the plate along with a healthy portion of sauerkraut.
I started off with smoked salmon and had the waitress recommended braised lamb and eggs as an entree and a mimosa to drink.
After trying it on, they advised me to just get a hook on the back above the zipper rather than taking it in the 1/2\"" because it was a one time wear and it would be very expensive to do so.
Swift3 version: Also, NSDataAsset is surprisingly located in UIKit/AppKit so don't forget to import the relevant framework in your code:
I know you're supposed to save information until a connection is made, but without a playerID, I can't save it tagged for a specific player like you would do during a simple failure to send a score.
And no, I did not have an appointment.
Since they get so slammed, the servers are pretty competent at handling overwhelm.
Performance with WPF Combo Box inside a ListView I was wondering if I was missing something obvious.
\n\nIt's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility.
Sorry if I didn't explain this very well.
The room my folks stayed in was $73 a night, and it had a separate \""living room\"" area as well as a balcony, mini-fridge, and microwave.
Before being able to make any move, client code should call a method on the server that checks if it's the turn of the user and that waits for the changing player event if wasn't it's turn.
I read here that jQuery 1.7 removed this issue.
but when I tested on Samsung Galaxy S4, and Samsung Galaxy S3..
For a perfect effect you will need to do 2 things.
He explains everything and the reasons for it; never have I felt in the dark about what was going on.
That's a little inflexible, because it's then in code, but I could make it work.
good place if your in Madison
This should work for the postLogin validation rules.
Deserializing a Spark Dstream I am trying to apply Drools Engine (Drools Fusion) over streaming data using Spark Streaming.
However when I pull it into my app and create my array I turn it into an String and the sort will obviously be off, 18.15 will come before 2.15.
Now that's something you're not going to get a Dunkin Doughnuts.
The fact that it is hidden changes nothing.
Why java doesn't allow to make an instance method of parent class as more restrictive in child class Polymorphism allows the programmer either to inherit, override or to overload an instance method of Parent Class.
exists for precisely this kind of work:
We loved all the old pics on the wall and the original \""Restaurant\"" neon sign hanging from the original diner that was once there.\n\nOh and Shannon gave us excellent service!
OleDbCommand and Unicode Char I have an application that run a lot of query using OleDbCommand.
My one small complaint was that the chair was well-used and maybe not the most comfortable, but the massage feature worked just fine!
My family and I have been going to the Open Kitchen for years now.
I'm there so often that it would cost me a lot of money to have a go-to shopping destination every time I travel.
Or is it just not worth worrying about stuff like this because it's &lt;1% likely to ever happen?
This is a great place to have brunch or dessert- they also have sweet crepes (Nutella and banana is my favorite)- so be sure to check it out.
We order an Italian table wine style Pinot Noir.
McKinley health center (I wish I knew about this when I was a student here)\nFree supplies\nTwice Per Semester\n Cold pack\n Pregnancy test\n Yeast infection kit\n Wound pack\nEvery Two Weeks\n Condom pack\n Lubricant or spermicidal gel\n Latex barriers\n6.
\n\nOverall, we had a really positive experience and we'll be back!
Andy's Special for the day: Tuna & Kiwi or Salmon & Avocado FAT Rolls.
But I am unable to deserialize a variable of type JavaDStreamto fire rules over it.
If I could design the perfect all-around restaurant, this would be it!
So, I went ahead and let them order the part, they fixed it perfectly, tested the alignment, found out the alignment was off and then told me because I drive a Cadillac, they don't have the proper tool to perform the alignment there and that I should take it to a Cadillac or GM dealership.
Living in South Side almost ruined my love of sports bars -- all I want is a place to watch a game and enjoy some fried food and drinks, without sloppy drunk girls spilling beers on me.
My husband ordered the General Tsao Chicken and he was pretty pleased with what he had.
People talk to each other and have a good time.
and &amp; represent key value pairs that make up the Query String, which is a set of information sent to the server.
The Pineville Ice House, as it is better known, is great fun with the kids, a group, family, for a birthday party and most other stuff you think of doing at your standard roller-rink except the kicker is that it's on ice!\n\nI've made it here a number of times including once with a big group for a [dangerous] game called broom ball.
The host is set correctly, because if I do: when using the following in I can see the host is correctly set as www.site3.com Any ideas anyone?
I am extremely new to objective-c, where am I going wrong?
Instead of \""getting a room\"", maybe they should have \""stayed at home\"".
We have to wait for admob to update the sdk.
I had to dip a fork into the candied yams and should note that the only disappointment there was that I ate them all so quickly there was no more.
Besides tasting better than the stuff from the regular store, it is outrageously cheap--$1 for 3 pieces (3 pieces = about 1 & 1/2 blocks of packaged tofu) They have a great section of Asian-style noodles, snacks, and sauces, with the brand variety you will never get at a typical grocery store.
But you haven't created a reference yet.
I was initially pleased by the private parking lot as parking can be an issue in that area.
In Subclipse, it's Team -> Add.
The newly remodeled Metcalfe's are a real treat to visit.
I'm reviewing Olive Or Twist strictly as a weekday lunch person.
What I am currently doing is selecting at random, a Card_ID from the third table, then searching through all 7 tables with that Card_ID and selecting all record made by that particular Card_ID.
Nothing impresses me more than a dern good margarita, I don't care if it comes in a tall glass.\n\nThe bar itself (I don't think we're in AVA anymore, Toto...) can get mildly confusing if you don't bother to learn the layout until you're three margaritas deep, so let me advise you in advance: AVA is the part that is glowing green, and feels like a cozy, well, lounge...Shadow Lounge is the rest.
\nBoth dishes were delicious and the amazing pure ricotta cannoli for dessert, excellent!!!
This XML file is then provided to the instance, which creates a container with these beans and their object graphs along with relationship .the spring container is simply a holder if the bean instances that where create from the XML file.
Can anyone think of clever way to regex or otherwise analyze these strings such that "a lot" of the URLS are properly captured--80%?
\n\nTodd, his wife and the rest of his staff have been our go to for anything automotive while we have lived here.
based on this it seems there is no way to declare an implicit parameter to a function converting a value from a known type to an unknown (generic) type.
I seems that anyhow the stable parts of the video stream are not decoded.
I have defined a trigger on Table A that updates Table B when a row is inserted into Table A.
This is a really nice \""diner\"" with nice decor and a very friendly atmosphere.
Regarding Good CSS forum i am looking for good css forum where i can post question an get answer very quickly like please provide me few url related with css forum.
Even if I didn't find out exact website address but just the name, would be fine.
By the time we did that, our table was ready.
I have never eaten at the Green Lantern, but whatever.
\nIt is a busy place for good reason.
Always great to sit outside as well.
Also does Spring have any default support for encoding URL ?
The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size.
We also ordered the lychee curry, which I thought was ok, but nothing too spectacular.
There is also a furniture store next store which they need to show you into because it is often locked.\n\nGood place for cheap stuff.
You can always animate the property yourself and use option.
Just keep your grubby little paws off of it if you want it to stick around...
The outside area was very pleasant.
My problem is that I end up creating a loop: User clicks link and my app opens.
They host good music concerts, and David Sedaris has appeared.
I have this problem and I can not seem to find an answer to it.
With good reason, too: this place is pretty rad, to use the parlance of a youngster.\n\nIndeed, this place isn't just for young fellas.
If you're plan on transferring I would suggest meeting with a program advisor from both CPCC and the school you're transferring to so there's no confusion on what classes you need.
Theres a small grocery store on the corner, & i hated walking by it bc people would hang out outside.
It's also discouraged to extend directly from a top level container like and instead should start with a and the add it to an instance of (or what ever container you like)
Be sure to try the \""lasagna of the day\"".
Our waiter (I think his name was Matt) was extremely sweet and helpful in fact we actually got to the restaurant before they opened and they still sat us!
Game Center is just a complete mess of edge cases.
And I heart the Girl Scout Thin Mint Blizzard.
A few important differences: partially reversible ( ) vs irreversible ( ) - since hashing is not reversible you cannot restore original input from a hash vector.
I didn't like the amount of fat on the meat.
Whether it's random cooks tools like a 4\"" wide vegetable peeler (highly recommended), a Microplane grater or splurging on a new Shun knife, Williams-Sonoma always seems to have what I want with people there who know what they're talking about.
Can there ever be a "silver bullet" for software development?
So if you have 100 Mb file that will end up to be 133 Mb in .
Large portions, fantastic steamed (and fried) dumplings, great combo selections all around a solid take-out place.
This will return an array of elements matching the tagname supplied.
I also liked that the employees were not chatting across the room to each other in a foreign language.
Each time I've genuinely felt as if they've provided us the best possible service and genuinely care about our satisfaction as customers.\n\nThe only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because recently I went in for an alignment and they pointed out a repair that I needed and that they wouldn't be able to check the alignment until I got this repair.
Very few people name the places depending on how the place is going to look like from the City's perspective.Confused??\nI bet half of Pittsburgh students didn't notice this amazing vegan place,it is like a quiet storm ;just there but not really.Now i am confused!!
It was the best fish sandwich I can recall ever having eaten, and I could hardly stop myself from wolfing it down, bite after intoxicating bite.
Since I'd been wanting to try this flavor, I asked her if I could have a sip and she obliged.
\n\nThey also have food, but I cannot speak for that.
The first is that you have to transfer about 40 bytes of overhead every time you want to talk to the peer.
This library includes an class that integrates with java.time.
We soon discovered that even if you can see where you need to get to...you still don't know how to get there.
\n\nGreat old time feel here with a wonderful ornate tile ceiling, brick walls, and a beautiful old bar.
I thought the pastrami sandwich was the stuff of legend, and just thinking about it has me kind of craving one again, even after lunch.
you can also use this query for test: sample
Be prepared to spend about $30 a person for the full experience and I'll remember this meal for a while.
My only suggestions for them would be to (1) create a more relaxed seating area indoors other than basic tables and (2) switch to something besides the environment unfriendly styrofoam cups.
It's not the most convenient place to get to unless you know exactly where you're going.
Here's a working example with fluid rows When using fluid rows, note that spans of the nested columns add to 12 and the HTML is If you don't have fluid rows, the spans of the nested columns add up to the width of the parent, eg Here's a working example of with non-fluid rows: Good luck!
For example, someone may create an Interface called .
My PrincipalPermission attribute generates an exception (good) but does not redirect users back to the logon page (bad).
It'd make the vibe a little more comfortable!
A great place all around whether you are looking to donate or buy something.
and that isn't even the complete list!\n\nThe staff there is extremely knowledgeable, nice, and helpful.
But for a Charleston trip where the airfare was off the charts ($850 for a 40 minute flight??), I opted to put the miles on someone else's car instead of my own.\n\nAfter I parked my car and took one of the parking shuttles back to the terminal, I waited a brief time for a National shuttle to come by (Hertz was by twice in the meanwhile) before I boarded the bus for the brief ride to the rental area.
Set an or event on your textarea, the latter is better because it fires before the new line is added to the textarea
Food seems decent overall and portions are priced well.
I'm modifying the class.crud.php file to include this line removing replacing with INDEX.PHP CLASS.CRUD.PHP EDIT-DATA.PHP
Check your main method: the parenthesis is missing.
The Visualite features many interesting bands, and I think that they even have church on Sunday!
So, it became a dinner and a show.
The naan is great too.\n\nThe staff James good.
When I attempt to make the source code for the MySQL connector, I get the following error: It tells me that the library is missing, eventhough it is present in /usr/lib?
I wouldn't recommend any other versions.
Now usually when you browse a page in IIS something like below gets logged However you wont see this immediately in log file as IIS buffers that in memory and flushes it later.
At least that what I can see by this limited code sample.
The following How To from the Xamarin.iOS guide site has a few pointers to where to store your files:
Janine went ahead and cut my hair beautifully and I would definitely go back to Janine for another hair cut.\n\nThe senior stylist that squeezed me in for my color was awful.
SPP is a lot of fun but never lasts long at any one stop in Madison (first played it at the Plaza this past summer) because it always has mechanical issues going on.
But still, it is nice enough to check out.
Now, can I process the request in NodeJS and then give a PHP file as a response (after processing on server side) instead of .html file An outline of what I mean is: Client Request-> NodeJS server->NodeJS script->PHP server->PHP script->Client Response Its like stacking of 2 servers.
When I call opencv_createsamples I noticed the author of guide generate 1500 samples and also I do it.
Setting Android TimePicker In XML Is it possible to set TimePicker hours mode to 24-hours-mode in XML file?
I made some kind of extra validation within my Controllers, but wouldn't it be nice to have it all within the Model?
If it has, it hasn't been often enough or much of a hassle.\n\nI used to go to Jimmy John's all the time and thought of Milio's as the lesser version.
So I write my CSS, and on save, that code is used on the webpage.
Around 30 beers on draft, but mostly the usual beers; only a few micros.\n\nThe actual menus themselves need updating; they're something you'd see in a crappy diner....photocopies stuffed into clear plastic film.
The FC figures out what page you want, loads the specific page Controller (*EDIT* which extends an abstract Controller Object */EDIT*), which gets anything it needs from Models, and then calls the appropriate View.
Every time I've had the pleasure of visiting, the staff has been funny and super friendly.
I think this creates the best separation of logic.
the first point, plus a multiple of the vector between them.
But my parents were in town and wanted to stop in for dinner so I figured...why not?!?\n\nWe started with the Moscato, what I love about the wine here is that they always let you sample prior to ordering a glass and now they offer a glass and a half...whoooo hoooo!
There was some SERIOUS bacon on my sammich!
I have this little snippet of code with IDirectDraw::GetCaps returning (a.k.a.
But you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!
This might be desirable if, for example, the application were calculating its own checksum separately.
The shell refers to them as $1 to ${42} (if you gave that many).
We were able to get in and out quickly.
I was skeptical about feta and fontina on my pizza.
Let's suppose that you have a with 4 rows and 3 columns and you want to add buttons to it automatically from top to bottom and from left to right.
I surprised my wife a couple months ago with a round trip adventure from Charlotte to NYC on the Amtrak.
Hamburger was thick and juicy cooked perfectly.
If I define the method outside of the class body (like in the code you see), I get the compiler warning...
This was the simplest approach, where if when contained NULL the select query replaced it with the current unix time.
Join two tables and add the data with the same column id I am using Laravel 4.2 I have two tables "questions" and "votes" In my questions table I have columns like , , , .
The quality here is much better.
List of Natural Language Processing Tools in Regards to Sentiment Analysis - Which one do you recommend first up sorry for my not so perfect English...
Surprising a decent beer selection as well.
I haven't had the food here, but I plan to visit it soon.
\n\nI also had an in-room jacuzzi and so I was relaxed and didn't even care!\n\nForgot a piece of jewelry.
Exemple of incorrect output : What I did based on the documentation (but does not work) : Full code on JS Fiddle :
Please help me out for this.
When you use or your input datatypes must be SQLCHAR.
json not loading in iphone device while using sencha touch and phonegap I'm trying to load a json into my view.
The basil was a nice touch and fresh.
You might be confusing this with namespaces, which in the same sense as other languages like C++, Java, etc.
We had someone go early and put in our names for a group of 10.\n\nWhen we finally got seated, our waitress was very nice and understanding since it is sometimes hard to order with the traditional German vernacular - Lots of pointing and the waitress finishing our sentences were involved.
been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!
I liked the flavor of the Cashew Chicken, but it didn't really stand out for me compared to the same dish at other restaurants.
(I used addthis, it's super slow.
If you can't use CPAN then you can call fork() and exec() yourself and just not wait for the child process to finish.
Now these guys take coffee drinking to a whole new level!
Here is my code for my touches functions:
They lived lavishly, and Frick was an avid art collector.
\n\nI usually get the regular size, but this time went for the big, along with the spicy chicken in green chile sauce.
We ate governors chicken, governors beef, sweet and sour chicken, peppered beef and beef chow fun.
I would just use LINQ to XML in the simplest possible way: I'd expect that to be pretty quick already - but you should work out what your exact performance requirements are, then test them.
I would like to be able to get a CartItem instance from params[:id] in the remove_from_cart.
I went here as a kid every time my family visited Charlotte.
My friend who has a gluten allergy was delighted to learn that they offer gluten free bread and said his hash was delicious.
I am using Qtopia-Core-4.3.3 on Linux Machine.
Complimentary managers happy hour (two free drinks per person).
If ur on a diet this is a great to stop for fast food ..yummmyyy lunch stop
Grilled grape salad was simple but impressive, surrounded by a white balsamic reduction so subtle that it was almost honey.
The canvas doesn't actually "store" the text, it's just a grid of pixels.
I've got my name up on the wall which is very cool but I've got so many great memories of sitting around having beers with friends.
ANDi wanted to save room for a dessert.\n\nOMG.
This is the first thing I'd try: Wait until it doesn't say "Getting" anywhere anymore before doing anything documentation related.
Nothnagel for 4 years, and have been consistently impressed with the level of care she receives.
I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced, and the other members of our party enjoyed their entrees, as well.
and I see this place as the single best way to educate John Q.
Some semi-sweet white wine went well with the flavorful light Thai food.
Mama Ros's (sic) is a great place to eat late at night or early in the morn.
You can currently find Hype or Pixelmator on the Mac App Store.
so if a ticket was created, then a note added, then another note added, then a ticket they will display in datetime order using the above code however it is not displaying it correctly
Any class that is Comparable can be used with it.
How to get Specific Contact Number by using Contact Id Here my Contact names are Displayed on List View .
\n\nI've had nothing but positive experiences in dealing with the people at Douglas.
The car i purchased had numerous issues and financially i was in a bind.
I want to say it also had amaretto sauce but im not sure.
We thought they might have some sort of coffee.
Seems like you are using an image from a URL that has not set correct Access-Control-Allow-Origin header and hence the issue..
Futher more, If you find a bug to setup this value, I do not, based on my experiance, really recommend to use something exapt default behavour.
\n\nFrom what I've seen, in all but the rarest circumstances, they are usually out within a day or so, which is great for me, and the work they do is top-notch.
Using slows down the automation speed like hell.
Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet.
Every day I will be receiving a dataset with all the data from the start of the project until the previous day (e.g.
In that case there's no way I know to get all Apps that are allowed to use GPS in background.
I didn't want to eat any of the other chain garbage that all the other tourists were eating near the hotel.
A preferred solution would be for the Main to import the variables, pass them to def1, if def1 failed and Main was not set up to catch the exception the following call to def2 would be cleanly stopped (without killing the process or displaying a fail), no idea how to do that, or if the Main was catching exceptions it could stop the call to def2, load in another set of variables and try def1 again.
I believe that Modelsim has change the default value of the log parameter of the assertions on the new versions.
They really want you to have a good meal and they take care of the details.
I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here.
Oh and by the way, there is an answer where a process is spawned to do net use.
\n\nI was in pretty bad shape for about a month, suffering really.
The important thing about modifiers is that the alter the reference, not the object referenced.
The neuron output Y, is the result of applying the activation function to the weighted sum of the inputs , less the threshold .
Is there any way to analyze app-crash minidumps (e.g.
How do I write a parser in C or Objective-C without a parser generator?
If you are not sure it will be available a runtime, you might use as it is clearer as to which exceptions will be thrown.
I think I prefer the sweet ones.
The and parameters are the default parameters used to build s and s (respectively), then used to build an which essentially contains the SSL/TLS settings to use when making an SSL/TLS connection via an or an .
The biscuits are light, fluffy and buttery.
Your projects will remain compatible with future Flash Player versions.
A script can read stdin with, well, the command.
Quick File Navigation : Ctrl +Alt +F brings up F# interactive Selection Increase and Selection Reduce doesn't work: generate a beep Declare: ctrl +` has no effect.
One of the best spots in all of Charlotte.
Although this isn't a 4 star hotel, it's a place to sleep.
Version of angular used is 1.4.3 Version of angular-animate used is 1.4.3 I debugged ngAnimate and: function areAnimationsAllowed always returns false because rootElementDetected is always false because $rootElement is : &lt;!-- uiView: --&gt; instead of &lt;div ng-app="myApp" ui-view class="ng-scope"&gt; Is that a known issue?
And also if the returned object is indeed different from the original, do we have to worry about releasing the memory associated with the original object ?
I would definitely recommend it to others!
Let me know if you would like to see the code for studio launching.
It a business lunch and I usually don't note things like the building and decor, but in this case it was unavoidable.
We use it mostly for keeping our development SQL Server 2005 databases in line with each other.
It's a nightmare to write, a nightmare to debug, and a nightmare to maintain - and it will makes things difficult on the next guy.
This has lead some code conventions to enforce that pointers be used instead, for example instead of Personally, I hate using pointers because of the need to check for null.
do you need the events to be consumed chronologically; merged; or any special requirement.
I m looking a way to detect if my mesh meet the limit of the canvas.
This isn't an error from Django; it's from the Python module you have installed.
In fact, they seemed to go out of their way to do things like open doors for guests and help guests carry bags to their cars.
I'll now have to customize it as I'm not using the message resource bundles.
Our 2 year old daughter was with us as well.
I was alone in the restaurant, and the server treated me incredibly well with conversation, tastings and suggestions.
When i select a of , i want to check if the exists in .
If I can get help to bypass this error please.
python can't find file it just made My program cannot find the path that it just made, the program is for sorting files in the download folder.
One cup of risotto for $20+?
To change the padding and color you can do this.
where should I add my pyqtgrapgh code in tab widget code.
Android Device Monitor's View Hierarchy dump different than appears on device?
I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well.
For one, I have still not seen daikon rolls on a menu in Ohio, and they are one of my favorites.
In your code is called a string literal .
The problem is that when I call these cell methods in the ExpandedViewController, the code goes into the method, but it won't change the properties behaviour.
While I haven't tried many of them, the chef's specials seem to be very original to the restaurant.
It is how you arrive at your package structure.
My dog is an escape artist and does use his teeth to get out of the kennel, the staff figured out a creative way to keep him in and now his teeth aren't silver.
Magento is returning “200 OK” status instead of “404 not found” I have installed Magento 1.7.0.2.
You can put the keys and values in a , or use directly.
Here is the def: The error is: Here is the value of the variable: If removing (:test)', then the same error points to next: What is missing in the eval?
Another potential problem is where your databinding is happening - I don't see a DataSource in your code-in-front, so I guess you're databinding in the code-behind.
CQRS where to put domain / business logic I am developing framework for MVC application.
I couldn't tell you why, but that works every time.
Original code from lines 191-195: Here is the code I created to replace lines 191-195: FYI - I am NOT a PHP programmer.
You can get the same salad mix at TJ's for 1.99, 2.99 if you want organic.
I have walked past this store on so many occasions, but never thought to actually walk in here until today.
If you are seeking to find out whether a type is a Foo(Of T) because you're interested in using some property which does not depend upon T, I would suggest that you should make that property available in either a non-generic base class or a non-generic interface.
They also have a fitness center which we did not try.\n\nThe locker rooms are pretty decent for a public pool.
Yash, have you made sure that your Tomcat installation is working properly?
I love this place and have since I was a kid, hope I'm not dating my self here....lol.
import xml.etree.ElementTree as ET On OP input gives.
If anyone sees the problem, I would much appreciate the help.
It's a chatterbox of ancient heritage and white-hot with flickering, inconsistent lights that make you want to trim your mustache pencil thin and drink only from a snifter.
Makes very little sense, but at the same time is sort of understandable on such a crazy eve, but the reservation should've counted for something.
This is a really great (including tropical cocktails and non-alcohol) Caribbean sandwich, burger and appetizer place.
I have had disappointing seared tunas (over done) and on a recent visit, my \""medium rare\"" fillet would probably be considered \""very rare\"" by most restaurants in Pittsburgh.\n\nThe dessert is overpriced, but I have a special soft spot for the perennial chocolate maki.
I'm just copying my model object to another object.
However this is not the case when I do exactly the same SQL within a transaction into mySQL.
GOLD/RED/ABC,RED_GOLDGREEN, may be after get all data , then make func ranking by match % ,like search engine
I am attempting to convert a bit of code I wrote for SQL Server connections to work with an Odbc data source.
Dynamic INSERT Statement in Python I am working on updating some Python code I have been working with and was looking for some advice on the best way to deal with an idea I am working with.
But its the food that draws me back over and over and over again.
I admittedly never get too excited about pizza, and this was good, but nothing that I was dreaming about later that night.
So if you are not insured, still do not hesitate to schedule with this Dr.
I will bite you.\n\nThere was so much I wanted.
It is a great bar for business people visiting to relax and enjoy a nice cocktail and cigar.
One was filled with chocolate buttercream and drizzled with a chocolate glaze.
The library fundraiser on Father's Day was a hit with the kids.
That is, assuming there is a single process responsible for starting all the other processes, that single process would decide which port should be used by the process it is about the start.
\nService here is always on point, even when they're busy.
Taste China (as their sign says) is our stand-by for Chinese.
I'll apreciate if someone clarifies this a bit for me, I'm just starting to develop Paypal related stuff.
Nobody even looked twice!\n\nI have not been through the butterfly exhibit because the gardens are good enough for me.
I honestly dread getting haircuts, because it always seems like such a crapshoot.
Go earlier in the week, if your like me you hate waiting but Ruth's is probably the exception if you dont have a resavation.
You question is a bit unclear, but I think this will point you in a productive direction.
Baoding has it's own look, and the music is not some kind of bad kung-fu movie sound track, they play a variety of normal choices.\n\nWhen I want Chinese, this is the place for me.
I have eaten here a dozen or so times in the past decade, and have always had a very good experience, so am baffled by the negativity.
Don't think of it as evaluating a String.
Run like: Contents of : Results: Alternatively, here's the one-liner: Explanation: Change awk's field separator to a either a space, equals, colon or comma.
\n\nI know folks have mentioned the parking; I have not had an issue.
And I'm a guy who's had a few biscuits in his day, so trust.
How to get Media controls in Webview in android?
In addition, my icons are all in the www/res/drawable folders with the correct sizes each png should be.
SQL Server 2008 R2: trigger after update This is my first post so please bear with me.
\n\nLove their iced coffee and iced tea of the day, especially the acai green tea.
We ordered the pasta Trio and the creativity behind the dishes was very impressive.
Declarative programming A computer language that does not require writing traditional programming logic; Users concentrate on defining the input and output rather than the program steps required in a procedural programming language such as C++ or Java.
This object is read-only and available in API version 20 and later.
Nearly all of the examples I have seen use plugin.xml to add the menu contributions instead of doing it programatically.
I think you have alot of boiler plate code you don't need.
There isn't any particular UserAgent values necessary, unless the site your accessing requires one.
Here's the code: mDbHelper is simply a a helper for using SQLiteDatabase.
You created a service account but it looks like you're trying to access it using a client flow.
It is small as some people have claimed, but it's a great place to exchange books and find new things.
It's going to be hard to avoid cooking my eggs like that from now on!
is not found when you try to assign , so it is
try this (-1D to get 27 of next month otherwise it would be same of today date):
I created a which starts my lockscreen activity, but the activity does not show again once I turn off and then turn on my screen.
Also, I am open to suggestions of better implementing automatic launch of the receiver application from a service/activity.
Upon pressing the button to save the data, the activity resets(reloads?) and I have to put the data in a second time, when pressing the button will then take me back to the first activity like it should.
What you should try instead is printing to the log.
Not sure how true those stories were, but hey, he was an old man, and I was fresh out of college.
But this works only when constants.cfg and ConfigManager.py are in same directory
I've done something similar (background colors instead of images) as a teaser for an upcoming project of mine, you can check it out here .
The only possible problem is parking - it seems that could be a bit of an issue if there is a lot going on at the time of your event.
not much by internet's standards) and this will change with time, or is it something I'm able to change somehow?
Here's a piece of code from the function Perl_do_openn in file doio.c: if you open an existing filehandle, the filehandle will be closed and reopened by open(), This doesn't happen with STD* handles, as you can see from the code above.
If I could find anything wrong with Luna it is, as others mentioned, the service.
I also vote for the second version based on this link (which is Oracle 10.2, but I think it still applies to 9.2 as well).
Then, in both loops, you write the URL string to the file, not the actual image.
If you're trying to avoid C++/CLI, automatic conversion really won't make sense.
How to disable function executing in bind method?
I am trying to use the same font as my terminal (or similar).
\nIt's half the price of Roosters up the street and you will not leave hungry.
I suppose 'above' would mean if a point is outside the circle and .
I believe this happens every Wednesday, so definitely check it out!
We had cold water on our table in under 30 seconds of seating, were given just the right amount of time to look at the menu, and received our appetizer within 10 minutes of seating.
Funny that I ended up at Pho Minh for the second time because Trams had kitchen violations and was shut down.
But it definitely can be appropriately used for this.
We were seated right away, and we all admired the gorgeous dining room space.
The owners are nice and so are those they have working with them.
When trying to think of where to go for a steak dinner The Greentree Inn came to mind.
Should the page get deleted in the future, here's the code on Pastebin.
This is probably the best JCPenney in Madison.
Perfect dinner for two: samosas, ginger naan, bainghan bartha (mashed grilled eggplant mmm), and mango chicken curry.
In the mean time, though, five stars for sure!
First, I don't think that setting and/or will have the effect that you desire.
I used this simple html style of doing it.
It's very non-spicy, non-original food, but it's fresh and good tasting.
I'd also like to try some entrees but we were there just for sushi.\n\nWill definitely go again.
The Natural History Museum is very impressive and it's cool knowing that all the specimens belong to the museum and they aren't on loan from some hoity-toity New York museum.
We shared a dessert Crepes dish called Crepes Suzette made with oranges, orange liquor, and homemade whipped cream (oh my goodness...there's something about places that whip their own cream...).
Until then, this should work for you.
I am from Houston, since I came here I've been searching for the perfect bowl of pho.
There is no real alternativ to DirectShow for capturing on a Windows PC.
I tried something like this , using ASP.net connection model (the other one, WSS model, throws logically an error because I'm not implementing the good interfaces).
My only complaint involved the background music.
Maybe it has to do with the friendly atmosphere (seems to be a family run place), and the divey feel.
I love eating in the bar, because it is so posh and yet kick back at the same time.
Screenrecord causing phone framerate to drop I have a nexus running Lollipop and I tried to use the new options available to screenrecord, I used And the framerate went for a toss, the device became really sluggish, but If I use the default mp4 format it's actually faster.
They just renovated the bar area - I actually liked it before and I like the renovation - it's ...softer I guess - squishy couches vs.
Plan to be there 2 hours (includes waiting time).
The steak was cooked to perfection and was extremely tender.
An amazing deal at 10 bucks (plus a few for tip).
Try uninstalling all NuGet packages, delete the NuGet folder than installing all NuGet packages again and check that the folder is only using the same version of ServiceStack for all its NuGet packages.
The staff at the National Car Rental Charlotte International Airport location are friendly and helpful, particularly the shuttle drivers.
The apps, on the other hand, are truly first rate.\n- eat as much of their bread as your stomach will let you.
Go to or just press .
I hardly got any sleep at night from the loud clinking plumbing sound from the next door usage of the bathroom.
Accessing an object outside of its lifetime is undefined behavior in C.
I had their duck wrap and sliders one time.
Other than that though, they're doing a great job and we enjoy visiting often.
One advantage of XML is you can use JAXB to marshal and unmarshal objects.
I am losing my mind here, any help is GREATLY appreciated.
\n\nPlease please please bring it back!!
I need to use MASM or emu8086 as assembler/simulator.
I tried to write a new spring config file (mongo-config.xml) while solely defines mongodb related beans.
This can be done by subclassing the abstract class.
Our corn-dogs were the perfect combination of golden batter and awesome dog, and the burger and regular dogs were gone before I could ask the others how they were :) The ketchup on the table was a little low, but I think we were there just after the lunch rush, so that was understandable.\n\nBy the time I was ready for a refill on my diet coke before heading out, there was a small line at the register.
The patrons here are more of the youngish (under 40) Mt.
How to set all picker tooltips and option at once?
The pork dumplings and the the vinegar sauce...
Adding to the d\u00e9cor are the statewide accolades all around the walls.
I'm assuming they're the owner's dogs.
Mixed with the rice and peas and veggies it was absolutely delicious!!!
It was not only the best gnocchi we'd ever had, it was one of the best Italian-style dishes I'd ever eaten.\n\nFor dessert we ordered the Semi-freddo.
But I have had an occasional dud.\n\nThe prices here are a little high, expect to spend over $12 a person minimum.
I want the user to be able to click 'submit' only once -- and disable the 'submit' button until Ajax has returned a JSON string on success.
Add a friendly bulldog and it can't be beat.\n\nAll in all, I have to thank Yelp for absolutely pointing me in the right direction!
is a value type object which mean that you cannot set it's value to .
At the moment I just have allot of lines like this; Would prefer it to look more like this..
They could have been a little more crispy, but that is just how I like them.\n\nNow my grandma's sandwich was good, but it were the homemade chips that had me in love.
Go there for the meats and deli items, buy your other items elsewhere.
This place has always been a favorite of mine.
\n\nI'll see you soon Cains, and will be working my way through your extensive draft list and food menu on the reg!
The only caveat is sometimes some additional unwanted markup is added around your content.
\n\nI will always return whenever in Downtown.
The disadvantage is that it would be harder to send patches for canonical (third-party) version of LibraryB You can continue using 'subtree' merge, but not from the canonical version of LibraryB, but from your own clone (fork) of this library.
Read up on box-sizing, I always use border-box when I build my sites, this way there is no surprises when it comes to sizes of the elements when I add padding or border.
My favorite is the chocolate chip banana pancakes.
Reading your comments, i see that it is not a ZF2 error, and probably not even a third party module, so it could be an ElFinder Error.
My favorite was the Thanksgiving dog back in November, with corn, mashed potatoes, cranberry, and stuffing.
The function for the content management page looks like this: So if this is called, I create a new instance of ContentManagement model.
is available for the tomcat6 mojo.
\n\nWe came here on Saturday evening, since we were in the University area.
How memory is management is done with previously allocated rootViewController?
The messages to Redis pub/sub are sent by a second resource (POST).
Telegram bot api get updates function takes last update id as offest parameter.
Nice, extensive flavor offerings and quaint feel to it, but definitely overpriced.
Nice old school place with the original barber chairs (reupholstered), and the type of care and charm you'd expect from a vintage barbershop.
This is what velocity-cli creators are telling to do now.
Ideally, there should be a different URL path per set of operations published for each plugin.
Go on Half Priced Bottle night!\nI went one night with a friend and had a bottle of Elyse \""Korte Ranch\"" Zin for $35!!!
(Note: this last suggestion is for SharePoint experts).
\nAnother favorite of mine here is the Cashew Chicken, which has almost a sweet and sour sauce, balanced with crunchy cashews, sweet peppers and rice.
I was trying to decide whether to visit the Carnegie Museum of Art or the Museum of Natural History, and decided to go with the art museum first.
I can tell by the way it tastes that the falafel sandwich, baba ganoush and tabbouleh are totally vegan, and delicious too.
It has a very modern design to it with nice wood floors and metal sculptures of fish hanging from the ceiling.
Seems stupid since they ID and there is no way we would have let her drink anyway.\n\nBullshit aside, this is a fun place if you manage to get seated.
That user doesn't have authority to map network drives, as far as I recall.
At least the browser doesn't crash.
My food came out fast and my beers were poured cold.
The toppings are just right too.
I am going to take the lack of responses as an implicit 'no'.
I really enjoy the convenient location to the light rail.
If you need a place for a company get together, this is it!
I've taken in everything from cocktail dresses to my winter coats.
This ensures that every launch has precisely the arguments that I need.
Also is it linked inside(binded) the application(exe) or is it separated(not sure how linking works) and if its separated how do i tell the program in which directory to see for that particular dll?
Cold sesame noodles were the lightly dressed vinegar kind, not the peanut butter sauce kind.
C'mon, the speciality of the house is right there in the restaurant's name!
Imagine a service where you see the actual traffic situation.
Thus, the line says "run this lambda on each line".
\n\nThe event itself offer lots and lots of great food and wine to taste and purchase if you felt so inclined.
She added the color to my hair and as I sat with foil in, I realized she only did the top half of my head when she and I discussed doing the bottom around the face more.
However, the ease of integration with the UI and other parts of the app/system usually pays for the up front overkill in inputting that single table.
These are acronyms for Graphical User Interface or simply User Interface .
This is probably my favorite place to eat in C-U.
Is there an easy way that I can just pull the files from the remotePath that aren't already in the localPath?
I keep telling myself to branch out but they're such perfect lunches.
A compiler could implement as the pointer to an unnamed chunk of storage that can contain 5 integers.
I know that I have to use a friend function for this.
You may have to walk an extra 5 feet, but you will cut 30 minutes out of your wait time.
What a great place to stop on a beautiful Pittsburgh evening.
To help narrow this issue down, I am strictly asking why the ID variable cannot be transmitted in thank you very much for any advice available!
Cannot nullify the padding on a in IE 8 I've got a problem with IE8.
Therefore this problem might be resolved.
I can successfully do a TNSPING on a local machine that has oracle client.
The breakfast was great and there was something different most every day!
Nothing compares to it in my book.
I suggested some recipes and they whipped them right up.
Yes, this looks like VS2003 bug.
A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.
This it what I dont understand...
Das Angebot des Gastronomie ist gut und vom Preis noch Akzeptabel.
When I opened the database in SSMS and tried , it returned the number 19.
I then do a for loop on that list to filter it down that specific SourceID and update the SourceID to be the Sales Order ID and change a couple of other values.
Nonetheless, my waitress was attentive and provided efficient service.
I also bought the largest carrot that I have ever seen (for under a buck!) to go with a cold soba noodle dish that I was making.
The good news is they have coupons in the Charlotte Citipass book!
Ka does a great job every time, and asks all the important questions up front.
Typically, I attach an event to the event of the window.
We would go again if we were in town and needed something to do if the weather were to be uncooperative.\n\nGreat to see a community center like that and tax dollars put to great use.
This particular event was called the Free Fur All.
The bacon was perfectly crisp too.
They also have Fruit Ninja as a game.
What's the easiest way to get the absolute path of the files relative to the DLL from code running in the DLL?
The exception table entry contains a pointer to a memory access instruction, and a pointer to a recovery address.
I am using python language for google app engine based iphone application .I want to install/access ssl on python.
It is cook to order so wait time might be a little long.
(Nobody makes chicken fingers and fries like a greasy bar!) There are some tables for sit-in, but nothing is top of the line.
\n\nThe food was good- not outstanding but definitely one of the best meals I had in the city.
I wonder if it is possible to change its to something like and let it auto-expands as the comment grows?
Their apps are great and large enough to have as a meal!
Can I see object sent from ajax to php in php with a debugger?
They immediately got the manager and I told her that her Senior Stylist was not listening to me and that I was horrified that I had to go home with half of a hair color.
I got sporadic SIGPIPE signals causing crashes of my fastcgi C program run by nginx.
If you bring a child under the age of 12 well, I think you may have to feed them from the dessert bar.
Also, when the radio button text is longer and comes to the next line, it screws up stuff again, and its weird.
The service is outstanding, the food is fresh tasting.
What is the best way to send html/image email?
Went here with my In-Laws who were craving good Chinese.
Otherwise, they make a nice effort to change their routes relatively often.
The issue was the Class assignment that was with the Search Icon.
or do I have to create another Paypal account (the Sandbox account) and configure it on the Drupal side instead of my real account?
The Ruby docs make it looks like plus signs and double quotes should work in a collect but everything I try gets a "expected numeric" error from Rails.
The suggestion by Robby Pond was helpful but I have a deeper issue with the (current) source code below.
For some reason, this compiles, and I thought to myself, "this would constitute a call to nil, wouldn't it?".
You are very confused about python data structures, you can't have keys in lists, you don't need a list of dictionaries with only one key.
Lots of eats..free internet...I find it easy in and out..
Unfortunately, VBA has no function to check if some particular value is inside.
If you are buying something that can ship in the mail (i.e., not a gun or live rounds), then you'll want to get it from eBay or one of the sporting supply shops online.
: the format of the text payload you expect in the response.
I'm so glad I found this place!\n\nAs other reviews have noted, you get an actual suite with a door and everything!
In the TCX format, how is a trackpoint marked as paused?
The waitress was very attentive and took good care of us.
It was a nice addition to the very clean bathrooms and airport overall.
I've used jQuery to keep aspect ratio but I didn't like the result).
I've taken my laundry to the Laundry Factory a couple of times now.
The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side, as usual in most local bars.
Or is it just wasting my time while I just can check it in the actual code?
Quite a few different groups of people get together for good beer, food and music at reasonable prices.
There are two dependencies usually involved: and .
Which means basically there is a flow of code possible in your method which does not end in a return statement (hint: what happens if your statement returns false inside the loop every time?
Having said that, my BF frequently orders one or the other and I always have my fair share of tastes.
How do I get more documentation in the editor for the JSch library?
If only my hotel had a mini fridge, I could have taken my leftovers back to my room.\n\nThe wait staff is super friendly.
rectCenterX = 100) on the screen; At 100th frame, rectCenterX = 300 (100 + 200) pixels.
Do you see a theme here?
Here's the db setup: I'm using PHP but without mbstrings() (though I do no string conversions on this address, just echo).
But my client throws a lot of exceptions.
I was referred to this dentist by a friend that swore that she was the best.
Looks sketch from the outside, but true fish fry happiness awaits!
In today's post-modern chill, Kabuto staff works to keep a neighborhood feel at the sushi bar, and congenial conversation if you're looking for it.
First of all you need to make sure, that your Players query returns only unique records ( on query properties).
The membership is $20, comes with a free T-shirt, and gives you access to a free brunch every Sunday.
Seriously, El Toro possesses the Mexican food trifecta - great taste, great service, and great price.
Service has always been decent and better.
This example xml does not parse.
The command XCOPY with the used options does not create the subfolder in backup directory if there is a subfolder in a directory, but in entire subfolder tree there is not at least 1 file to copy.
If you want lunch - try a sandwich here - but order ahead for pick up, or be prepared to wait 30 minutes or more in a shady looking bar.
\n\nThe coffee is terrific and the barista welcomes and chats with customers.
I couldn't have asked for better service, a better style, or a better stylist!
Here is my HTML code : and the Javascript part : I really dont know if made myself clear, but I hope you understood correctly.
The source code getting from Youtube API V3.
If its Real device we can not See Data folder inside data but if its Emulator Go to data>data> Search for your package name>database>yourdatabse.db enter image description here Search your package name.
A better solution would be using object.
I wanted to show all disks for the server on the front end and allow user to edit and update it.
The winner was my veal martini.
So Haxe PHP or normal PHP - what language is better for creating Plugins for WordPress?
As a swimmer, I am used to cold water pools.
\n\nOur waitress was really a gem - old school dame with some sass and a family tale of a sister-in-law with black & silver locks that turned heads.
Else you would have to check the implementations now and in the future for all standard libraries you want your code to be compatible with.
Only the futile and foolish game of broom ball.\n\nNonetheless, PIH is a good starting point for you up-and-coming figure skaters out there.
I recommend you use for easier readability.
You can also apply for a credit card and get approved immediately.
I did wish there was a hot tub in the area like in most spas, but there was multiple dressing areas with lockers (that had robes waiting for us), showers, a sauna and a steam room, plus the waiting area that had an assortment of teas, coffee, water with cucumber or fruit or plain water plus a nuts/dried fruit mix and a mix of chips for us to eat.
I occasionally had a mess up with scheduling or some other issue that wasted a lot of my time and that was highly annoying, hence the lost star, but otherwise it was just fine.
How can the $LinkingMode of Silverstripe have only one value at a time when it can be a section and current at the same time or link and section as well?
I get the feeling it has to do with my if condition but I'm not sure how to correct it.
Thankfully, the renovation has not just created a better use of space - there's a nice and cozy sitting spot in the back - but it's even cheerful-looking, in a rustic sort of way.
I've had 3 great experiences and 2 so-so experiences.
You thereafter extend the class to conform to this protocol, by implementing the (compulsory) blueprint for method .
You have the answer commented out - .
So GCC is licensed to perform the fusion by default, so long as it allows you to disable the optimization by setting .
\nMost had the filet, I had the lamb, and one other the salmon.
You start with an onion broth while the chef is warming up.
The number of row is larger than 6million.
I've thought about many a solutions for this.
You also get a small egg roll.
Fortunately, adult me has much better taste than little me, which means I get to enjoy Mad Mex in all of its glory now.\n\nI've been at this location a couple times the last couple of months and it hasn't let me down yet.
They are smaller shrimps, but the price is affordable so I don't mind.
The idea behind this assert is to check if first row after added ones was correctly moved.
Symfony2 use getDoctrine() in AppKernel to dynamically register bundles I have created an application where I can manage multiple websites.
You can use this (C#) code example.
But still quality meat so no complaints.
I met a few friends on the patio for dinner.
Clean / SEO friendly urls for e107 system version 1.0.4 I have searched all over the net and this site too ( trust me on that :( ) but couldn't find a simpler solution instead of manual rewrite for every single url.
The potstickers were good, just wish they were a LITTLE more crispy.
I will clarify the thread-safety point.
\n\nTo Faith D.'s point - use the moving sidewalks, but do offer the courtesy of moving to the side and letting walkers pass.
Can anyone give me any idea where I have gone wrong?
I have reinstalled spark 1.5.2 and it works for me.
the following code very useful to you.
My Code With the code below a second button press ruins the animation and the text AND image both disappear for two seconds and then it goes back to the original state.
I'm talking about an endless amount of options and trust me when I tell you that your server will know about every single one.
I know you chide me constantly with your incessant \""mangia, Joe, mangia!\"", but I had really eaten far too much and the champagne had gone to my head as well.
You know the result for the first x, you just add the last square to that sum.
Girasole walking back and forth, checking how you like your meal and pouring more wine.
You can use a separate div, and do some tricks using paddings and margins.
The existing Admob sdk does not support it.
Wow, they were not kidding about this place being small!
This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds, chia seeds, and other natural dietary supplements...
When the device is online, everything works as planned but as soon as the device goes offline, the execution/initialization of the flash plugin seems to fail (only a blank space and when you right click, it says 'could not be loaded).
For being a smal city Charlotte has a pretty effcient Airport.
Asked some friends and Myers Park Tailors was recommended over and over.\n\nWalid nailed the exact fit I was looking for at a lower price then I expected to pay.
It's fun to go to a place and to know exactly what you are in for.
My husband and I sat at the long bar, while a fire roared behind us and the NFL playoffs were shown on the one television.
I really like the horse shoe seating the engulfs the stage, and the experience of looking down on the actors.
Thank you all again for any tips or insights!
5 stars would require something really enticing to set it aside in character from a slew of other sport bar venues.
Nothing better than getting lost in a cornfield for an hour or 2 on a crisp autumn night.
On OSX the location of library itself is recorded into the library, so that if your applications links against it, the executable knows where to look for the library at runtime.
I've seen this claimed, but I've never seen a good explanation of what these errors are, and how immutability protects you against them.
(PS: We are in different locations, so just comparing both our installations is not an option!)
I have searched on net for social networking integration in iOS projects (For example: Facebook, Twitter, etc) I found there are also SDKs available for particulars and some OpenSource projects/frameworks are also available for the same which combines all into one like (ShareKit).
It strips off the tags in-place.
the class look like this (just few rows of the entire class): ..
Average copies per element is 0.5 size: 3 capacity 4 - When the vector's capacity was increased to 4, the first two elements had to be copied.
The three eggs omelet was equally spectacular.
I come from Boston, the land of 100 Indian restaurants.
That is also a good sign, shows that the place has staying power with the constant line of people inside and outside wanting their food.
The copying is done by retrieving the template spreadsheet, creating a new one with then setting the of the new one to the template spreadsheet .
Kindly help me to create a dummy program in which child process didn't wait to complete the process instead of that pick up the other task from pending jobs.
I am trying to display subjects table in .container Div.
If you don't have to use recursion, here's a much more efficient check for palindrome:
Just arrived into town & had a taste for sushi!
Take this example, we'll fill classNames with the list of all Java classes contained inside a jar file at Credit: <a href="
Bottom line, Tessaro's is a solid choice if you're in the mood for meat and you want to minimize your chance of running into Bloomfield hipsters.
Usually I can launch Eclipse but after about 5 minutes of use it usually crashes.
All MongoDB queries produce "key/value" pairs in the result document.
Three huge pieces with a mound of fries - now that's what we're talkin' about.
Best fast food for the price.\n\nThis particular Culver's is getting a review because of how great it is.
Then you can style the button using the class.
Sadly, this appears to be beyond the limits of human capacity.
It in fact accepts same object multiple times.
It was and always has been hard to introduce any tools that cost money (do the math: a programmer may cost a company $6000 a month all in, that extra tool for $300 a year per seat that saves you 1 hour a day, somehow managers just can't calculate, they'll still consider it too expensive).
I used to live above Empire, so I became very well acquainted with their food.
We asked for extra bread twice to sop up all of the juicy goodness.
I've been to many Targets and they're all the same.
Image path for displaying on a user profile I have managed to find the code I needed but just have some questions that need answering so that I understand as I am a little confused.
Provisioning profile issue in IOS My Provisioning profile is going to expire in two days,so build in the device will not work after that.
I contacted the shelter and they practically bent over backwards to help me with the dog's issues.
It's specified by the ISO C standard.
Have you tried on your php file , that?: UPDATE As i read your error message above ,the error seems to be on the response, so i show you a screenshot of my request to the server(from my live web-app where i use CORS on the php), you need these headers on the response ,please see my response from the server: Hope helps, good luck.
If you have more keys that you need to change around, then sorting may after all become the simplest solution:
I live close, so I roll on over whenever I want a new nail polish color.
My first stay here, I had a suite with a separate bedroom.
If you only need the title try: If you need more values of the try this:
When I made this change, it worked.
This EJB JAR holds the main persistence unit.
Depending on the size of the lobster tail that night, getting it as an appetizer is a sure way to make the bill skyrocket, but hey, we only live once!
Here is the head element of my index.html: I am thinking i needed to have another meta tag?
\n\nWe ordered simple pasta dishes: linguine and meat sauce, and spaghetti and meatballs.
Fluffy french toast for under $5????
As for the other poster whos friends said its over spiced, have you tried real Indian food?
I see two possibilities: You are mistaken that the -block is throwing an exception: maybe no exception is being thrown, or maybe there is an exception being thrown, but it's being caught before the end of the -block.
The syntax for CreateProfile() is: The supporting documents can be found in the MSDN library .
but this place is good, its cheap, and you get a crazy lot amount.
For reasons that I won't go into, I needed to serialize the class manually using the XmlSerializer on web server and deserialize on client.
Don't let a good place down.
I went to Showmars one day with two friends who go there A LOT.
I live in Chicago and work in a famous Mexican restaurant and I get up to Wisconsin for the old school steak and butter as much as possible: it gives me the energy to do my job.
I ordered the two corn-dog combo; others in my group ordered the hot dog combo and the burger combo.
Been coming to the GW for almost thirty years!
If you right-click on the video file...
This is one of the better Chinese places in Madison, although it can be a little spendy (not too bad, though) compared to your run-of-the-mill Chinese take-out joint.
Add all JARs from SoapUI bin and lib directories to Java Build Path.
My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.
Love that this theater plays more than your average blockbuster.
Easy parking, friendly staff and beautiful architecture make this place one of our favorite escapes.
I think the sushi and the corn chowder filled me up...
Instead KeyBinding you bind for a key and you don't have to be in focus.
How to resolve this problem ?
If so, how do I use it?
You can relate things however you want.
Check-in/checkout went smoothly and the staff's attention to detail, was very professional, yet not overbearing.\n\nThe lobby/cocktail bar area was very conducive to not only getting together to \""defuse\"" after a day of training (great couches!), but this area was also friendly to those who's day cannot pass without hopping on the laptop to check e-mail (many outlets available in the lobby/cocktail area).
Landmark Review:\nOh this place brings back so many memories, so many nooks and crannies.
I also tried a bigger grid (video uses 100, I tried 200 but then the ripples just were smaller.) I checked all formulas several times, and can't find any error.
within a matter of what should be a few tens or at most hundreds of microseconds), the same PLC triggers a camera to snap an image.
for similar price, I would much rather enjoy my burger here than any fast food joint.
It is fun to sit and sip on a cup of coffee while they roast right in front of you.\n\nThe biggest selling point for me was the outstanding array of fair trade coffee they had to choose from!
The bowl was filled with beautiful looking seafood: large shrimp, clams in their shells, mussels in their shells, a gorgeous piece of perfectly seasoned halibut, and enormous wonderfully cooked scallops.
Go to Kara!\n\nThe rest of the staff are equally friendly and fun.
GPRS AT Command CGDCONT - Do I really need an APN?
The instructor that she had at the time was very patient and kind to kids as well as the horses.
I've added a argument to , see GitHub .
or Also, to avoid exception you can use the method
After originally writing this review for Open Table, and not until it was completed was I informed that it had to be trimmed to a brief highlight before it would be posted.
As you can see, the first one has exactly the same problem you're trying to solve.
RollNo:[RollNo] , Name: [Name] Note : [RollNo] is ColumnName Identification Format Expected output: RollNo: 120 ,Name: John RollNo: 121 ,Name: Johney I can achieve this using a for loop but is there some other way such as using linq or any other concept.
My coworker had been recommending Lidia's to me for a while, and I'm glad I listened to her and brought my family here for dinner last week.
No statements Although, in Javascript, you can read this
Try to access it via the console application with no development tools installed (aka, a live environment or a development server which do not have VS2008 installed) and try again (RE: the comment posted by Heinzi).
\n\nBut I went with the omelet with ham and cheese and a side of buttermilk pancakes.
In order to move from one page to another, you need to use a variable to show what page the user is currently reading.
The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous.
Finally, to get past this, associate .py files (I noticed that you ran it directly) with a 64bit Python version (you might have to download and install it).
I had a lot of this code condensed but have expanded it to help myself find the problem!
It's in a class of it's own.
Used in countless applications across many platforms, SQLite is considered a de facto industry standard for lightweight embedded SQL database programming.
I also really dig that they have a good selection of climbing shoes and gear.
I would agree, but NOT FOR A FIRST or any getting-to-know-you dates- you won't hear half of what your date said and who wants to have to scream so everyone around you knows it's a first date?
This is for a competition and putting in Not_An_SMS returns notAnSms instead of notAnSMS?
Sometimes a little more but the experts are worth it.
If you can use , forget about everything and refrain from using dynamically allocated C-style strings!
I want to put content (multiple images vertically arranged) in a React Native ScrollView (iOS only for now, Android will come later) that is bigger than the phone's screen, and start zoomed out so that it is all visible at the same time.
The lighting wasn't too dark so it felt intimate where you were sitting.
There is a simplistic example below.
Try using the URL: (ncr standing for No Country Redirect) and see how you go.
This place serves great coffee and also sells the widest array of whole-bean I have ever seen.
I don't think memcache/redis is necessary, but it's an option.
when i m zooming the clarity is not as clear as originally.
Get it, get it, get it!
Basically the client js code will use websockets to connect to clojure server and on server you can have a state wrapped in an atom that is access by each client and each client is updated about the state through the connected websocket...
Note : When an object is cloned, PHP 5 will perform a shallow copy of all of the object's properties.
I feel like this would be done by doing CMD-A on all your elements then control-dragging to your code, but this only hooks up one of the selected elements to the outlet.
This line: is like calling: Because the expression is a value rather than a variable , it's a bit like doing this: Changing the value of in the copy of returned by the property isn't going to change the original value at all.
I recently changed stylists for something new which I was wary of doing.
Skip the overpriced wine and order one of the house sodas instead.
If this kind of technique (uninstall.exe copies itself somewhere ALWAYS with THE SAME name (Au_.exe) ) the problem could be resolved, obviously, very simply.
Rate was much better than local Westin or other Hilton.
Her box came with a whole tonkatsu, 4pc.
I recommend ordering the mixed vegetables with brown sauce.
They offer custom made flavored whipped creams (chocolate, vanilla, pumpkin pie) To top their decadent sundaes and treats.\n\nThey also offer a variety of \""penny\"" candies and fudge.\n\nWhenever we need a sugar rush we will be returning to Klavon's!!
Rapheal doesn't have setters for and on the Paper object, so calling them is not affecting the DOM, but just setting some properties on the Paper object.
Even if i search for 10000952,10002696, then it means it does not exist.
You can easily find a high-quality vegetarian cheese with just a glance.
I interested to work with SFTP.
Torn between a three star and four star review.
:) ) \nI will most definitely be back and plan on telling all friends considering a pet to adopt from the ARL!
Since rights are inherited, rights cannot be revoked from those administrators and given to some normal users only, few of those users may be project collection administrators also.
We were a very large party.
Anyway this salon is open until 10pm, so even you redeye jetsetters can get your digits done right before the flight.
\n\nI have to give a shout out to our waiter, Grant, who we also had during the first visit.
Like I said they are very sweet.
It moves the fastest and its typically flooded with well-traveled business peeps.
In my home kitchen, we tend to cook lots of Asian and Indian food, but when we DO go the Latin America route, we want to do it right.
Screenshot: CSS code for class cta, header-inner, fh5co-header, and fh5co-page: Screenshot of Modal with Z-index higher than page header element: Screenshot of Modal with Z-index lower than page header:
Encountered: " In my android application I am facing a very strange error and cannot get into root of it.
What I want is for deltaTime to update as I press 'm' more times i.e creating more bodies It seems like my guess is correct, that you're assuming that deltaTime will automatically increment whenever a new Body is created, and that is not how Java works.
The solution could be to template the type of to avoid the upcasting:
So to test my changes I have to modify a source file and then re-build...
And you only need one "read" for your input loop -- since every key reads a page you can factor that out of each individual key.
Select the two-column range of cells that has your data, then continue selecting a few hundred rows down, or at least well beyond where you think your data will eventually go down to.
If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd be making weekly (maybe even daily) journeys to the store.\nI'm an experienced vintage shopper and baby - it doesn't get better than this!
Progress Bar during the loading of a ListView So, I want to display a spinning loading indicator while my ListView is being populated.
Open late so that is awesome.
I have a list with lots of stuff in each list item: What I want to do, is when I click on the anchor 'remove', to remove the list item containing it.
An exceptional meal and stellar customer service.
android gpu image rendering issue I'm currently building an android app to apply filter on a bmp.
It is confirmed that Upstream DOES have a pastry chef, contrary to some popular belief around here.
She had good suggestions from the menu and she kept our beverage glasses full.
Click the "stop recording" square blue button in the bottom left to stop recording your Macro.
I wish I could be of more help
When I select 'DB' in first combobox I want 'SQL' to show up in the second combo box.
Once configured correctly, I committed the container which resulted in a 15GB image.
I live in a studio and without utilities besides water and heat) it's over 600.
As far as I know, mongodb doesn't support queries against dynamic values.
For the record, 1.0E-4 = 0.0001.
It's not a place for lunch or anything, but they have the standard coffee-shop style foods you'd expect...biscotti (Try the grasshopper mint!) and muffins and scones and other pastries.
One of the best bakeries in town!
They definitely weren't shy with the seasoning which left something to be desired for the surf of the turf.
The program assumes all songs in folder within your current working directory.
But what if you wanted to model Mt.
What error you might be having is in processFile function you are creating a file object from the fileName, which is not existing.
That's the price you pay for not finding a problem.
If you update your google play services you need to update your res/values tag too.
If you're referring to some kind of book or example code, it should explain where you're supposed to get this function from.
\n\nThis definitely started off as a bad experience.
She always spent enough time with us to answer my questions and provide advice on daily or post-operative care.\n\nWe didn't do as well with Dr.
The document element is available in the head of the document before loading any other HTML, so it is safe to attach events there without waiting for the document to be ready.
So good it was worth getting fat for.
For example: All that said, 9.1Mb isn't really a lot (less than 0.5% of memory on a machine spec'd with 2Gb of RAM) and more importantly, does it actually matter that your application's using 9.1Mb of RAM, or are you wasting your time investigating?
We looked through old photos of their past cakes, and she really listened to us.
Once it gets busy, the service gets worse.
I think it was when we installed our new heat pump, but I'm not positive about that.
I've enjoyed the regular coffee, ice teas, and biscotti.
I highly recommend checking them out.
When looking again in the log from Dependency Walker on Windows 7, LIBSASL.DLL indeed shows up a x64 module.
Pull that code out onto the same level as the other event binding and it should work as expected.
Unlike every other store I went to, it's often an owner or manager that handles the stand.
What I surmise according to your question...
I highly recommend checking out this bakery.
Certainly goes on my lists of \""go to\"" hotels when in the area.
DNA\"" references.\n\nThe art section is also quite impressive.
This makes incrementing counters externally safe.
The shell can't do that directly, since there will only be a single stream coming from the source program (the cat, in this case).
After you verify the converted files are correct, you can
Bind dynamic parameters to SQL SP with php pdo This question is related to this Wanna bind dynamic parameters from PHP PDO.
The third party library requires that it's components use JFrame.
I will have to eventually pull this form out of a database, replace variables with information out of the db, and have the ability to print or email this form.
Referencing a variable in the main function - Java I have written a simple summation function where I add up values of an array.
Doesn't seem like the smoothest run location.
Everything from Carolina BBQ to Pinkberry to sushi and Cinnabon, there was something for everyone.
Bless Frank's heart, he figured out some concoction of simple syrup and honey, and made me a Bee's Knees!\n\nYou can also choose to eat while at Papa J's, if you can tear your eyes away from all the drink menus.
Great place to meet up with friends...not too loud, not to crowded.
Pizza is good but not great.
It always tastes good and it never breaks the bank.
Given the input, ouput, and script path (like s3n://bucketname/script.q, s3n://bucketname/input.txt, s3n://bucketname/out/).
My questions concerning that: Is there a reason for that "feature"?
This file is at the same location where your solution file is.
The modified code which I am trying is as follows.
I went here on the recommendation of my colleague at work.
(Throwing an error from a method that should be abstract is a run-time check, not compile-time, which can lead to a lot of frustration).
You can allocate the array as a contiguous bloc like this.
The drinks are great and the staff is really friendly.
The food is fresh and REALLY good!
Best beer selection in the area.
This is my favorite type of restaurant, regardless of cuisine; namely, a family run institution with great food, friendly service and an almost complete disinterest in spiffing up the surroundings.
This will mean doing something along the line of:
The entire airport has floor to ceiling windows which takes the feeling of claustrophobic away from this particular airport.
Welcome to the wonderful world of Event Dispatch Thread violation (and race conditions).
TDD for a new Java application - Where should I start?
Returning only updated fields from database I'm building stored procedure which will be used by my Web API application.
The crust is as it should be--chewy in parts, crunchy in others.
As a separate issue, note that your procedure will make the initial commit a child of the initial commit.
I very much enjoy stadium tours.
None of them are really any good for any of us.
Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week.
Since this post was made, there has been a third party tokenization service made available.
One of the perks of being on the Big Burrito mailing list is the postcard they send every year at your birthday time for a free entree.
My first visit it would have earned 3 or 4 stars.
Have good GUI support (this is why doesn't give a suitable answer, as far as I can tell).
Sure, where do you wanna go?\n\nYou should really have an easy answer to that question when someone asks you, but lately I haven't.
The food is great and so is the service.
I don't think you were limiting to the 10 records because you had no join on date.
Otherwise I can do a for loop instead to do the check without the prototype constructor.
If you are catching up with friends, I would suggest getting there early for drinks, or planning drinks and dessert after - once the chef's show starts going, along with all of the tables around you, it is rather noisy.
Lobby looks very clean and nice, staff are friendly, the hallway on the 8th floor is bright, clean and feels cool, not warm and muggy like some hotels.
Whenever I come here, I don't eat the whole day so I can enjoy my carb fest!\n\nAs reviewers have stated previously, the service is hit or miss at this establishment.
The scallops for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural components.
If we take the measure of each point, we get as approaches infinity, or zero.
We'd spend $30 tip included (always at 25% because that's what a good waitress deserves) and leave with boxes of food!
Reason I ask these questions, is I’m not sure what kind of capability we should build into our client application for authentication to the web service.
just a fun place to wander around and find crazy things for costumes and parties.
I do something similar for showing loading UI.
When I run into this issue, its always because I choose the wrong type data type..
If you ever have a problem with patrons around you, a discreet word to an usher will quickly remedy the issue.
File that away in your memory bank.
You should use your frames converted to single channel, i.e.
Force connection reestablishment from client app to GCM We are using GCM for messaging from server to the client app.
This location at Overstreet is super convenient to my office so I do get breakfast AND lunch here often.\n\nDuring the lunch rush, this place can be a mad-house with the line that stretches from the start of the counter out into the Overstreet mall main drag.
Interior is authentic, with open wood beams, banners and other decorations and a authentic menu to boot.\n\nHaving been stationed in Germany with the Army and later in and out for business, I know that I know and this is the real thing.\n\nAbout a dozen German beers on draft (!) and a lot more bottled.
Afterwards, they even sent me a condolence card.
I would like to implement something of this sort for Neo4j.
A is n_1*n_2 B is m_1*m_2 for the sake of simplicity I will assume , .
I also moved all show/hide logic to JS.
There are 4 decks near the BPAC that accept the coupons.
- But the thing that really would be consistent for you would be to use virtual python environments through virtualenv.
The most family oriented work out place in town.
for a single user click event simulation ..
Using the app binary will never show you filenames or line numbers and will only show you class name and methods if you don't strip symbols from the executable.
I've used this feature with other organizations in the past - so it wasn't really new for me.
This should be a good startpoint to read exif data with PHP:
According to the above rules, then, every element looks exactly the same to .
Always loads the last one My base Html My script initialization is my functions look like Ideally we should get three instances of iframe player but in our case we are getting only one player that too the last one in all cases.
However, my opinion is that most true high end steakhouses all have similiar quality steak.
I can definitely see this as a place to go back to.
Their food menu is a hit or miss.
If I understand correctly, you shouldn't need to use floats at all.
I would definitely get this again.
The application is receiving calls successfully.
\nCasual, but trendy, restaurant that was the perfect little date night.
There's two different kinds of sauces on the table, mild and spicy.
As a tea drinker myself, I hardly paid attention to that half of the menu.)\n\nThe apple panini I ordered came out quickly and was complemented with a side of tortilla chips and salsa.
In my .proj file, I reference my custom task with the following syntax...
And the salsa - oooh how I crave the salsa.
Hell yes, free shuttle to and from the Pittsburgh Steelers game(downtown Pittsburgh Hilton, about 1 mile away).
Suggestions:\n* Toddlers and young kids: KidsPlace room, Puppet Show Theater (shows at 11, 1:30, 2:30 and 3:45 PM), and Virtual Reality Room\n\n* School age kids: Digging for fossils (extra $2), Little Einstein science, and The Shop Machine exhibits.
My favorite was the bulgogi beef.
Remember Query string about how much data you can pass and it varies from browser to browser.
As a result, you could actually taste the food...what a concept!
I've tried the same request using another web site that does the same basic task, and it comes back immediately.
Why not just make evey different view a different site, ie give the ads in each view a different id.
We stopped at the bar for a nightcap after dinner and the bartender said they are redesigning the menu and trying hard to make this more of a dinner spot than just happy hour.
.., and also it provides response to calling activity only (Synchronous or Asynchronous).
Despite it being very crowded, the restaurant stayed clean and cool!
I spent a considerable amount of time looking into this.
I had a carnitas (pulled pork sand) on a pretzel roll with the best Gazpacho I've ever tasted.
In order to smoke here, you have to go all the way outside, bang a left and go to the end of the building.
They also have noontime Masses and even early evening.\n\nThe parish is welcoming and Mass has always been liturgically correct with relevant homilies.\n\nThe interior is simple, but their is beauty in that simplicity.
Our reason for using a Wire Tap is so we don't block the Servlet route.
They have an awesome tea selection, and I had their organic citrus green tea.
I would like to split it in several 10x10 sub-matrices the first including columns and rows 1-10, then second including columns 11-20 and rows 1-10 and son on until eventually I have a set of 10x10 matrices.
I had the rock shrimp pad Thai and it was fantastic and a giant portion.
PowerDNS intercepts the DNS request and the LUA script correctly determines if the URL is whitelisted.
The ribs were cooked to perfection and tender meat nearly fell off each bone.Their sauce is mild and OK but I was surprised by the limited choices in that area.\n\nThey offer several sides and the ones we sampled were all above par.
Since it was summer I asked for partial highlights and I didn't get my haircut cause I used a groupon at another salon to get it cut.
If I move the entity outside the span it will appear.
They catered our recent wedding and we were absolutely thrilled with the results.
Their sales staff is friendly and helpful, the quality of their print jobs is unmatched and they always make sure you get your project on time and 100% to your satisfaction.
The project is available at The WebView will render a website based on the input and this page has a DIV with the main contents (could be hundreds of lines).
I have added this attribute, and the error is now not occuring.
Not just pizza and hoagies .
Create normal folder within your project name it Code or something similar (but not App_Code) and place your file there.
Methods can declare only local variables.
My hair has never looked so beautiful and I am so glad that we found such a great place.
they still manage to do it with a long line, which makes it that much nicer...
On large datasets, they'll often let you avoid processing your data more than once or loading the whole set in memory at once, in contrast to list comprehensions.
Here is a complete, working example.
Charlotte-Douglas is a fairly nice, yet huge, airport.
I can't comment on the Art museum, but I did get to see the car and carriage collection as well as the estate.
As one example (there are many), here is the stack value, and corresponding .map entry value: Assuming (likely incorrectly) that the stack is not corrupted except near the top, and that the function addresses I see somehow do correspond to the stack frames and corresponding EIP (return address) pointers, then my question is this: Why do I consistently see the exact value of the location of the functions in the .map file corresponding to the stack?
Any pointers in the direction will also be helpful.
\n\nWhile it would take me a few visits to become fully oriented with each floor and the location of everything, overall this is perhaps the nicest Y and gym I have been to in the U.S.
It needs to be shown back home, back inside a function, any function.
In general, your app should not be on the whitelist unless Doze or App Standby break the core function of the app or there is a technical reason why your app cannot use GCM high-priority messages.
If we stayed longer I could see relaxing down there enjoying a glass of wine, playing a game or reading.
Numbers are entered as work orders (WO) to track clients.
Just the accept method and the setter for the criteria.
Obviously if you are using 3rd-party code, this would be more difficult to manage.
so i changed it into the resueableRect is just a CGRect that I've used all through the view initialization.
I made an example here: swfobject is documented pretty well here:
The current owner has done a great job of maintaining the decor, down to the penny candy (I saw it this time!) and phone booths.
You need to include the appropriate header for : You should also avoid in the global namespace in headers, you pollute the global namespace of any code that includes your header file.
We have been here a number of times, and I have enjoyed it more and more each time.
Then you lubricate and put eye drops in your eyes every few hours to avoid an infection.
Then you need keep track of how many bytes you've read up to this point.
The restaurant is ALWAYS busy and for good reason--the food is great!\n\nIs this authentic Italian food?
It's my solid go-to spot when I need Chinese food.
Any help would be much appreciated, thanks.
(nor does it show my toaster messages, which the emulator shows fine as well) the receiver is mentioned in my manifest like so: i've tried many examples as guidelines for my Java code.
For the main entree, I ordered the vegetarian couscous and hubs got the veggie special of the day.
Simply put, it was the best rouladen I have had in a restaurant.
However, I have no Authors in the system so that dropdown is empty.
I have used for small amount of data but I don't think that it is the right option for my situation.
That translates the Java Bytecode to actual machine code.
"MEIJUH" is shown as "gi" "De connectie met de server is verbroken" is shown as "e connectie met de serer is erbroken" Note that these strings are in Dutch, but I don't think this is a problem for encoding.
Resek was amazingly patient and kind, and gave us the time and space we needed.
We stopped at Lori's just to meet and greet and ask a lot of question.
The first part of this question is hard to answer without a technological context.
The balcony had a decent view and it was a bit smoky but not too unbearable (and I'm the kind of guy who doesn't usually mind it).\n\nEveryone I saw seemed to be having a good time, which is always a great sign, and if I lived in Charlotte I'm pretty certain I'd be here regularly.
How would I go about finding the REAL coordinates of a point relative to the newly rotated object?
Or maybe there is a whole other solution out there.
This is my code: In the delegate i have: In the about view i didn't change anything.Please tell me what is the problemm .Thanks.
You can park for as cheap as $5...or like Todd W.
I have a dialog window as my add class as it needs to add a contact, now I can add the data but storing it into an array and then placing that into a JList is proving tricky.
DiCarlos is in my opinion THE BEST pizza in the Pittsburgh area.
I heard great things about this place from my brother and it met every expectation.\n\nHere is what we ordered:\n\n-Appetizer for 5 that including jumbo crab cakes, calamari, and mussels.
\nThe environment is nice and servers are polite.
Suppose there are class/trait definitions as follows: Given the instance of b and c, how do I get their inheritance information (i.e.
I didn't have any food, but they've got a decent beer selection, and prices and specials are pretty good.
You get your glass mug filled with beer, soda, or juice with unlimited refills, while also getting a very small ice cream sundae at the end.
\nIt can get quite packed during a game or on a weekend evening, so there can be a wait.
In order to find the site ID Open IIS Manager Expand server node Click on Sites In the center pane (also know as workspace) you can see site name and it's ID.
This would eliminate any overwriting of files and also fix my readonly / archive attributes situation
I'll be seeing you a lot for the next year :)
It's super cute and everyone there is really helpful with finding books you might be looking for.
Yii User is not meant for adding roles to users, it only handles user account management.
The vet technician (who came from the Chicago and whose name I forgot - sorry!) was fantastic!
Maven plugin executing another plugin I'm trying to create a new plugin to package my latest project.
For windows xp and vista I had to copy QtCored4.dll, QtGuid4.dll, QtSqld4.dll and mingwm10.dll to distribution directory (this was debug code) and I copied the qsqlited4.dll to a folder named "sqldrivers" in the distribution directory.
Depends on how large your DB is, and how frequent the stats are changed.
\nHave yet to go into the store and not gotten into a good discussion about anything from NPR, the Walking Dead to Edward Abbey.
All I want to verify is: When need to bulk update/delete many entities of different kind, is there any good coding pattern for this situation?
It looks like there's a gem that may help you out: paypal_adaptive I haven't tried it, so your mileage may vary.
That being said, I was staying at the hotel and enjoyed the convenience and was willing to pay more for it.\n\nThey automatically add in a 20% tip.
How does it relate to the symbol, meant to make accessible outside of the "implicit" loop that is ?
The JIT would probably have recognized that a loop would have gone from 0 to 3 and unrolled it itself anyway, but who knows...
In jdbc we directly specify the connection url and oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver and its always one connection where another request has to wait until the connection finish processing.
Once you get the strings, cast the locations to integer via .
You can see how much code is here but with Netbeans IDE I have just written two lines of that, all other are auto generated.
It also has arguably one of the countries best Boxing programs, which has been nurtured by the legendary Bob Lynch.
The APP is as BLE central role, while the Bt chip is as BLE peripheral role.
The staff were all very chatty and engaging everyone in conversation.
Do you have an idea to solve this problem ?
How can I capture and stream video from the iPhone's camera?
Stopped in here for a business lunch.
Follow these links, may be they'll be helpful for you: Or you can google it for more tutorials, there are too many.
The DoubleTextblockSetter allows me to animate numbers, which is really fun.
They're bad.\n\nThe decor here is awesome, with wood paneling straight out of the 80's and cheap plastic booths.
Testing with Doze and App Standby
Because when a user posts a link on their wall to How could I fix this and not annoy my users?
A very coo place, with plenty of indoor rock climbing walls.
Otherwise you are going to get the first result something is grouped on and have inaccuracies.
In terms of editing the PCP, is there anything else I can use other than the ORCA to edit?
Good if you have a job where you are there to help people.
Good solid food, but not really anything earth shattering or innovative.
A trip to Paris for four days had me eating the simple street version each day for breakfast.
I will say that I think they have the best steaks compare to Applebee's and Chilli's.
The crowd was very engaged and everyone seemed to be having a great time.
PS: srry about the spanish variable's names;
Their burnt almond torte is a Pittsburgh staple, and the few other things that I've tried from them have been equally delicious!
i love this unpretentious, accepting place.
At least one series much be allocated to the default axis.
They definitely don't skimp on the cheese and the sauce is awesome....it has a fresh tomato taste to it that goes well with the crisp, nutty crust.
Only downside is that it's cash only, but since there are a couple ATM's and a PNC nearby, it can be overlooked.
I love how the restaurant is very intimate and that the lights are dim throughout the bar.
In any case, is not always immutable : when the response is , then is mutable.
And a nice ambiance for a Saturday night!
So the output is 5 things per individual (total variants, number homozygote, number heterozygote, and proportions of homo- and heterozygotes).
I don't live in Champaign anymore but I come back to eat here.
I recently was putting together a city guide for some clients coming into town.
Being a comforted by food person, this did the trick when we most needed it.
Perfect early Saturday evening after a long oversea flight.\n\nTotally recommendable.
Workaround for lack of CSS feature to "suppress inherited styles" (and backgrounds?) I have a DOM situation that looks like this: A is an ancestor of B , which is in turn an ancestor of C Initially, A has styles that inherit to B and C I wish to temporarily highlight B by giving it a highlighted class ...however...
Fiesta on the other hand....well, there are few places I'd rather sit on the patio and have margaritas.
Programmers writing in such languages must develop a proper order of actions in order to solve the problem, based on a knowledge of data processing and programming.
From the following somewhat arbitrarily found man page for atoi....
The argument you're passing to is where things are going wrong I believe.
You also have the option of explicitly queueing tasks to the thread pool ( ), and you should do this if you have particular CPU-intensive functionality.
If you have Payments Pro on your account but still getting this error, it could be an account setup issue; in that case contact customer support to further investigate.
its definitely a nice group of people.\n\nOther: This is a great ice-breaker date, awesome place to bring friends from out-of town...A big change up to your regular tired work-out routine..and even a wonderful place for kids.
I'm searching for any solution to have a passport authentification in the first subdomain and being logged in in the second one, including keeping two disctinct apps if needed.
Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.
I will be greatful for any ideas I get!
Cuisine Malaya also serves up Japanese-sushi but I'd stick with the Malaysian.
WHILE Loop or use of CURSOR e) Missing or inappropriate indexes that leads to table scan What are other SQL server operations can lead for a high CPU use?
I expected a dive with somewhat gruff service.
The absolute best thing about this place is the fresh tofu.
Is this: definitely the correct character encoding for your script?
But the real star of the menu was the bbq chicken; it was totally off the hook.
I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.
and they have booths which themselves would be enough to make me love this place.
When it comes down to it I rate take-out and delivery places mostly based on food taste because I am not going elsewhere for superior service and inferior food, so Graziano's gets 5 stars by my standards.
\n\nWhen I go here, I usually keep it simple.
I really wish they had a tram for this but the food court made up for it.
I had good experiences with Jackie at Patches and Pieces.
This place is a must go for beer lovers.
The Bloody Mary's we're make your own, you got a glass of ice and vodka.
\n\nOkay, for realz now: Angelo's white pizza is ridiculously delicious.
How to correctly expose images uploaded by web application?
Lots of TV channels and free wi-fi.
Sooo blacked out here that\nWe heckled the guitarist.\nNot sorry.
Upon my first trip to Urbana, the locals brought me to El Toro for dinner.
I also tried the sausage flatbread.
It is near a Christmas tree farm so it is the perfect place to stop and get some cocoa on your way.
Dropdown on initial load, broken Dropdown w/ refresh working properly So it DOES work, but why do I have to refresh the page to make it work properly?
The array version, even with the in/out array conversion is considerably faster.
From my searches I've found the function but I haven't quite figured out how exactly to use it.
Your post's variables should all be concatenated.
The small size of the restaurant and the number of staff hit the perfect balance of availability and perceived absence.
But mail function requires SMTP server for sending emails.
Also went with the fried rice which was $1.75...kind of annoying, but no big deal, as I like egg in my rice.
For and objects with a user defined class type: doesn't mean (unless you make it so) doesn't mean (unless you make it so) Also, function calls are never duplicated.
Following the steps in the Wix Tutotial/ .NET/ Bootstrapping I have created a Boostrap.exe which chains .NET web installer and the app Setup.msi.
There are some libraries that allow working with big numbers such as (did not test it, but it looks ok).
The counts you retrieve are not constantly updated, however.
Not the best Chinese out there but for the price it's pretty solid!
However, if I launch the app, switch to a different state and open a modal window in that state, then return to the original state, the map is broken and displays a number of grey tiles.
North Face, Arcteryx, Patagonia, Marmot, and some others.
We were still a little hungry, but decided some dessert would do the trick.
Update : Zend Framework new release added FlashMessenger View Helper , found in path Old answer : I have written a custom view helper, for printing flash messages In /module/Application/Module.php Create a custom view helper in /library/My/View/Helper/FlashMessages.php then simple call from layout.phtml , or your view.phtml Let me show example of controller action In home page, it prints Hope this will helps !
What is involve in creating a music player in .NET?
Please don't tell me that I shouldn't do it this way, I want to stick with this behavior.
In my form there are some dynamic input text boxes created by using ng-repeat.
It says: "After a transaction is committed, undo data is no longer needed for rollback or transaction recovery purposes.
The location rocks too right between 30 and Milwaukee.
All in all, everything was exceptional.\n\nEasily, this is some of the best food in Charlotte.
Of course my program works, but I want to understand this warning or is this just a compiler mistake?
Partitionkey and Rowkey are just two properties of entitis in Azure table.
In nHibernate, can I map an abstract base class to a collection?
However, when using the TVS_HASLINES style with items of variable height, the lines are only drawn for the top part of an item with iIntegral > 1.
Also, it had pork in it which is a little different.
But overall a great find for a really decent price.
I had never experienced something like that, but I received free food vouchers for a future visit, and luckily I wasn't in a rush that day, so it worked out.
I'm still getting comments about how good the pizza was.
The atmoshpere is a little off, but a great surpise for Friday fish.
It wasn't what i was looking for but it did satisfy another quest I am on.
\n\nNot only did they respond and were ready with the cash when I arrived, but they were really nice about it.
I find myself getting bored with class offerings after taking them for prolonged periods bc the instructors get lazy--same music, same routine...blah blah blah.
There are definitely better wings around the city, but I still keep coming back to Nico's.
Johnnie was fab and trimmed my hair exactly to my liking.
Create the thread, passing the event in the constructor.
Example: (You could replace $('hr') with e.g.
Is that something that Swift doesn't support?
Outcome - Can't *guarantee** but this should also work.
In return I get a new configured logger pointing to the respective file for that thread.
It was juicy and full of flavor.
For example If your compiler does not support the class then you can use an ordinary array declared the following way and the function can look like
My answer is c) but I am not too sure Can anyone point me to the right answer and explain it to me please Thanks
But now I want to calculate the sub-path between C to E..
To avoid iterating over those objects you'd have to use the native DOM functions to retrieve the attributes , and not any data-related properties that have been stored on the elements.
If above rules are called everytime user clicks the button what will be the impact?
Resize the table (with all operations that this might incur), to guarantee some more possible slots.
It was a match made in kimchi heaven.
I do not know how many records you have in each table.
However, I can't correctly implement the join tables in my code for some reason - when I want to add to the new Table (report_viewers), I say: However, when I access the table via it gives me a nil class.
On top of that, has a Big-O specification of , so it doesn't scale well.
The soul rolls are a must have.
This may not matter if you are truncating the tables before use but the cleanup is an operational issue that is dependent upon your system.
Something about the brightness of the mint against the subtle, freshness of the white fish makes this roll absolutely to die for.
How to Detect when entering a password field I am currently trying to debug an issue I've been experiencing with the program 'matchbox-keyboard'( and I'm hoping for some assistance.
The waitresses have been there for years, they are the best!
There is just so much to look at.
I have been satisfied with any vet and any assistant that has seen my cats.
Check whether the has being provided to the plugin.
You can use the middleware: Then:
\n\nThe restaurant, which is owned and operated by a family of Vietnamese immigrants that left the old country in the early 1990s, is very down to earth and low key.\n\nThe service is primarily provided by Tram's father, who has one hand but somehow manages to seat, take your order, pour/refill your water, brings your food, clear the table and cash you out.
I would imagine this would be really good for families looking for a night out.
You can pay the rent online and submit work orders online.
Based on your question, I don't think inheritance is the best tool for the job.
The second week I came they had fried risotto balls, which I promptly had about a million of...
Then our waitress took forever to come to our table and bring our drinks to us.
He deserves a beer or 8.
but they willingly changed it per my request to yellow curry at no extra charge or major fuss.
---Updated: --- These are my code about class: And: But not working and no error message, what wrong?
I would start to look at other options outside of a pure sql approach.
Also because we work with 4 mongo servers I don't know with will handle each request.
Derived classes like BlogPost, Article, Photo, etc.
I have a function of the IndexController type: It is used so: Now for example, how to show the Name element of outputData ?
(And me, and everyone alike.)\n\nThe Sandwich Shop doesn't look like that much from the outside but the warmth and atmosphere that Mama Ros and Mike put into it, is something amazing.
Alternatively, you could associate .js files as PHP files in apache (or whatever webserver you are running).
there was just me in the restaurant, which scared me a little bit but I have to have faith in my fellow Yelpers.
Just tried MCN salon for the first time this week and had an amazing experience there.
I will definitely be coming here again.
My only complaint would be they put sauce on the brisket.
I would think to reset the command, it should look something like this: but that obviously hasn't worked out for me.
Have been eating at Max's for 20 years.
This pork is tender and so flavorful, but with a nice meaty texture which only come from long long stewing.\n\nFried chucks of chicken breast in a mango sweet/spicy sauce.
Personally I almost always just lock - it's easier to get right in a way which is obviously right than either volatility or Interlocked.Increment.
Superior service - waitress knowledgeable about food - able to make recommendations.
This is, I believe, the \""Mother Church\"" in Charlotte for the UHoP.
The aside is a little bit wider than my picture and what happens is that when I hover it, it slides to the right and has his width increased.
II don't think its that dirty but seriously I don't really know for sure because they keep that place like a damn cave, even in the middle of the day!
restart broken tcp connection in windows using winsock 2 lib am working on a c program that should log data from a norma 5000, but it seams like the normas tcpconnection randomly closes after an arbitary time (0.2-6h) but i need to log longer than that.
So not 34 + 34 + 34 + 23 + 23 + 23 + 43 + 43 + 43 ...
Threads should therefore be pooled for resue.
I might move to Charlotte just so I can eat here every week.
Then, someone can use the CPAN client to install your module and it's dependencies directly, but untarring the tarball and then running cpan .
I'm creating a simple chatbot and this is what I have so far: My problem is that java won't recognize the variable city within the if else statements and so says city is not resolved.
It sounded strange to me at first but it was so delicious.
A couple of useful things: If you're running your app out of Xcode, add an exception breakpoint.
With you can clearly see what HTML is associated with what module and you know where to look for that information.
This code should work, BUT it is still not the recommended way to approach the problem.
But without the friendly faces and awesome tap line up.
Is a bug in this version of PHP?
For ANSI C, each Snowball script produces a program file and corresponding header file (with and extensions).
And my question is now, How can I trigger a notification in the 1st application using the 2nd application?
It's a tough thing to do.
ID item of item to be edited is passed to edit form in the query string like this: editform.aspx?ID=ItemId.
Told Rod at the desk I needed cv joints because another mechanic said I did.
It looks like the Table View can't be the first child of the view controller's view.
If China Taste delivered I could easily see myself eating from here weekly.
What fixed the problem is removing from I'm still not sure if the behavior of in such a case is correct.
The result is symmetric, so it might be worth the effort to skip the duplicate calculations.
We've started getting takeout here and I was really surprised at how good it was, given takeout usually is half as good as it is in the restaurant.
There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard, but they always serve great drinks!
\n\nThe room was fantastic with a king sized bed and all of the amenities that usually accompany a DoubleTree hotel room.
With the mongo shell and MongoID is straightforward: Pick up your object id Run mongo console Get the size in bytes of the document
There are two locations, one just off Walnut Street in Shadyside and one on Craig Street in north Oakland.
Each object is stored in a file named for its hash, split into directories by the first 2 characters.
The above is also the case for css files under .
does not represent your results - it is a query that will provide your results once it is executed.
The preferences are removed when the App is uninstalled.
From : After a thread has ownership of a critical section, it can make additional calls to EnterCriticalSection or TryEnterCriticalSection without blocking its execution.
You can readily get tix right now and the Bobcats office staff offers a plethora of promotions and discounts to get the community involved.
As the pictures will show, the servings/portions are plentiful.
Seriously, one of the best meals I've had, period.
\n\nThe overall experience was wonderful: great staff, great people, and a great setup.
My search stored procedures would build the SQL code to perform the search, using pagination just like you have it (WITH with a ROW_NUMBER(), etc.).
I was going to use the following, but found that it returns the path to the EXE that has loaded the DLL, not the DLL path:
This place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk.
The eggs were done perfectly and I although I had never had cream cheese on eggs before, it was delicious!!
if you are using XAMPP then first ("stop") MySQL Then go to C:\xampp\mysql\data\dnb where in my case dnb is my database name folder.
now in my late 20's my mom and I still have a ritual of going out to shop and then to each grab a battleship for dinner at our separate homes at least once a month.
Overall, Luce is one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.
I stayed close to Malaysian cuisine with steamed Vegetable Potiah appetizer and Tofu Sambal.
how will I erase or to make the border invisible of the cell that I completed using table.completeRow() this is my code where I make an invisible border for the Merchant Column and complete the row, the Merchant column has no border, but the rest of the row had, I don't know to make it invisible.
Based on the answer here: ...I'm trying to begin by adding code based on that found here: ...namely by adding this to \App_Code\Functions.cshtml: HttpClient is not recognized, and does not afford a "resolve" context menu item.
So my question is how to compile or write the source file of the interface defined in , so that it is recognized by ?
Good place for a conversation, but very tiny.
Is it possible to add on to the list of existing files or would I need a new file input element?
It seems like it's slightly off, and I'm not sure why.
Can't imagine what it's like in the summer.
Then for each file, Iterate thru all the lines See if the current line starts with CONCLUSION: Do a substring on that line to get all the contents after the word CONCLUSION:
These folks are happy at their jobs....the food prep folks, cashiers, washroom attendants, and airline peeps working the gates must all be drinking the same joyful water!
And on top of it I am a sucker for ethnic restaurants that have good servers that can connect with customers.
I was about dead and crawling into the USO.
My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift.
The Penne Vodka that I ordered ended up being really good!
Overall with couple of drinks it costed me 50$ but it was worthwhile i would say\n\nService was very professional and attentive, and the overall ambience was awesome.\n\nI would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good sushi.
To end the meal we chose the coconut cake with pineapple mango gelato which had a little kick of spice.
Javascript program, if statement difficulties this code does not work, at least not complete way it should.
I didn't find a good example in the spring security documentation.
\n\nYes, I did hear some sirens.
In your table, the partitionkey and rowkey are just assigned with a random string.
Using new for-loop with constant iterators.
Can't beat the price in downtown Pittsburgh, 16 inch for $10.50.
My shrimp and grits were ok but the shrimp was bland and the skin on my sausage was hard.
Everything about the dish was perfect.
b) Combine this with VALUE, like This yields to a date number 41220 (from start of counting, as determined by ; mine is set to option '1899-12-30').
I wish I was able to frequent this place more often, because it really is a wonderful restaurant where plenty of Asian cultures and cuisines come together.
Setting ASP.NET Cache control headers In my asp.net forms app.
I making a network call and parsing the JSON response.
We stayed in the B&B for the Memorial day weekend.
I'd also pass on the cheesesteak next time.
Run app with a clean database everytime I'm creating an app which uses a database.
GCC - error while compiling I try to create an exe program, by compiling codes in assembler and C: gcc -m32 aaa aaa.s aaa.c And I get an error: gcc: aaa : No such file or directory In C file a only include stdio.h.
Additionally, consider XSLT , the special purpose transformation language that can directly transform XML to CSV even parsing from other XML files using its function.
I think you can take Sinan's code and combine it with this to expand the form's width and height to match the image size.
To use textures in OpenGLES 2.0, you just sample them in your shader, there's no need to enable anything.
For example the method in the class.
and paragraph 11 as none of the other apply: A glvalue expression of type can be cast to the type “reference to ” if an expression of type “pointer to ” can be explicitly converted to the type “pointer to ” using a .
Aroma suffused our consciousness and we all just became mindless, visceral things.\nAt the upstairs bar, this long swan of a bartendress was commanding the room, elegantly and fluidly fetching glasses from the overhead rack, snatching mixers from the under-counter cooler, upturning bottles and dispensing drafts, all motions in succession, all so swift and natural, like something perfectly choreographed and rehearsed.
Typically, each thread's stack is allocated when that thread is created.
Honestly, no or at least not that I've run across.
Greens, tees and fairways were slightly, if it all, above average.
Possible to add custom properties on a $resource factory?
Does ending the worker proc close the handle?
Just in the past 5 years, CLT has expanded the terminal, added new parking decks, and refurbished the baggage claim area (which is MUCH better than it used to be).
I prefer the XXL Grilled stuffed burrito - chicken or steak, it doesn't matter.
I understand there are so many 'could have's here, but you would certainly agree that it would have opened a door to allow developers messing up the security of many resources either intentionally or un-intentionally.
But be aware that it works fine for SP2010, SP2013 but not in SP Online.
Obviously in reality method1() and method2() are not empty functions.
Is it possible in Z's constructor to put Z at the end of X's list Yes, if Z has access to X's list.
Would this put a heavy load on the phone to constantly check for the status of the Wifi connection?
I appreciate a place that used San Marzano tomatoes, real buffalo mozzarella, huge sprigs of basil, , etc.
The following seems to be a reasonable solution: but my main concern has to do with this statement in the documentation: "If this handle is closed while the wait is still pending, the function's behavior is undefined." When do handles get closed?
Lots of areas to study including the lounges which are hidden off to the side.
..or just output stuff after processing.
Other stuff like onion rings for $2.
He also let me know that he'd be working with his IT resources to make sure the web site works correctly in the future.
I am a freelance programmer and often I will register a domain name for a client under a domain name reseller (and of course under my account).
See for a full explanation of how REN handles wildcards.
I am confused as to what I am doing wrong, since I am not getting any or Errors.
The dishes come out hot, no waiting, the service staff is like a tag team and they all share duties to get the food to you once its ready.\n\nThe quality of the food was impeccable and the 5 course presentation was really enjoyable...
I have a tendency to almost always order the ginger house salad, forgetting that the dressing has a slight bitterness to it that isn't my favorite...
Issue resolved after SP1 installed (again).
You know what I mean, you walk in and see all this dingy looking stuff that you see potential in.
They have amazing cheesecakes, breakfast options and yummy sammies.
However, I'd like to know for sure that what I do is appropriate.
This is a regular stop of mine because I work on the strip in Pittsburgh.
When you open a file in text mode, Python chooses your computer's default encoding, and it will decode everything you read using that, and encode everything you write with it.
To go from an DateTime in the "Excel Format" to a C# Date Time you can use the In your example above: To write it out for display in the desired format, use: If you are wondering where the discrepancies in Excel's date handling come from, it's supposed to be on purpose: When Lotus 1-2-3 was first released, the program assumed that the year 1900 was a leap year even though it actually was not a leap year.
If you close it before returning to the startingpoint, you get the desired smooth shape touching all given points.
postgresql UPDATE error " ERROR: invalid input syntax for type boolean: " I'm trying to make a simple update query on postgresql.
In the original program, calling and (with any amount of time) in a loop 16 times caused send to fail with a signal.
Depending on the type of problem you find interesting you could do some processing of , take all you holiday photo's and try to detect in them.
To change the permissions for a file or folder in cpanel, please do the following: Click File Manager Click the name of the file for which you would like to change the permissions.
The patio is very pleasant in the summer.
Good bar and the food is ok not remarkable but good.
Let's say I have an html: And my main.js And my app1 looks like this (based on official AngularJS documentation here ) How does $scope.value passed in scope in directive so that I can do some manipulations there?
It does appear that the list needs to be updated.
I enjoy this much better than any Starbucks in the city.
A lot of what I have recently read about SMS uses a specification of 140 octet characters, where most uses of SMS I am aware of use 160 septet characters.
I agree with most of the others here.
But I kept changing my mind because I really wanted other veggies that don't come with the cashew chicken.
How does Android different between multiple components that have same action and category?
See How to Use Progress Bars for details.
I also tried to extend to have access to method and call it before getting the value : it makes no difference.
The french toast was made with the best Italian bread.
Overall, I liked my experience with the store.
Getting the default value of the switch is my issue.
Definitely a fan, however I can only make it to D&D occasionally....
While I was there, I watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.
No complaints and this one is much less sketchy than the one on Park.
Everytime I run the compiler it gives me the error ("invalid types 'char[int]'for array subscripts").Also if any one knows how to pass variables inside a class so that I may be able to have the board display the user move;That would be greatly appreciated.
We then ordered the rice pancakes, which were loaded with shrimp and tofu.
\n\nThe last time I went, they had a special where two people could have filets and split a lobster.
Or does someone understand Ext's layout engine well enough to give me some pieces of advice on how to track down this kind of error?
Please see the given below example Click Here For Example click on the example link After loading add the Text on T-shirt Write Some Text in side teh added teztfield and make it done.
If you like a nuttier bread, their Dakota is chocked full of pepitas and sunflower seeds.
It smelled divine, and not overpowering or like it had something to cover up.
It's like that long ride on the turnpike when you already passed the last rest stop for 50 miles.
You'll probably find what you're looking for here and if not they'll be happy to place an order and get it shipped to you.
I do recommend adding the armor all for dash and tires.
If you've got some spare time, there are some cute little shops and restaurants around the 'port and tons of conveniently located ATMs.
So, it was flounder, nicely grilled sitting on top of a black truffle risotto.
I need to be able to create these workspaces relatively quickly, without starting completely over each time, and in such a way that the environment does not vary across the workspaces, except of course for the fact that the branch/tags are different.
If you're just driving by and not stopping, you're missing out.
This is one of my fav Clt restaurants!!
I would recommend raising an event from within your worker Progress function to a handler on the UI thread.
After asking around, someone recommended using composition and interfaces.
That being said you could rather choose to favor a more radical design where you immediately resort to the destruction of the application domain (or depend on this pattern when the CLR is hosted).
Still, I've stayed at worse, and at $50 a night, the price is unbeatable.
I like this place because it usually isn't very crowded.
The delivery range is kind of small so I've never been able to get delivery and can't attest to the speed of that.
How should I handle determining whether an song belongs to a certain album?
When I click a tablecell in one TableView then I am unable to redirect it to another TableView and getting error:Program received signal SIGABRT.But if I want to load a UIView when a tablecell is clicked it gets executed perfectly.I couldn't understand where Am I going wrong....
Use to get the last inserted id.
We went to Prantl's and Potomac.
Very good, large portions, had leftovers for dinner.
If you are looking to get away, relax, have a romantic weekend, enjoy nature, this is a great place.
A lot of people have caught on and Randy raised the prices lately!
From the Remarks section of the documentation: The method has no effect other than to change the compile-time type of source from a type that implements to itself.
After summitting the first wall I was exhilarated,overcoming my fear of heights and using my brain and muscles to find my way to the top.
What do I do to make the slide bar return to normal state when I switch pages?
Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.
If I have my way, I will stay in a Lexus and the product makes it easy to be a returning customer.
I am new to VBA coding.
\n\nPlease note my first sentence above, which reads \""great place to get the evening started.\"" You do not want to be there late, as the college fights break out, choke holds are placed, and the bouncers are just generally bitchy.
The worksheet is a chart with variable number of columns and rows.
She's great, and I wasn't about to give up on her just because she moved to a nicer salon that happens to be substantially cheaper than the old place.
Cornbread, fried chicken, pork chops, salmon cakes, beef ribs, shrimp and grits, red beans, mac n cheese.
Wrap your content inside a ScrollView
The problem I'm facing is that the background of the gridview paints the whole screen and not just that 180px I specified in the XML (thus blocking my background pic specified in the LinearLayout).
as If i place more delay between ACTION_DOWN and ACTION_UP , the event is detected as longClickPress ...
Anyway, I ordered the 10 oz.
Oh Flying Saucer how have I not reviewed you yet?
They offered convenient appointment hours for me to stop in over my lunch hour.
They have fountains right out front and large plants out on the terrace to create a nice relaxing feel.
Well worth the money and experience to try out sushi and hibachi.
Here is a conceptual view of the code which may help understand where I'm coming from.
However, if you love your cat(s), this is the place to be.
I will drive past at least three other Chinese restaurants to get takeout from Shanghai.
jQuery - Event for when an attribute of a node changes I have a webpage with an external javascript library, and my own extra code.
If you want fancy food, this isn't the place for you.
They have several shows per day that teach about animals, let kids touch and feel aquatic life, there is an aquarium portion, a rainforest to explore.
It loops over an array of elements of a custom struct that holds the word and the number of occurrences.
About two minutes later the owner was back and ready to take our order.
This is a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon.
Lately, I've moved to the organic sumatran, and really want to try the kona; I'm confident they'll be around for awhile, and I'll be headed back.
I think the bar food is great (try the spudsters!)
BUT, even though this place is a little darker, a little more \""aged\"" as I'll lovingly put it...
and doesn't provide you success/failure reporting just like you trying to implement it.
Food wise its a chick fil a, so not great.
Great for a quick eat in or massive take out.
I don't want to turn it off on all items.
After some tests, it seems that I have to do two modifications: Add the line in my file; Remove the in the file.
\n\nHave been going to Great Wall for the past 12 years and no Chinese place in Charlotte has come close to replacing it.\n\nFood has always been good and is always consistent.
The 1st time I have ever ate at this location.
You are not just giving permissions to one directory, but you are giving it to each and every subdirectory that you find inside that folder.
Don't like them to be honest because they are preventing me learning some really nice Linux commands :) It's just a joke.
Android Personal Dictionary App Issues I am trying to write a personal dictionary application on android platform.
betcha a cat would go ape in a place like this.
We were hungry and following the GPS.
My favorite thing to do is people watch and from the cozy rocking chair in the busy corrider well.
Comfortable and restful before the drive home.
Expecting it would come with that same bland and over salty white sauce.
size: 1 capacity 1 - No elements have been copied, the cost per element for copies is 0.
You have to use method from fetchGraph or else return data from success method of .
And besides you need test data set too that will make you sure the result network will do good even for similarity values it didn't see during training.
One option is to have .jar/.aar file packaged.
I've had cheese and crackers, bruschetta, cole cuts crackers and cheese, etc..\n\nThe menu isn't too bad either.
Javascript dont have classes But you can systemise your code.Javascript inheritance is totally different from that of othe oop languages.
Here's my server code Client code I've marked on the code where the error is appearing.
Any place where I can crack up, cut up, let my hair down and be loose is a place I love to be.
came through for us after all and I have to admit that it was a 100 times better than the hotel room in New York City where I had a lovely view of the air shaft!
It is family friendly and usually has some kind of event going on every so many months.
However, I don't see any proper option in FlashDevelop.
Since is a , you know is a .
I'd arranged a dinner with my mother in a fancy effort to spring the news on her that I wanted to move out of my college dorm the following year and into a co-ed fraternity house.
It included a hot stone massage, calf massage, and the nail technician did excellent work.
(i.e : When I log out from Customer area, I should stay logged-in in Admin area) Update : I know can be a workaround for this, but I'm afraid of the security risks it might impose.
You should declare the variable without its definition in the header the following way and then for example in main.cpp define it like
Compared to other airports I like CLT!
It's the best burger in the 'Burgh, hands down!
My question is concerning how I could replicate this feature to make it function the same way in older legacy browsers, while still maintain the ability to have the chat section take up the remaining space between the header and footer without affecting the viewport height.
Does anyone have parsing rules for the Notepad++ Function List plugin for Ruby and Rake I'me using Notepad++ for editing rake files and I'd like to be able to use the function list plugin.
I have application contex file as below: And I am invoking and load the configuration from java as below: Can you please somebody helps to how to overcome this issue in UNIX.
Each G-WAN script is compiled separately .
Whenever I ask for an item to be done at a certain time they will get it done.
It appeared that root was my project pom.xml file with dependency: Other members of the team had no problems.
I usually eat healthy, well-balanced meals.
The obvious disadvantage with this approach is that you are not testing your actual config, and that you are duplicating the destination prefixes.
I would like to have a proper full lint check before releasing.
The basic structure looks something like this: My problem: I really dislike having to expose the namespace of each sub-module to the rest of the library.
I need a way to validate the tree, beyond the test cases for the outcomes.
It was coming off the grill in the time it took me to walk over.
\n\nOne thing I really like is that you sign up and register upon entry and they automatically send you your race times and place number to your email along with giving you a print out.
He was more amused by his reflection in the table than that little pinch behind the shoulder blade.
The final implementation must support restriction of the input in the textfield.
Currently I'm using get set methods in the event handlers to set parameter levels for a particular instance of the array list, I would like to pass this instance into another class to generate the data but don't know how to make it accessible.
Besides lunch and dinner, they also serve breakfast all day.
Because I downloaded all the latest version including GWT milestone release.
This is what scans the phone for new media and stores it in the Android media database.
The marinara that came with the meatball was the best I have ever had.\n\nDon't go here if you are in a rush, because the entire dining experience will take several hours.
Clean rooms, comfy beds and nice staff.
Usually, I should be able to dismiss the modal by clicking elsewhere or on the close button of the modal.
But my greatest excitement came from the soda fountain.
My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi.
I'd like to do something similar on my own website, where the user would click on the input, and a list of javascript populated suggestions would pop out (or the list of past searches together with my suggestions).
well, if you are reffering to the highlighted button in the second image, it doesn't have active class, it's a non-active class.
Same code in Codepen giving diffferent results I have this pen: with the following javascript code: and html code: that I forked from somebody that works and one that I created myself with the same exact code and settings that doesn't work.
If the operation in (1) succeeded (presumably meaning if it matched any elements) then the classname should be , otherwise .
If you use the jquery ui datepicker, the compatibility issue should be taken care of for you.
My friend recommended asking for the potatoes to be \""crispy\"" and I'm glad I did.
Actually it was straight-forward selenium code:
I used the selector (ul li div) and used animate(), I tested a simple moving to the left, but it is not working.
I love my Greek Omelette with Gyro!!
Great food staff and the place is clean.
I like this place it provides a great atmosphere and can handle big groups.
And in what situation will bodies move slowly - when the chosen timestep size is pretty small, forces exerted + initial momentum on bodies is small.
\n\nI ordered a special, which apparently changes at weekly or monthly.
But let me tell you--their Fresh Cut Rose perfume is literally man bait.
What I've tried to do already (failures): strace the application and filter the results (let's say if the application showed the message "Hello, user", i would log all the outputs to a test file and search for "Hello") ltrace the application debug the application with dbg search for debug methods on C/C++ apps What I've got from this last method is that programs usually log errors and messages through a stream.
I just need to see where I can purchase one of those additional stomachs and an extra-stretchy pair of pajama jeans.
Can I use regular java syntax to develop JavaFX application?
How to invert drag rotation in A-Frame?
Instead, its behavior is like a that of a bowling-alley pinsetter removing deadwood between throws: the pinsetter grabs all the pins that are still standing, lifts them off the surface of the lane, and then runs the sweeper bar across the lane without regard for how many pins are on that surface.
ps: has a member function to decide whether the string is RightToLeft or not.
As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated...
So, for example, it's fine to show a binary association if (a) it helps you and/or (b) it helps you communicate with other team members.
I now want to not only get notified, when the dragging starts but also when it get's interrupted (by pressing or dropping somewhere in the void).
My husband had a butter burger and fries.
You should start with an ORDERINVOICE table which has both the order id and the invoice ID.
app.php: app_dev.php: in the autoload.php I added our legacy classes to the loader:
This is the argument between those who say they are not the same thing and those who say they are.
Bob's special was very tasty, German potato pancakes were a little under cooked but great tasting.
I think, if you delte the position: absolute; on the #nav-wrapper{} it is no more overlapping.
The documentation states that that property holds the actual location of the last saved media content.
However, she later became much more warm, accessible, attentive, and helpful towards the middle and end of the meal.
Fries so good that even touching them with ketchup or BBQ would be such a crime that I would \""soup nazi\"" the rest of your meal.
I love those burgers, and I'll stop here every single time I'm in Champaign, which isn't often enough.
I love the color and cut!!
Bouldering routes are labeled from VB and V0 (easiest) all the way up to the insanely difficult V7 and V8, while the top roping routes are labeled from Easy to Hard.\n \nPricing is reasonable, especially on Wednesdays, which is ladies night--$6 to climb (after your first visit).
I would like to use "prefix" parameter to have different id in my rendered template like that : My first form : My second form : I my view, I instantiate forms : but it doesn't work, see console log : So it doesn't call my form_valid method...
It makes the whole block smell wonderful!
my current class Another function which seems pretty good and thread safe
who mentioned that Village Pizza had moved to 815 S.
Add some excellently carved prime rib onto that you got some good eats.
There is a lot of junk out there, always treat "codec packs" with strong distrust.
It doesn't work because the variable value is initially created from an asynchronous http call, so at the time the directive is created, there is no value.
Server : 2) Client : 3).
This place is old school burgers, fries and shakes; and they are good at what they do!
It took a while for our server to come back into the room but once he did we waved him down and he promptly brought out silverware for us.
Every time I have been there since it has been really crowded and I've had trouble finding a seat.
There was no filler, as many crab cakes have, and the salsa and chipotle sauce really complimented the dish.
You may be able to parse it from the .
I have created a simple website app wrapped via Cordova and Crosswalk and it displays a black screen when reopening I have created a simple website app wrapped via Cordova and Crosswalk and it displays a black screen when reopening I used Intel XDK.
EDIT Comment out those two lines as indicated.
Also, the response is immediate, so I am pretty sure that the HTTP library is throwing the exception, not the server.
Prior to finding Geno Como, I could never get the correct looking highlights/lowlights until I found Lisa here (I'm 44!).
I have an online ClickOnce application that launches from a web page.
Examples: For ssl certificates, using selenium RC, I have 2 methods: Selenium profile (where I have saved the acceptance of ssl certificate) and parameter while starting selenium rc.
Green blazer came back and told us it'd be a bit of wait and recommended we hit the upstairs bar.
But here is the struggle : By default, AF_APP_EXTENSIONS is correctly added into my 6 app_extensions.
He discovered SAC and urged us to take him there.\n\nThis is home to the largest collection of relics open to the public in the world and to a life-sized version of statuary of the Stations of the Cross.
So I decided to use Vim (latest version, 7.4) with Suite-Latex.
The page I'm working with is my personal site and I'd like to apply this same type of keyboard navigation on all the pages on my site.
GooglePlaces api to get information about stores iphone application In my iPhone application, i want to show nearest stores to given latitude and longitude.
here is the code i used: thank you in advance
After dining over at the EpiCenter, a big group of hard-partying folks decided that we wanted to have a few more adult beverages before calling it a night.
I have added the hostport for port 443.
When I click the Submit button and the model state is not valid the page will show the validation error but the data from the model is no longer there!
You can edit output name from project Right click on Library in netbeans Open Properties Build->Archiver->Output.
Its not an error, It is a warning.
literally right down the street from my house so in the summer time i can entertain guests by taking them here.
;)\n\nThe menu consists of different sundaes, floats, splits as well as regular ice cream & treats (i heard one girl order a \""Pecan Ball\"" I've never heard of it, but it looked delish.)\n\nBobby ordered the Amaretto Sundae which comes with...
Instead read from the class path and make the image a resource by packaging it into the class path Change your file structure Read from class path.
I must say, I was very pleased with this place, especially given its location.
Don't come here if you want greasy, nasty cheap Chinese food.
But I get attached to shoes, so a good shoe repair place is a must-find for me in a new city.\n\nUllrich's is awesome.
Edit: Following suggestions by Stefan, the following parameters worked for my computer: It returns a random call stack with the top-most method varying around to .
Selecting all tables with no records I need to display all tables that have zero records.
Girls in my office had been recommending Modern for months, but I decided to take my chances elsewhere.
One person can scarf down two (delicious) Chicago dogs long before their partner receives their (equally delicious) calzone.
Checkout took less than 30 seconds.
libqxt installation problem - features.path warning I use Qt SDK 1.1.1 (everything installed exept experimental category) on Windows 7 and I'm trying to set up libqxt libaries for this enviroment.
Maybe one day I'll get a full-fledged membership!
I want to return a list of object by matching on specified items in the metadata.
The default behavior of ViewSwitcher, as inherited by ViewAnimator, is to consider all child views on layout, which will result in the ViewSwitcher occupying the space of the largest child.
I have been going to Max's for 20 years.
It's considered fairly standard "best practice" for testing web services.
For accounting timezone and daylight saving time changes, the object needs to be timezone aware, i.e.
He is definitely the reason my wife and I come back so often, but the variety and quality of the buffet is great, too.
It was amazing and I definitely could have eaten ten of those!
Quick, friendly, great car selections and they give you the option to choose which car you would like from their lot.
But they might be able to buy and download the app using iTunes on their Mac or PC.
It happens because of the padding.
Had String been mutable, 'user1' could have logged into using his credentials and then somehow could have managed to change the name of his password filename (a String object) from 'password1' to 'password2' before JVM actually places the native OS system call to open the file.
Small but enjoyable museum that's perfect for a fun afternoon with the kids.
By default, an operation object that has dependencies is not considered ready until all of its dependent operation objects have finished executing.
While running the program I'm getting the exception: Can anyone please suggest how to resolve this issue?
The Jet Room and some decent dinner food.
Without knowing the details of your situation I would hazard a guess that you are better off just loading the data from the database on every request.
Heuristics are algorithms, so in that sense there is none, however, heuristics take a 'guess' approach to problem solving, yielding a 'good enough' answer, rather than finding a 'best possible' solution.
\n\nI've also had the buffalo chicken salad and it's piled high.
The array_agg/unnest function returned: The WHILE function returned: UPDATE 2: vs.
If you have more than one person in your group, all the better since they can be on the look-out for a coveted table.
Tasty food with traditional italian seasoning.
One of my favorites for breakfast or Brunch.
This produces If the intent is to use the Java API for other things at a later point, see the Java API unsat core example .
But for some reason, it always NSLogs as "0" and I can't figure out why.
Once they are closed, you will have to initiate another connection.
I used Joined strategy when I wanted to implement a Data Model from the class diagram.
2 The C standard says (C99 and C11 (n1570) 6.3.1.3 p.3) “[…] either the result is implementation-defined or an implementation-defined signal is raised.” I don’t know of any implementation raising a signal in this case.
All I got from this is that it looks like all the images are loaded in one and than the images spread to all the other (I'm not completely sure that my implementation of the technique and Custom is correct).
Example: In python 3: New in version 3.2.
I have been working here for 2 1/2 years, always cater events and this was, by far, the best catering I have ever received!!!\n\nOkay, so the staff was very friendly, professional and timely (# 1), the display looked great and we had zero issues with quantity....those are things I expect out of most catering companies......the biggest thing you worry about is the quality and freshness of catered food.
It's just a way to be able to access the same instance of a class from anywhere.
I talked to them about using my PPO Insurance Benefits from my company to make a prescription glass and they helped me out confirming if the eye exam and the insurance are covered under the insurance.
I've tried aligning the puzzle table to the left using absolute, fixed and relative positioning with left: 0.
So, what do you recomend me to do?
Musashi holds a special place in my heart and I can't believe I haven't blown up their yelp page with my review!
You can of course have nested terms, that is terms as subterms of other terms.
All tasted great and it was unfair because I got my favorite meat and cheese with perfect other stuff in sandwich.
I've tried adding to the text div, but that didn't work.
Main courses were lamb burger with caramelized onions and provolone (tremendous flavor), the impeccable seafood stew and the salmon, also lovely.
Nathan Fish did my boyfriend's tattoo and it turned out amazing.
What I have is a game with a lot of buttons, when you press a button it spawns an UILabel which animates to the top of the screen where is gets "added" to the total point amount, this is done by using 3 nested blocks.
My question is do i need to release previously assigned rootViewController?
For PCM Audio, a packet often contains 1 frame, but for compressed audio it will be larger.
Can I produce native executables with OCamlBuild which can run in computers which don't have OCaml libraries?
\n\nI am a fan of the food.
Most of the other clients are Korean, yes.
Here's the important bits of what the pages look like.
I really loved that they offered cash discounts.
Since the pointer is initialized to , use the first and subsequent times.
So actually replace with a generic and you're good to go.) So we must have parallel execution of the two arrows here.
We were immediately seated, so far so good.
The beef ribs fall off the bone and the mac n cheese is the real deal, no boxed stuff here!
They have some type of food every night, but their Friday fish fry is worth going.
I had the same problem and my issue was that I copied my autofac configuration from a MVC project and was registering my dependencies with .
NewRelic reporting when using Rack::Timeout We're running in an environment (Heroku) in which requests longer than 30 seconds will be interrupted.
Liferay: Change URL Format for document links inside of web content (journal article) Is it possible to change the URL Format for document links inside of web content (journal article).
So, for example, Secretary 'works for' Manager.
I tend to launch Eclipse and STS from the command line.
I don't get to Madison often but I am sure that if the next trip is near a meal time I know where I'll stop, Smoky Jon's.
I had my sample and I want more!
But they add this subtle nutty crunch that is outstanding.
I've gone over the tutorial a hundred times and I have no idea what could be the problem.
As a result what ever you changing in $(this) will get hoisted to top of the function.
\n\nService varies between pretty good and very good.
How to specify the number of parallel tasks executed in Parallel.ForEach?
I paid the amount I was quoted on the phone earlier, they took my car in, did the work, and I was done in under 30 minutes.
My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!
Define the CompilerPass Define the Extension Define the Service Include the Extension and CompilerPass in your bundle Container Results:
My personal fav is the Blarney Skillet sans peppers and onions.
I will edit my answer with the full explanation once I'm on my laptop
Getting two gyros and a huge amount of fries for only $10 is a steal.
They are extensive, free and pretty good.
Object Comparison using if else | Operator Overloading I have to two based upon different criteria, explained below.
A spicy little sauce was plated along with it, and the mix was really tasty.
Can someone take a look at the logcat or problems log and let me know if you can tell what is causing the issue at this point?
Equipment is top of the line.
Very much enjoyed my dinner at Carpe Diem.
Have you tried Edit: To invoke the static method, you will need to do something like: This will depend on your method and its parameters.
CIL and JVM Little endian to big endian in c# and java I am using on the client C# where I am converting double values to byte array.
You should limit your packets to the MTU on the path between the two ends (typically in the region of 1500 bytes or less) so that you don't get fragmentation in the IP layer.
I had leftovers today!\n\nThe service was friendly and fast, and the food was delicious (if not quite as fabulous as Woodlands).
Several times a year, I go to visit her and we make the trek to Sesame Inn.
They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week.
He's a picky eater so if he says something like that I trust that the food is good.
Unlike my usual stops (Chicago, Washington, Newark), I have never had an issue in Charlotte.
Food was excellent and our server was exceptional.
cleaning and hotel services also left me satisfied.
My sister had the dish several times before and said it didn't taste the same.
I'm not sure what I'm missing.
As you have found, list directed io (using as the format specifier) has some surprising features - one of them being that the slash character ( ) in input means "stop reading here and leave remaining variables in the IO list as they were".
The model looks like the following: Now my biggest doubt is how do I go on from here to show the banner list?
\n\nYes, the cave is like a candy shop.
I did sit at the bar.
Obviously, this is very inefficient when dealing with multiple products if I have to query for every product.
\n\nIt's definitely comparable to Coffee Tree Roasters a few storefronts down, and definitely better than Starbucks.
Try replacing s0,...,s8 initialization with simple read_imagef calls.
\n\nRoom was clean, large, ready when promised.
Here's an example of a post generated by the above code: And here's an example of a post generated on the page itself: Clearly there's a lot more happening with the form's post than is the case with mine.
If no, does there exist such an independent string format for date time?
My wife, Liz is a foodie who loves to entertain.
Now the issue is I was using predefined html for displaying my error messages instead of making jquery validator to create a new html for error message for example: Using jQuery Validator 1.9.0 and it was working fine.
I have this code when I execute compiled code with command ./a.out 6 it prints number 54, but I need exactly 6.
Have tried to stretch the banner width but it didn't work out.
I mean "belongs_to NULL" can't belong to anything, right?
(In other words, passing in 0 will be useless.
Have I missed something from the API?
So how can I force the class to load at runtime so NSClassFromString or objc_getclass will not return nil?
\n\nBobby and I brought a friend here last night because he said he had never been.
\nOddly the build your own salads are pretty good as well.
\n\nIt took them about 15 minutes including the test drive up the street, which was to check my steering wheel.
Therefore, the regular expression matching algorithm has to back track: Now, the same happens for the rest of the string: Backtracking tends to happen with the and expression since they're so loose.
As file always should end with a particular string.
I would use the provided utility sqldump to do this.
The only issue we had was I told them 45 minutes they showed up with 10 minutes.
The dining room is very nice and feels like it should be pricey.\n\nWe've had great service every time we've been.
Also my subview from other class is viewdidload in mainView (View = [[View alloc] initWithFrame:CGRectMake(0, 40, 300, 300)];)
Who knew this little gem was located Uptown?
They use the most high quality and best part of the fish so every single bite keeps you wanting more.
\nThe place was pretty hoppin, lots of drunk girls having a blast.\n\nWe pulled up to the bar and had a few drinks.
Now in wicket 1.5, page map is gone, and I can't figure out how to dot that.
If you are looking for someone quick and not a honeymoon stay lol this is it!
It was beautifully tender at medium rare and spiced just right.
\n\nSo the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find.
Our bill, including tip, was $20.
Check this line in your onCreate() method: you can not get the string value of a ListView!
The sauce they were tossed in was very mild and simple.
Once the content loads, I'd like to size the height of the div element based on what content was returned.
I usually get 2 all the way with a Pepsi.
I have tried two ways for this that works: and:
When changing the data types from xts to numeric, the problem went away and the speed of processing increased dramatically.
This is the typoscript section of the "new ts" of the extension tt_news As you can see there is "append.data = register:newsMoreLink"...
Slow Small Webpack 2 Build - Tree Shaking - Sass - Chunking I've put together a very basic webpack 2 build, but it seems to be slow for the project size.
But as you said, if you know the size of the list in the beginning, you can easily initialize it to make it more optimized.
Service is excellent Evan though she never brought me my lemon for my water.
The corners.png file is definitely required.
Their burgers are also delicious, especially with pimento cheese.
I want to return the ename in text box and show the code only when I choose from list
It was a bit weird and kind of looked like the remains of an old person's garage sale.
(Supporting 2.3, preferably) Here is the same question with good answer too : And here is the more or less good way to reach what I want (but it's grey):
If they do, they will gladly put it on hold for you at the front desk for up to a week at NO CHARGE!
I would recommend her to anyone.
To troubleshoot I created a page (quick and dirty using and ) that shows the results of the original stored procedure showing all contracts.
But $24 for a chicken ramen dish...
Upon arriving at the door, I could see that the place was hopping, all tables full and plenty of couples waiting to be seated.
If I type the following into Terminal I can accomplish everything I want: I'd like to create the same as an alias in my .
Bring a few friends and split a pie.
You may use : Note: In applications that connect an InterBaseExpress dataset to a client dataset, every query must be in its own transaction.
should after clause And as other comment said, you should consider use to avoid SQL Injection
It was just the best of the flavors in tomato sauce, amplified.
Each of the button starts new Form in which user can do anything he likes (like time consuming database calls etc).
Another answer assuming IEEE : It works as specified for the input values you asked for (exactly 1 bit set) and also has useful behavior for other values (try to figure out exactly what that behavior is).
Mathias for annual physicals and minor maladies for nearly 10 years.
The concessions stands do take credit cards.
for example: IndexLargeSeq([110001111100000000001111111111110000000000000000000000000000000]) will return 21 - which is the index of the first 1 of the longest sequence of 1s.
dont need to return false.user Must know at once what erors are in form.
code is given bellow } when we see console they show the following error giving bellow when we see debugger they show error in following line I am not able to solve that problum plz help me.
It's a beautiful building with a very manageable size.
Some comments requested further details about what I commented out to resolve this issue.
My tips here is just try the demo first using all of your own browser.
I didn't even know diners served this vast variety of food.
The following code will correlate your data into one row for each pair of slots at each date/time.
and, it binds rows in the loop.
Is it identifying which workspace is loaded by which component ?
But why does writing to the index of "b" change the id.
Thus, all your views and models will automatically operate in the correct time zone.
Its like having Facebook SDK integrated with other apps where one when click on "Login with Facebook" facebook UI comes up.
You can cast to a , but modifications will throw .
I'm always a fan of a pliable crust with a thin layer of mildly sweet sauce and a THICK layer of cheese.
Great place to go and dance, and there's plenty of eye candy.
PEP 8 is pretty much "the root" of all common style guides.
What would be even better would be a web-based version of these programs.
With above statement, I have the following output: I tried add the WHERE after the date_available, then I got no result out.
Edited to add example When you do a "range of revisions" merge, you are picking individual CHANGES to cherry-pick over into your merge destination.
Seriously could have served a whole Italian family, that's how much mozzarella was squished in there.
Spring REST MultipartFile file is always null when do upload file Why I always get the file value is null, I've configure the multipart support,see below,
The call to Sleep suspends the current server thread, so of course your response is going to take five seconds to come back.
In addition to Boltclock's answer, there's a difference in how css walks through the DOM, which can have an effect on the processing speed of the stylesheet.
My problem is getting the list to show the steps for only the currently selected game.
If my server doesn't forget an item they forget about our table, and on the last trip we had a new girl who couldn't answer very many of our questions about the menu.
Did you change the SDK location?
(This was originally a comment) You seem to miss what the point of pseudo code is.
I have a not that simple question this time.
When it does succeed, the app is launched onto the correct route, however the mediarouter menu item (the one used to select routes traditionally) is not updated, it still remains in the disconnected state.
Hoegaarden on tap\nWhen you're in an Uptown mood\nRi Ra is the bomb
I would like to execute some others command after network configuration
Upon successful configuration of SMTP server mails will be sent successfully sent through php scripts.
Excellent food and good portions for the price.
My only negative experience at Giant Eagle was with the Kosher deli associate who wasn't at all helpful along these lines.
Nested mongoose Schema giving trouble when trying to query in controller I'm working on a small project and I have a solution to this problem, but it involves creating a new Schema with a reference to the new Schema in the old Schema.
This flavor is pretty close to the traditional butter pecan.
Of course it's a dirty variant.
EDIT : Including Marko's comment as an alternate solution.
Dipped in tamarind sauce they were downright heavenly.
I ended up going with the 4 due to the Indian tea that they had - hard to find at any buffet!.
I set the image into the textbox background, and then when i try to insert some word into the login box, the words will overide the human logo(image B).
Clean, flavorful, close in proximity, priced right, friendly service, food comes out quickly, and they're probably the only ones open til 10pm!
Group by , and take the 1st item from each customer orders:
I will leave my review there!
It was linking my commits, but not since the past week or so, and it has a "(?)" tooltip saying: This email will not be used for commit blame My real email address is verified and blamable, but I want to keep it private.
plus they have a little shop with peruvian gifts, including an incas vs.
Authentic Japanese food in an otherwise nondescript location.
In the layout the has: If I want to get the background color in code I can just use: This gives me a object directly without worrying about getting the color from a .
Below is my simple code for animation.
Overall the food was fantastic, flavorful, delicious and served just right.
Even when we go when not a lot of customers are there, the service still seems to be slow.
They do have a parking garage, but you still have to wait in a line to get there because you're waiting for other people to park/reverse out of their space in front of you.
My environment is OS X 10.6.11, Eclipse Indigo, PyDev 2.7.1, Python 2.6 and 3.3.
I've been going to Dor-Stop for years (well before the DDD crowd arrived).
Flights are usually pretty much on time unless there is a major thunderstorm passing through the area.\n\nI chose to travel on an airline other than USAIR, which \""owns\"" this place, and everything went quite well.
No exaggeration, we probably come here once every other weekend.
To quote a wise Russian: CRY SOME MORE.)\n\nAnyway, back to the sandwich:\n\nI got a platter with fries, slaw, and the sandwich.
Had dinner here on the night of Feb 28th.
An hour later I had a new tire, with a great warranty and free roadside assistance x 3.
During their sunday brunch they will also make omlets on demand with all sorts of different fillings and toppings.
Represent Runner competitors using Java multithreading I need to represent 10 runner who run on a 100 meter track , and display the winner ( who finishes the track first ) and the time he took to finish the track .
WOW!\n\nIt was cool to say the least, imagining the terrified slaves packed into the \""secret\"" cellar, with its curved brick walls.
This is a great blog help you understand how partitionkey and rowkey work
check your property of the cell, make sure it's not assign.
It's a version of the semantic web idea.
uint8_t VS uint32_t different behaviour I am currently working on project where I need to use uint8_t.
We didn't try any of the beers on tap since we still had a lot of driving ahead of us.
The other thing I love is a good heating and cooling system that evenly cooled the room.
so then open it and delete .ibd file hence you can only delete it when you already stop MYsql .
I need to remove this NULL from the List where I load this ResultSet.
Dear if you are working on a local server just like XAMPP or APPSERV or whatsoever you have to install mail server on you local machine and if you are working on a real host server make sure the the php setting in the server allow you to use mail function cuse many server has stop this function.
It would recognize it as a number and not a string, so it could never match a string value of an html attribute.
This gyro is definitely more spiced up than your chain restaurant gyro.
I've got to say that EVERYTHING was very tasty!
Dynamically setting bar graph values from a XML source I got some great help parsing some RSS into a menu yesterday using jQuery , and inspired by this I would like to use something similar to control some chart bars on a website.
I don't know how the j2me memory allocator works though, so I really don't know.
In most implementations I see that the core data stack inherits from NSObject, even in Apple's documentation.
What seems very mystifying and unclear, when you're trying to interpret the output, will seem very easy when you're stepping through it, and you can see everything.
It is like they are a surgeon and they are telling you the pros/cons of what needs to be done.\n\nThere is also no pressure to get services done to your vehicle.
Every turn that I needed to take was forbidden by either \""no left turn\"" or \""no right turn\"" signs.
All entrees, salads, apps and desserts can easily be shared.
\n\nThe decor and music was just as unique, artistic, and beautiful as the rest of the Big Burrito hot spots.
Always a pleasure to come here!
SQL server specially don't have any function to add and subtract time but if you need you can use By putting same date in each time
You need to think carefully about how to try and clean up when that happens.
The only significant change (that I'm aware of) is an addition in C99 regarding signed conversion.
Express & Passport with multiple subdomains I'm merging two little apps into one, that is supposed to be accessed via two subdomains.
base.OnLoad(e); } Trouble is when I view my site and look at the Net tab in the Firefox console to view the request/response headers I see a behavior as follows: a POST request/response for the page1.aspx which triggers a redirect (to page2.aspx) the response here contains the correct headers.
Now I want to know how the above statement executes.
I'm not sure whats going on exactly since I don't understand that language but you should be storing each of those numbers in a column in your database and the querying for them in PHP.
WebView fading edge is a solid block I am trying to get fading edges working for Android 4.1.
Dates in SQL are represented as #year/month/day#, eg.
(I just walk right past that stuff), an outdoor section with landscaping plants, etc.
As noted in another review it was (refreshingly) very clean.
Except the second time--my fortune was blank.
The (pseudo-)code looks something like this: Once the user requests a file to be processed, I need to stop all threads -- except the one which is processing the requested file.
Position an invisible, always-on-top form above the docked app and have it fire a MouseEnter event.
R.\"" I asked him for a nice room with a view.
Here is some code that I have just checked and working.
We would really appreciate an answer to our question.
Dom's has closed, it is true, but the word on the street is the family will be opening a new restaurant, called Butitta's (Dom's last name) at the location of the old now-closed Jillian's on Neil sometime in early 2009 (at least that's what the phonebook ad said).
The selection on lager and ales on tap as well as in the 'beer cave' make this place one of a kind.
Fix all of them, and now you are 8.5 times faster!
If you're putting on a special dinner, this is the place.
If so, this wouldn't make a major impact.
Actually I'm able to send single messages but batch send will increase my throughtput.
django formset - not able to update entries I want to update a formset that can have different entries.
\n\nOnly drawback, if you see it as such, is that they specialize in just traditional cuts (buzz cut, crew cut, etc).
\n\nBe sure and pick up some mardi gras beads in the front foyer, and have a sit on the front porch while you let your delicious dinner settle.
It doesn't taste particularly better than any food you'd get at any other pub.
The rooms were remodeled a few years ago, which was really needed.
I've yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait.
I love the buccos, win or lose.
Also, you might want to look at the "isMimeType" method to simplify your code.
As far as I found out, the only variables I can use in the launcher .ini are @user.home and @user.dir (see Eclipse runtime options) .
This helps a lot both in organizing and maintaining the code and results generally in better performance for the most cases.
However, Azure has a lot of potential and we'll be watching it closely.
Could the walls use a painting?
If this is not clear, you should specify some code or expand your question with more detail.
Staff is very nice and personable.
He ate a few spoonfuls and that was it.
They have a wide variety of goodies to choose from, something to make everyone happy I'm sure.
the class was already initialized, the data dict cannot be fed into the class without reinitializing it, it's a hack more than anything, et al.).
In the CSS if you change the margin to padding, then any background color on the child element will extend to the parent.
Best homemade brats in the universe, excellent deli, nice people have always run the place.
Now what it is we need to know, is why our condition isn't prompting?
The Slaw on the other hand was too wet with a weak texture.
He's open past 7pm so the evening hours make it convenient to pick up or drop off.
The room was beautiful, the beds were comfortable, and it was a great price to stay downtown.
You can manually fire the change event after you dynamically populate the field, eg:
ATOmac - waitForWindowToAppear returns False everytime I am using Atomac ( to automate a Mac application.
By using only CommitRetaining and RollbackRetaining.
We just ate our way through 12,000 miles of road trip across the US and back.
Using the built-in forms authentication will also allow you to "protect" areas of your website from un-authorized users with simple declarative code that goes in your web.config, for example: Adding the above to your "main" web.config would ensure that none of your pages are accessible to un-authorized users (though you'd probably never do this in reality - it's just meant as an example).
You can compute the selections for a comboBox using SSJS.
Recently realized that I have been a customer of Rudy's for 40 years.
Check out Open Graph- Twitter &amp; Facebook both use this architecture to retrieve "stories" posted by users.
\nMy order is always the same and it is always delicious- Great Wall Special Trio; spicy, no vegetables.
Is there any documentation on how to implement this?
I must admit that the facility does have its priorities in order.
It's been recently remodeled which makes it really nice.
It focuses mainly on the post Civil War history of Charlotte all the way up until present day.
try using: you could also try switching to "Results to Text" it is just a few icons to the right of "Execute" on the default tool bar.
Have also set Accessory Type as "Disclosure Indicator" for each of .
I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me.
try adding a parser like this guy does in here: here is an article too:
It fetches all products without an image.
Lots of beer and great food!
It did not take Authorize.net and I think that there may be a plugin that you can get.
I don't have access to an Oracle environment at the moment so I can't verify, but the following does work in SQL Server and will delete from the Orders table.
I had read that for early Windows OS I should use the non-thread safe version of PHP.
The Greek omelets are delicious, don't let the idea of lettuce in an egg dish scare you off.
Its usually crowded on weekdays and weekends are worst.
WPF XAML ListView - Make TextBlock Text wrap I have a ListView with ListView.ItemTemplate like this This will show ListView items like this: Above, each item show file location as wrapped if it does not fit the width of the ListView.
The crowd here is mature and casually well-dressed.
so it was sitting there for a while until I noticed it.\n\nI'm liking the addition of the self playing baby grand in the bottom floor...
$20 for a lobe and $30 for a cartilage.
The ordering and seating routine is a little unusual.
You're wide open to SQL injection attacks.
This place was totally close to lots of things -- the river, the football and baseball stadiums, etc.\n\nBut anyways, had a good two-nite stay.
but I went with the jerk chicken.
I'm using Python 3 and PyQt4 I'm trying to make a simple main window with a menubar.
There is no API that controls this gain level, everything is internally setup by the OS depending on Audio Session Category (for example VPIO is expected to be used with PlayAndRecord always) and which IO unit has been setup.
(Just jokin)\n\nThe hotel breakfast was very good, complete with brunch buffet or seperate selections.
Edit: Now I AM assuming the force close is because of the poor connection; but I will try to get alogcat up when I can recreate it.
A cool shop - definitely a place to buy home decor items or gifts.
You want to be , an at the same time (I assume those are class names).
It was difficult choosing and I finally ended up with mik chocolate covered pretzels, a hazelnut chocolate bar and one milk chocolate and one dark chocolate Guittard bar.
RestKit mapping for specific entity I have used common RKObjectManager used for different entity mapping as the following below cod but when i try to make mapping for specific entity couldn't because i have two entity with same keyPath this the problem how i can figured.
My son and I had to walk up to Paddy Cake Bakery so that he could then satisfy his sweet tooth!
Is there any better way of doing it?
\nBrunch at airport - \""huh\"" right?
You could add a variable to indicate when an animation is active and don't allow another one to start, if the previous one hasn't finished.
Portability is important, but gcc is available in many environments, and at least one other family of compilers supports nested functions - IBM's xlc available on AIX, Linux on PowerPC, Linux on BlueGene, Linux on Cell, and z/OS.
And I got a pig cookie.
Best gas prices in Tega Cay.
is essentially just a way of gluing functions like together in such a way that the right state always gets passed to the right function.
We stopped here coming back from Des Plaines in Oct., and it's right off the exit.
love the live music every night, great drinks, outdoor patio.
indicates the end of a line in regex, to find a dollar sign you need to escape each one with a so your regex should be for each one you want to match.
In my experience, turkey sausage is just something that restaurants keep on hand to please their selective customers (again, this is South Park we're talking about), but I actually feel like the Original Pancake House cared about the quality of even their more obscure ingredients.
In the section you could load a resource from your server.
You would need to configure CORS on webserver for such endpoint
The library function is a good example of .
Two of us ordered the lake perch and one ordered the deep fried cod.
I already have it so that the div tiles itself vertically, so I'm not worried about it going "too high" or "too low" Here's what it looks like right now: drainteractive.com/FBD/projects.php
jQuery Frame Breaker by Array of Domains Using jQuery and an array of domains, I would like to create a frame breaker.
A beautiful restoration of a lovely old building, the Priory is a comfortable, tasteful, beautiful hotel in a convenient part of the city.
The restaurant is in a converted old house.
I tried applying the background-position property to img tag and div tag but it just doesn't work.
is a reserved word, and so needs to be specially quoted with backticks for it to work in query so try Also, the $id value isn't being sanitized in any way, so the code is vulnerable to an SQL injection attack.
For example: But how do you then use this with fast enumeration?
Aside from the occasional pair of skinny jeans and a trucker cap or two, I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.
This dish in and of itself is one of the best, if not the best thing I have ever eaten.
I mean it can be changed in bin folder, but reference in project can be still to 4.0.0.0.
The ingredients make love in my mouth.
*I've also heard that they deliver dry cleaning in the Uptown area but haven't used that service myself.
Here is all the info you need.
On the other hand when I set to , then I can no longer use the select action that I want to be triggered when the user selects a time slot.
The food was excellent, the setting was beautiful and things went according to plan.
You are looking for the IODIR register, depending on the port and flavor of LPC, there are now what they call fast I/O registers.
Try it out, you won't be let down.
I have stayed here several times for business.
[EDIT] As from the comments, the example suffers of a problem if the constructors of the base class and the derived one have the same signature.
The one thing that disappointed me is that they had a punch card for customers (buy 10 drinks get one free) and I devotedly brought it with me everytime I went there to get it punched.
What you have is a SportsCard that does nothing on itself.
It's like a pop-culture/history 'Where's Waldo', only there's no Waldo, and instead Gandalf, Wolverine, John Candy, and more.
Your modules are self-contained and can also be used in different environments.
Tried this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend.
\n\nThey do have the best Cinnamon pretzels, however, there's usually always just 1 person working or taking orders in the cafe.
I know blue gill is a thinner fish, and while my dish was good, there was not a lot of actual fish under the batter.
So if you're super hungry go early or later or fill up on their beer first.
At CMU they offer super inexpensive lunches that are more filling than anywhere else to eat at lunch.
Here is a sample code that does that: That API is available on Windows Phone 8 and I see the question is tagged WP7 but since you seem to use the API, I guess you are on WP8.
The marinated gourmet chicken sandwich is also a winner if you aren't into red meat!
The miso soup is made completely from scratch, no cans.
If flavored coffee is more your thing, it is definitely not in short supply here.
The entire web-application is behind a basic authentication layer.
The following solution avoids lots of data but requires more work by the app.
Default value is 0; set to 1 to define a chart where different series are rendered against different axes.
The problem to be solved is that you have an input and a series of functions, and you want to apply the functions to the input in order.
I love this mall!!\n\nIt's not overwhelming and always packed like Concord Mills and it has stores that everyone can shop in...like Belk and JC Penny's all of my other favorites stores like Bath and Body Works, NY and Company, Express...the list goes on and on...It's always clean and I rarely have trouble finding parking.
You have to use instead of .
\n\nDuring the late afternoon and early evening, you are bound to run into a vendor providing samples of their local product.
Definitely go here if you need to, they're some of the most hospitable and friendly doctors who go above and beyond the call of duty to help.
The nested lists are still the same.
I also tried Darren's chocolate chip pancakes.
Here is the code I ended up using :
The staff has always been patient, friendly, and helpful in answering questions.\n\nWhen you go to their bakery location, you can try anything they have out that day as well, including desserts, cookies, and \""scuffins\"" (a cross between a scone and a muffin).
What happens when I create an index on a view?
Love Italian!!!\n\nThe food is absolutely great.
Every bit of advice is of the form, "If you want to do (some specific thing), this is how you might do it." Or, even worse, "This worked for me." Neither of these things gives me much confidence or, more importantly, gives decent "best practices" advice that tells us what Drupal's designers intended.
Affordable and not skeezy, plus yummy breakfast!
However, they will still make you about anything off menu.
Wait what's that, you would like to have a live blue grass night?..Okay Okay...hold up..you want an historic building to house it all?
Just a guess -- if that does not work it may be time to decouple the beacon code from your ViewController as you suggest.
You may have to stand with your shivering child in the cold hallway while you wait your turn.
EDIT: replace with - matches the searched text and preserves capitalization
These can go multiple levels deep, or just two levels (a Recordset contining Chapter fields) as in your request: Regardless of which way the parent Recordset is formed, it will contain a chapter column that is used to relate it to a child Recordset.
I realize this might not sound like a big deal, but I have serious trust issues when it comes to bars.
The beans would be great if they were smoked and hade little bits of meat in them.
the header files) and provide an implementation of your own, at least for those functions you care about.
To repeat other reviews, the service is fast; probably the quickest I have ever experienced.
I'd love to check out the happy hour, in particular.
If you really want to learn something start your own personal project.
My mom and I inhaled half of it without blinking an eye.\n\nIf you are going to get a loaf of Sunseri's pepperoni bread, I would suggest not doing it on an empty stomach.\n\n(For Part XI, go to:
My sweet pea risotto was just OK.
I only have 14 cells (0-13).
Any idea to access excel file, i need your help please.
Add some third party PDF reader.
I know that's it's probably a very simple dish to make, but that's definitely my go-to appetizer at this place.
\n\nThey also have shelves of Peruvian items that you can purchase if you are so inclined to do so.
The \""decor\"" consists of plastic furniture and faded ads in lieu of actual ceiling tiles.
Chef Dan makes you feel at home in this cozy little restaurant.
The resources are identified by URIs and are described by nouns, like task or date, etc...
This place and staff are always welcoming even when you arrive by boat!
I'd have to say even better than the salmon.
If you've deployed but failed prior to this, you'll also want to make sure you scale up the web dyno: .
The buffet is a great price and you get a good selection.
The Spinach and Tomato Garlic bread was delicious!
We mostly order the Gourmet Bianco Pizza, 4 slice for the two of us, with an appetizer and that is more than enough!
Prevent eclipse from building the projects before run an Ant task I want to prevent the project from compiling when I run an Ant task, how is this done?
Here's the result I get: And the :
Next time I book a flight, I will try to look for a stopover in Charlotte.
Served in a generous helping, you can order the salad with chicken or shrimp, which are always tender and succulent.
For example: Table Summary: Just add the summary attribute to the griview: Putting it all together: The above produces the following HTML:
Second was the curly pasta tossed in the signature vodka sauce!
Went to Luce a week ago, and was informed they no longer do their $12.95 lunch special!
The bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable.
When I run the command the following libraries build fine: DerelictAllegro DerelictFMOD DerelictFT DerelictGL DerelictIL DerelictODE DerelictOgg DerelictPA Unfortunately once the script gets up to DerelictSDL it spits out the following:
Converting arbitrarily nested lists to POCOs or DataTables I like to use nested Lists like .
I will be bringing my stuff here from now on.
The place is packed and I can see why.
They call it 'Chi-town style', but I call it bbq done right!
I ended up taking a sponge bath with the aid of the sink.
will return 1 if x is odd.
Casting (converting) number in a format with multiple dots (a version number) to string This code generates a compilation error: Are there any simple alternatives for casting number in such format (more then one dot) to string?
For SQL Server, you need to use a filtered index (>=2008) or an indexed view (&lt;=2005).
Yes, It is possible but you need a device with Access.
You can subscribe to Showtime if you want to see Dexter or you can just rent the seasons from Visart whenever you feel like it.
I think I like Charlotte's airport, actually.\n\nSince I've only been here for connections, I can't comment on the check in area or the security checkpoint.
Short example: Client site (HTTP) loads iframe with url " Are the URL parameters encrypted when they are transferred to the iframe site?
The AC was on 63 when I got there.
I came from Jamaica and they let maybe 3 bags on the carousel, then 2 more and that was it for what seemed like forever.
Market Square is a nice area.
& every bite was better than the last.
Edit: array fills properly (correct size roi_size*roi_size) when I normalize the depth image but thats not what I want to do
In case it helps, we can now rephrase the question as "is it possible to draw points without the scales being recalculated and without explicitly calling ?"
(while (dAmount != (2*dbAmount))) Also, the first calculation isn't correct o.O My friend and I are learning C++, and we can't seem to get this program running as it should be.
I don't get warnings with gcc, or xlc.
If you have a webcam your options are endless.
I made every necessary changes mentioned here , and it seemed to me that installation was successful (I got what was expected on Step 4) Then I started to work through this tutorial and everything went fine until this section .
I think I'm not getting "jQuery objects" from the selector but I'm not sure hot to do this.
Why not just grab all the right information in one query from the start along the lines of something like this: Then you just just pop them into an array (or better yet object) that has all the pertinent information in one row each time.
Unlike other delis/lunch spots, you should keep your sandwich simple, because the ingredients and toppings are so fresh and flavorful it would be a shame to spoil the fun.
Replace with string world[][] and it should work.
However, you can call it manually:
Extra points for the extremely bass-heavy hip hop gospel music coming through the wall from Now Faith Ministries next door.
I was so glad to have some left over, which I ate cold the next morning!
I would visit this place again for sure.
C++ even has two restricted versions - methods in a local class can access its containing function's static (but not auto) variables, and methods in any class can access static class data members and methods.
Pegasus was an amazing bar/club to go to to dance, socialize and roam their 3-4 floors.
The problem is that when the while loop runs again it does not allow any user input for the employee name.
You should check out the update Hello Analytics API docs.
Your best bet appears to be 'CEESITST', as it appears to exist in z/OS COBOL.
Haven't tried breakfast or bakery but the chai latte was warm and tasty.
If you are using the Google Maps Distance Matrix API , there is another field in the object called that has a Number value.
Seriously, the best I've found in the US (...and by that I mean darkest chocolate.
EDIT I have changed to an .
\n\nSo the sandwich is as I remember.
Other than the deli/meat sections, its a typical small convenience store with higher than needed prices.
I have found it that online does have more plus size apparel.
\nAnd its fun to go for half price margs on Tuesdays and Thursday, which usually coincides with karaoke or the fueling pianos.
For those of you hummus fans, you need to get this as an appetizer, it is excellent.
When our big bedspreads and blankets need a good washing, I take it to the Laundry Factory.
I then gather a array of those numbers send them off to another server to check to see if those numbers have been upgraded to a sale.
The inside as others have said just has a standing bar against a wall and that's it.
Methods for Linear system solution with matlab I have a linear system Ax = b , which is created by natural splines and looks like this: where The code in matlab which is supposed to solve the system is the following: but I can't understand which method is being used for solving the linear system.
I've been thinking about various ways but I can never come to a definite conclusion.
It sounds like what you want is a 'Finite State Machine' where using those cases you can activate different processes or 'states'.
But my server offered a box without my asking.
comparing float values in C program gets stuck I am working on an assignment for an embedded software course, but I'm having the strangest problem.
However, I'm not sure exactly how I would do that.
Not only are these omelets big, but they are also stuffed with whatever toppings you want, so you will not be disappointed with your meal.
But this is a little gem.
The ponzu sauce just completed it!!!!!
Here goes the error ...or string truncation....
We thought it would be easy and a good \""starter.\"" Um...no.
What is the correct way to update the table with the new encrypted values?
source: daily-scala work around: bind both with some object in REPL or as user #shadowlands said You can create them in the REPL, but you need to do so as part of a single :paste command (type :help for a list of REPL commands)
Second I would review my architecture to confirm the deadlocking statement really needs to be called that frequently (Does have to be called 100 times a second?).
My commands are interfaces without any method body, also they contain only on method of Handle/Execute.
By using a custom Partitioner , you can specify which key goes to which reducer.
Not the place to go if you're looking for bang for buck but perfect for a nice dinner with family/significant other.
The 3 spice duck is great, Pad Thai is fantastic, as well as almost all the appetizers.
This is the C# application that accesses the method to perform the sort.
returns a so the type of the variable can be inferred from that.
I think you are misunderstanding how to look ahead in a game like this.
Add some class("children") to the container which contain all the child and try this code.
* Actually I have no idea about how to do this with xcode.
What more could we ask for?
Or, use the full path, e.g.:
I my current project, I have referenced following packages- Is there any other package that I need to reference in order to access this Method?
I'm a stickler for places where they remember your face.
Neo4j has been designed to optimally handle such kind of relationships, so it would be best to play with to strengths of neo4j
In fact, the best part of this particular trip to Pittsburgh was Primanti Bros., because my Braves ended up sending out the D-team, who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.
So I keep static things in separate static classes, and I gripe about redundantly having to declare every member static when I've already said that the class is static.
They have even sent prescriptions for human-equivalent medications to Walgreen's for me so that I can save money.
One alternative I can think of is Linked CSE.
(I would've honestly rather had an airport bloody mary to be honest but I was traveling with my boss for work on this occasion.
I am certain that there were more than the 12 spots that I saw when I tried to park.
The mashed potatoes and baby green beans are a great side dish for any of their menu items.
It has some very kitschy decor (basic small-town breakfast restaurant style) with lots of gingham and wooden chickens, but I didn't care.
I also have a range called 'Surnames'.
I handed her my key, and they told me they would email me a copy of my bill, since I used my credit card to book.
I've never had a bad meal at this restaurant.
You just have to roll me out afterwards!\n\nThe buffet is awesome, with tons of traditional anti pasta's, meat trays, soups and salads.
I have had a car title notarized with them and it was confusing until they explained the process in detail.
\n\nThe menu is pretty standard deli style.
I am looking forward to the chance to go here again.
This is a WPF based project, obviously it would be easier in a web app as Server.MapPath works great
Not sure it was Pollmans Mustard.
Charlotte's NPR news station - 90.7 fm.
AM's atmosphere is warm and inviting.
Food was out to the table in what seemed like less than 5 minutes, freshly cooked.
I like to know all the possible approaches the player could take so that i know which is the best one.
Liked it more before I actually went to Europe and had actual german food.
I wrote this code (below), but it doesn't work.
I am building an Android app and need to make it look like Android's stock google app (the one with the "G" icon) or google maps app.
Clearly, the UTF-8 string for e grave, which is 0x C3 A8 has been misinterpreted by the server as Latin1 and 0xC3 in Latin-1 is 0xC3 83 in UTF-8, and similarly 0xA8 in Latin-1 is 0xC2 A8 in UTF-8.
Shared hosting : check government requirements, I'm not in the health care field, but I'd be very surprised if there are no rules/laws governing storage of sensitive personal information.
Invoke service when screen turns on (Android) I am creating a lockscreen app with facial recognition.
this is starting to sound dirty.\n\nIn addition to wonderful pastries, they also offer a decent selection of breads and rolls which are tasty as well, but I wouldn't go out of my for them.
I like the dog treat section also they have a much better variety than the average grocery store or wal mart.
If any one have an idea which version of netbeans should'i use.
But now the browser's address bar shows: Extra info: My rewrite rule is: This problem ONLY occurs when the user has clicked a link.
It would easily get 5 stars if we hadn't sat in the outdated bar.
I have to say that this place definitely gives you that.
Both of them were served with a few slices of fresh fruit (pineapple and orange to be specific).
Web Deploy to 2 separate web servers?
but as someone who doesn't LOVE children under my feet and crying while I'm PUMPING IRON, they have never once gotten in my way.
This coffeeshop is a winner.\n\nThey have deli foods, which always have a happy line, but I've never managed to try them.
The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu.\nWarning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public.
I don't think is useful here.
And I ALWAYS get a biscuit.
They happily will take your items back, with our without receipt, box or no box, used or non used.
How to save photos to phones library/album?
At first when I ordered it, I immediately regretted it due to my recent reading of Anthony Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential (eating seafood on a Monday or Tuesday after a weekend is probably not a good idea)...
The prices are good and the food is great.
Can't beat the location if you're a student.
Your question and code does not help.
You can't get the included commentary anywhere else without buying the movies.\n* TV series are a bargain.
You should use with the apps dSYM instead of the app binary.
Example of what I have in seed.txt: www.exampleSite.com id=3 name=exampleSite
I am currently using and I entered 100, 8, 30, and 5 for population size, number of success, sample size, and number of success in sample, respectively.
Great selection of standard and unusual groceries, wonderfully fresh produce, and has the best salad bar and deli.
The price of admission was well worth it considering movies are about $10 for only 1-2 hours.
They couldn't get a urine sample, so they gave me another appointment the next day for no charge.
Where's a girl supposed to get a taco around here?
I wrrite the meta data, facebook / twitter grab the data and share the page: The set_lang function is to check the session like this: The share function work fine in the browser, however, I would like to share the link by mobile app too.
Classic old theatre with a stage, movie screen and the Wurlizer organ in the corner.
It takes around 4000 - 5000ms to compile the build, which wouldn't be the end of the world except the project is so small, so I'm worried about that becoming much larger as a project grows.
My problem is that GameStats, which simulates the game environment, does not get reset when a new buildpath is added.
When we came in, there was someone playing the piano in the lobby!
Again, every manufacturer is different, so you must find a different solution for each beacon type.
With the hopeful upswing of our Cats, I think that's a real plus for us and the taxpayers!\n\nThe Panther's Den itself and the VIP suites are beautiful.
Once you find which cluster each pixel belongs to, you would replace the pixel's colour with the centroid of the cluster that pixel belongs to.
My husband and I went in for Cheeseburger sliders and Petite Filet Mignon sandwiches.
So this is my new refresh token process : My refresh method: In authenticate method :
So all you need to do is: and potentially I created an issue for this in the igraph issue tracker, but don't expect to work on it any time soon:
It was enjoyable.\n\n5) Parcel pick up service.
We tied a few of the appetizers.
Great experience and I look forward to visiting the next Cap Grille in a different city.
But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well.
I had a italian hoagie and it was great.
I got 3 pieces of Ika.
Given a UUID, I want to find what the device path is.
I'm going to spend a few more months in Purgatory for eating veal, but MAN, it will be worth it!\n\nMy main course was the cheese rolled in pork, the Fraciti I believe it was called (I can't seem to pull up the menu online) with gnocchi.
Your options are to either edit the C source code and create your own Apache Module, or to add extra functionality by declaring either a Client Side or Server Side script to be used as (or included from) the header of the index file.
It's a DELI, not gourmet restaurant, so keep that in mind when going.\n\nGood burgers, deli sandwiches and a few healthier options like grilled chicken, etc.
If you need to do one map and then pass the results to the next function then you need to look at async.waterfall .
Cheapest hotel I could find in the Madison area.
I've looked at but the link provided at the answer is extremely confusing and I couldn't understand it.
Another Update and here is another example according your requirement you only need to change this: to this:
This application will be packaged up and deployed to organizations across the world—so it needs to be flexible enough to work in multiple types of environments.
Our waitress-who I should mention again was great-had the kitchen divide it on two plates.\n\nWill be recommending Tessaro's to others and I have found my once-maybe twice-a-year burger joint!\n\nPS there are options for non-meat eaters:)
The scallops were so large and tender that I could barely finish them.
I'm left on a page that says the payment is complete.
The Booth may be one of the best places to see a show in town, and the McGlohon is a great space converted from a former church - it's tough to match anywhere.\n\nMake sure you check out the various spaces and recognize that the name Blumenthal means more than just the big theater uptown.
visiting from charleston, sc with 6 others.
The pizzas are big, there are a ton of toppings, and the sauce is sweet in a good way.
Several of us had the Pasta Trio.
Their special dogs (dog of the month) are usually a lot of fun.
Like, I am not counting calories, good.\n\nThe line moved pretty fast, you order at the counter, seat yourself and they call you when it's ready - you help yourself to the drink you ordered from a little area behind the counter - and just so you know, aside from soft drinks, coffee etc.
Great food, friendly service and a little grocery in the side.
Later, the call from (2) gets around to dumping the current state of into the console but this won't necessarily match the as it was in (2) .
I had the sausage scrambler which was pretty standard.
Note: that zoom works for element.
Long before I was ever officially into food and having friends and local fans of my music pick out where I was supposed to eat in any given town I was visiting, I knew about Peppi's.
// call this function with your resize ratio...
The only difference between the two is that the second div has been "prettified", and made more readable by indenting the on a new line.
I want to make this run in the browser and I found this, which allowed me to print a string to the browser.
Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff,
In this case, your application will need to be able to securely store and use a unique private key.
It works off an event queue where an event is popped off the queue, some callback is called to serve that event and the code behind that callback runs to completion, then the next event is pulled off the event queue and the process is repeated.
I mean it's tender and delicious, but try a steak with a little flavor.
The mango chicken lunch special was awesome - but my sa cha chicken dinner on a return visit was even better, and the bite of the triple charm special definitely put up there on my \""to order next\"" list.
\n\nChinese and Korean food, at or above my expectations.
He made us feel like we were the most important people in the restaurant.
An HTTP client combined with a JSON parser like Jackson may be sufficient and less complex.
It receives it's data using normal, mostly good, JSON from the server.
This captures absolutely everything , you'll need to return an error should the page not exist.
I do not get the mail when I go through the Paypal sandbox transaction.
I just went through the process of installing and trying several carts for a project that I was working on.
so i have 2 fields declared as follows: password_hash - varchar (64) password_salt- varchar (64) Does this work if the user password needs to be between 8 and 32 chars long?
This prevents the non-sighted user from being forced to hunt for the invalid inputs.
Sorry, but Phat Burrito has nothing on this unique dining experience.
I later ordered the Rachael with sweet potato fries.
Warm creamy dip topped with tasty tomato sauce and served with grilled crostini.\n\nPasta Primavera: Pretty basic, but a light and colorful veggie angel hair dish.
I won't let that one black monkey stop my show!
Their cornbread is amazing, as well!\nThe ambiance is something out of an old soul's home...amazing pictures of celebrities who've been in town & the soul music overhead is so good!\nThe staff is friendly & attentive.\nKeep in mind, they stay pretty busy for lunches & dinners.\nWhat's REALLY good is their New Year's brunch, every Jan.
Click the button in the navbar again.
I only need to generate that content just in this particular place with .
This helps eliminate a specific problem with your files, like a wonky DRM scheme that only permits playback on an approved player.
If you have a emulator preview connected first go inside Android Wear app to the emulator and choose FORGET.
And if we declared too many private methods, how can we conduct the unit tests for them?
Pretty good and decently priced for a Thai place.
We wanted to eat breakfast and get on the road to do some shopping and that long delay wasn't fitting into our schedule.
While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.
Lots of places to eat and a pleasant sitting area nearby.
\n\nIt gets insanely busy at lunch, and there's not much space inside to move around and wait for your order, but it's a small price to pay for deli food that's this good.
The nice hting is you can go to your gate and probably find a good restaurant right next to the gate so that you don't feel like youre going to miss the flight.\n\nI read another review about the baggage being late.
Our service is in preview right now so there might be tweaks to the above as we move forward.
I never new that Ford made cars over on Statesville Ave for example.
The Activity Lifecycle is giving me headaches.
I'm using this approach for long time and works like a charm.
insert a default value like " -- " and compare it by using
Boston Markets are the same anywhere, but the people who work here are great.
If you plan to bind the properties of your class to a UI control ( , , etc.), or if there's the slightest chance that you might customize the get/set accessors in the future, then make the properties.
There's not much to go on here but it sounds like you are looking for the Admin Skin functionality.
every thing is OK on my local MAC OS system but not working on windows based remote server.
Well I never been to a professional football until now, it was great people was drunk but not out of hand , food and drinks expensive of course stadium look nice but then again I never to another stadium so can say I was a virgin..
These are not really directories - these are just rewrites that rewrite to /index.php?lang=...
But for now, I'm going to make the best of my time.
I didn't like the duck that much but I am not a big fan of duck to begin with ..
is a better option, see @ thelatemail's comment
Mapping a DFS using NET Use remotely throwing Error 1312.A specified logon session does not exist.
Try this: is a simple way to create a .
C++ sending Joystick directional input to program I'm trying to spoof a PS3 controller and send analog stick directional input to a specific program, but i can't figure out how the INPUT.hi struct works.
It reminds me of the bagel shops I grew up with on Long Island.
Of cause this will only happen on my local machine
Open minded to everyone and all ages.
----------EDIT---------------- After seeing other comments, I tried messing around with Differ: The problem with this one is that it does find some "identical" files, however, the "identical" for this means the files with the same .extension, could I remove this possibility somehow?
So if ORCL has quotes at second 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, I want the result set that has 1,2,3,4,5,6,7...up to 60 sec (covering the whole minute).
My favorite mall in the Queen City area.
We had their catering and it was fantastic.
We had drinks at the bar, and I will say that my wine was a bit pricey.
Where can you get a awesome cake for that price nowadays.
I got drink refills without asking and they generally left us alone so we could talk.
however reading the values out of ormlite, the +8 is not getting re-applied.
DELICIOUS!!!\nAND he prepared it himself!\nI definitely, highly, recommend dining here when in the Pittsburgh/Greentree area.\nThe reason for 4 starts not 5, the wine choices are lacking but the Red Rock Malbec was nice with the meal.
I have been dying to try Cajun Queen for a while.
For example, you could write: To close the file.
This red is delicious and subtly sweet.
I haven't been home to Pittsburgh for a while and I was really excited to get out and explore the food scene.
Assuming you're on a linux/unix machine with the GNU toolchain you could check this easily by: Copying the above code into test.c: Testing to see if it's valid C (it's not): Testing to see if it's valid in C++ (it is!): Checking the return code:
Most likely because I licked them clean from the baller sauce that is on this BBQ.
Without running a dozen signalling servers?
I actually had to change my local copy of ElasticSearchPipeline python file to comment out this block which was causing syntax errors at the point at which it was indexing using uniq_id.
I am of course creating bodies once I start the program, by pressing 'm'.
The mozzarella came out in large slices, and the waitress had recommended I dress it with balsamic vinegar which I did and it was excellent.\n\nMy friend ordered the Italian wedding soup and I found it a little bland but he loved the soup.
ie6 and ie7 remove border around image sprites Im using image sprites across my site.
And i hate layovers, but they have really great stores to shop and eat..
This way the macro will always remember to select the right sheet regardless of where you are.
Dynamically adding a property to a class This has been previously asked on Stack Overflow, but none of the answers seem to address exactly what I need to do.
Say I have SelectBox1 and SelectBox2 .
Swift Error: Consecutive declarations on a line must be separated by ';' This is my code: I am getting error on the last line!
I ended up getting the Pittsburger - it met my expectations, which was above average to begin with.
This visit was for the mummy exhibit.
Added bonus - local place with local owners just putting out great product.
I've tried to produce a "simpler" query that works and so far nothing.
As long as you are inside the class, you can access the field by simply writing: From the outside, it's still difficult.
Own java agent should do the trick: I suppose that intercepting System.currentTimeMillis() calls should be enough.
And in VA we don't have absurd old beer and wine control laws, meaning our access to reasonably priced, intelligently stocked beer is much higher than pittsburgh.
Both the client app and the server are expected to be used within a corporate firewall.
If you call yourself a pizza snob, you need to get here, order a DOC margherita with mozzarella di bufala, and maybe a rucola e proscuitto while you're at it.
1) Which operator should I better use in customer projects?
The owner/chef even came out and chatted with us on the upstairs outdoor patio.
I referred to this guide: guide That follow opencv doc.
\nPreacher Haggard/Twinkie Ted\nWilliam Pen Tavern before 10 p.m.
Gave us a rundown of the highs and lows of the menu.
The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded.
I like the massage, the cuticle treatment and the hot towel same as everyone else.
I would consider implementing a sort of map/dictionary of URL paths to plugins.
Walking distance from all sporting events.
I tried the chicken, and it was good, although I wish the meat had been a little more grilled (it wasn't crispy at all).
I added one table that had "FooBar" as it's DataSet, and passed in the collection of "allFooBars." I also created a footer on the report, so that I would have consistent paging across all pages.
All the problems boil down to the fact that the following declaration throwed the error that was not declared in this scope You need to make sure is declared in your scope.
I want to learn and work with initialize.php so I try to build simple php file like index.php and just to see if it call to hello.php I got some truble on my local host using windows xp.
In answer to your two questions: The call to is using an old MATLAB syntax for passing an argument to the objective function.
I would prefer a different sahm-jang and more variety in the non-BBQ items in the buffet.
I followed the tutorial at this link to create a axis2 webservice project using maven and eclipse.
There's plenty of room and the space is welcoming.
Contrary to popular belief, \""The Blumenthal Performing Arts Center\"" was not a particular building, but a group of entertainment venues which included two theatres, the Belk and Booth in one building uptown.
Right now the only solution I have is for the application to upload the results to my server, and have javascript on the launching webpage to poll the server every 15 seconds as it waits for results.
Is it possible to add them just by adding them to the media directory and reloading them.
Everything looks good but the filter is not there.
Is the AllowHtml attribute secure I have a MVC model field that the user enters some html source code into.
\n\nThe only complaint I had was that the service was a little slow for me given I had a flight to catch and mentioned it to my server.
The slide is not advanced at all.
I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less.
Enumerating domains in a forest (windows networks) I looking for an API method that retrieve the info that "net view /domain" does.
It was about 10 below in there.
I tried already some ways in loadXml in DOM and preg_replace.
Furthermore, in order to draw a good class diagram am I wrong in thinking that maybe I had to do the UML diagram first and then write the associated code?
How to use html to specify each fields' type.
5 stars because \n\n1) it's Culver's and \n\n2) I refuse to let an LA resident (Tracy G) weigh down the supreme awesomeness that is Culver's based on her misunderstanding of cheese curd availability!
\nI have told all that will listen that Hendrick is the place to buy or service your car.
Even if it only works on .NET projects, that would still be a big help.
This is quite hacky, but should work: Eventually you can override as_json inside your model: And then just call: Note it will also add option to to_json method.
A picture is worth a thousand words
Neither has internet access, all machines have known static IPs.
A simple Google search won't get you to what you're looking for, so I asked for a recommendation.
the booths are not as eclectic as i would've hoped but there is a lot of stuff and most of it is reasonably priced.
They're a little gruff, but they're actually really friendly guys.
What sstan is pointing out is that you are lacking the semicolon at the end of each statement.
\n\nSo if you should be admitted to the children's sections of the hospital I hope you a speeding recovery and a pleasant experience like I have received many times.
You can't use the matched group ( ) as a value for the part of a static-handler - it needs to know precisely which files to upload to the static servers.
Look no further if you are looking for a place in Charlotte that will make you feel like you are part of their family.
We were mad!!\n\nThe place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.
Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.
Excellent pizza - although the mushrooms were from a can.
With the kind help of a few of the guys who were working on their own bikes, I managed to change out the tube in no time, leaving the shop with a kind of silly sense of accomplishment and some incredibly black hands.
For some reason while doing "Grails/Synchronize Grails Settings" was not making the plugin show up.
I have decided to change things around so the default css page loaded has the styles necessary for the newer model phones which support overflow:scroll.
\n\nFood: They start you off with soup.
For Dessert I had \""Schokoladenmus\"" Chocolate Mousse served with Bourbon Sauce and Fresh Fruit, it was A-OK 3 yelp stars.
I have done this three times in one night to three poor, unsuspecting women who did not know this.
The problem is that the dot matches too many characters and in order to get the right 'href' you need to just restrict the regex to .
But the salad itself was delicious- more of a dinner portion than a side, actually.\n\nMy husband ordered the steak and lobster.
You could use some mixture of these techniques, e.g.
I am actually a little shocked at all the bad reviews on this place after our dining experience.
Converting a jQuery object to a plain object Does jQuery provide a way to convert a selected element that is a jQuery object to a plain object, for example if you wanted to just perform basic javascript actions on the object without using jQuery after the element has bee initially selected?
So because I only need one of each kind, I thought I'd create all of them up front in the parent constructor and just show and hide them as needed.
\nCheck them out, but make sure you map your exit properly because unless you leave out the back way onto Idlewild, it's going to be hell to get back on 74W during most times of the day(less busting a U down by Conference)
With option 'b' In your comment you mentioned.
For earlier versions the singleton approach seems fine, you request an appearance change to the singleton which changes its various images, then either sends a notification (NSNotification) to inform any interested parties who would want to update their interface accordingly.
They don't have their own special meal that makes you want to come here, just excellent quality Chinese food with terrific service.
Only Loading Panel visible to user.
(this is across a database of 40,000 articles).
There is a lot of information about the text you can inspect using the TextRenderInfo object.
They also serve noodle as well as the normal fried rice.
I can't wait to try the fish and shrimp on my next trip.
\n\nWe started with the hamachi sashimi, which was a brilliant blend of pomegranate, pear, and avocado with amber jack tuna.
Small-ish portions and a very pleasant covered heated patio.
\n\nThis will be our new regular place, i think :)
Each entry in should specify an property instead of unless you have some helper defined elsewhere, won't work.
but on lolipop or above , it doesnt run prefectly.
\nAs recommended I made a reservation, and was seated immediately.
I agree with Rebekah, everything is fresh here, probably some of the best produce in town.
How do I get the original SKU of a bundle product in the cart?
From the shuttle driver to the ladies who checked us in, these are professional people working here.
It was definitely above and beyond the call of duty, and we wouldn't have made it on time without her help.\n\nGreat food, great service, weird but nice decor.
I've pretty much been to a couple of games - and had the chance to sit in different areas of the stadium.
I live in one of Roland's smaller buildings in Champaign.
Note: Consider that the standard Windows Add/Remove Programs utility does the job successfully (it seems it waits for APP_2).
There are numerous unavoidable obstacles to generating this data, which I have worked to minimize with some nifty heuristics and such.
\n\nOn the note of waiting: there's always a crowd here on Saturday, so grab your cheese number as soon as you get in the door, do the rest of your shopping, then head back to the cheese counter.
Not really sure what the issue is or how to fix.
If anybody has any suggestions on how I can do this place more often please let me know!
In that case it would look like: This is much clearer since all the boiler plate of making 2-tuples and converting can be done away with.
It lives up to any other Morton's I've been to - the experience is pretty consistent across the chain.
A good API is always interaction model neutral, meaning it puts minimal constraints on actual workflow, localisation and info representation.
This would be enough reason to go here, as it's hard to find tasty and fresh pitas (most of the time, the bags still have steam in them because they're so fresh) for a good price, and this is it.\n\nOn top of that, they have frozen raw gyros meat and home made tzatsiki sauce, so you can throw together a gyros sandwich.
One that will carry all the same ID and second one will carry the other ID How can I do that Thanks!
Good way to clear nested Maps in Java Is it necessary to iterate over the values of the root map and clear all the maps nested in the root first, or is it enough to clear the outermost map?
While the actual time taken is pretty insignificant, 95% faster and 50% fewer lines of code is a pretty good decider.
For you case, it looks like you want to SOAP UI to access other address which has on listener there.
In another panel, there are buttons and a place to output a plot based on data generated using the user inputs.
A simple if statement seems to mess one function I´m trying to hide and show some of the input fields in a form with jQuery.
Or, is the data hosed because it was saved in the cp1252 charset and there is nothing I can do?
But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table.
I am following this example, where form.html contains only html blocks.
Visual Studio 2012 Express Code Analysis The Microsoft documentation talks about a limited set of code analysis tools being available for the express edition (e.g.
or I can call class in .
This place will hold a special place in our hearts for taking so much stress out of our big day.
I had to increase these numbers (I changed them to unlimited) inside .
As a new climber I found the whole process intimidating, but the staff at The Climbing Wall helped me get on the right path.
Here is the LogCat messages: How can I solve the problem?
On the contrary, this is handy if you have many rows to update.
You're trying to set the field names as parameters - you can't do that.
A Pittsburgh institution, something that's worth checking out before leaving town.
When using the karma javascript test library (née Testacular) together with Rails, where should test files and mocked data go be placed?
I arrived a llittle late and with baby in tow.
We all felt that this was some of the best food we had ever eaten ANYWHERE.\n\nYes, the prices are insane.
I am not lying when I say that I have NEVER had a dish I didn't like here.
During filtering you can then determine whether you're interested in the text or not.
By the time we left, the place was packed with only a few open seats left so it would appear that the secret is out.
Barrington's is one of my all time favorites.
So she cut my hair wet, dried it and finished while it was dry.
I am very surprised at some of the negative views, as I am a very picky food person!
Here's the code I'm using, works fine but too slow with multiple lines...
how to limit possible input while using raw_input?
AnotherCsvParser It does everything I need...
It's definitely the place to go to have fun in Ft.
But its cool, im all about physical activity...
Then travel along the lines between the waypoints.
How to connect multiple xml files My app needs different screens and each screen should be connected with each other.
Your code is restoring twice , first in , and again in .
We just got back from our dinner at the Pleasure Bar.
Sam, who is pretty much in charge of the bone yard side of Sutter's, knows most every part of every bike you could think of, or that matters at least...
My fiddle sets an interval to toggle disableMenu.
I had always heard kill/no-kill shelters whatever...
Here you can find all the details you need.
I really don't know what happened with all of the negative reviewers.
My navigation was working fine until I put a three .xhtml files into subfolders.
I am concerned though about the performance of all this.
Entity Framework Performance With Simple Insert is terrible I am using EF 5 with code first against mySQL 5.5.25 with the 6.5.6 mySQL DotNet connector (However it is not the connector as the DevArt connector exhibits the same performance) and have an entity as follows: It uses the following Code First to configure the keys etc.
\n\nThere is much debate amongst life-long UCBers about which is the best Mexican restaurant in the University Area; with the contestants being Monterrey, Los Arcos, or Zapata's.
Maybe later when you analyze your algorithm, you might mention things like “There are algorithms known for this who can do this in O(log n)” or something, so you just use that to continue.
The video people seem to always find enthusiastic fans to promote...the dancing is contagious and sometimes a bit over-the-top (you know what I mean if you saw that little elementary kid dancing \""the dirty.\"") The Lady Cats have definitely got their groove going on and make for quite a hot performance!
I am on the road for work more days out of the year than I am at home.
The muffins and cookies and cakes always look De-Lish!, but they aren't.
4 stars for having a functioning (and new!) pinball machine - I bet Walking Dead fans will feel differently than I do about this one.
They're on top of their game and even remember regular's drink orders.
Or when you find a brand new item with the tags on them for under $7.
Vegetable sides were on the lighter side and delicious.
\n\nThe food is well priced and good.
You could have one normal link and then one link that contains a command line parameter that you can read in the startup to activte the app after they login (or any action you want).
The close proximity to the highways worked out well as we made it a point to visit South Carolina as well as other areas of North Carolina.
Definitely a bar for any occasion.
Let's create a new view model for our search page So in your GET action, You will send a list of to the view.
I am a little bit confused since I see queries (having set ) in the secondary while getServerAddress returns the primary .
It is not obvious why you get extra exit events, but it may be because you are trying to register more than the 20 allowed monitoring regions.
I get mine with ricotta cheese, mushrooms, and meatballs- I'm drooling just thinking about it.
It is not free but invaluable for this type of column value by column value comparison.
But her restaurant is sure nice.
I'm glad we did: the food and the service were both amazing.\n\nI'll talk about the food first.
APP_1, instead of doing the uninstall job, it simply copies itself somewhere in the filesystem (I saw as Au_.exe but other apps could use different names and locations), runs this copy of itself (APP_2) and terminates.
Scala, Ruby, Groovy) have language features that enable you to write: And that will report: In Groovy, with Spock testing framework , you can write: And that would output: Condition not satisfied: I don't think this possibly cleanly in python though.
There are multiple things: The crash is caused by an exception and the crash report does not show the required .
The beds were extremely comfortable and full of high quality pillows.
I also believe that during the basketball season it is host to the Jamie Dixon radio show.
I haven't tried this myself, but it should work.
Amazing Two Fish Tempura Fat Roll...one of the best things I've tasted, seriously.\nExcellent Thai Corn Chowder.\nIncredible Black Cod.\nThis place does Asian Fusion well!
However, I always leave Thai Place feeling pleased and satisfied.
BBQ shrimp good but not crazy good nice heat to them only 6 shrimp tho.
Did you see how he picked up the whole futomaki (fat roll) and placed it in the clear togo container, fan it out, add an ample handful of shyoga (thinly sliced pickled ginger) and a hunk of wasabi (no explanation needed) with soy sauce in a mini condiment cup.
How you solve this will depend on your JavaScript implementation.
A different view on the use case would be that I have five newly installed machines with Vista, XP, OSX, Ubuntu and Kubuntu respectively in front of me.
I'm finding it difficult to plan an approach to tackling this.
Salami sandwich was out of this world, and the 24 oz.
I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
However I still want the checkbox to be read only.
just add a class at your main ul (i added 'main-menu' for example) and then add this css:
Below are the 2 models I have got setup with all the correct attributes for the relationships to work: Offer OfferDay I have then created the pivot tables to correspond with this like so: In my controller I have setup the save method which should work like so: This is the important bit but for some reason I am getting this error below: Can someone try and shed light onto this?
$2.50 for a cream cheese bagel, my coffee is more!
Little example: Which result I get on my computer?
If the button needs to be positioned inline, you can even assign a property to the class.
Can't find the file path which created by myself in android source code I am testing something.
My husband and I were here for a wedding and it happened to be the same weekend as the Coke a Cola 600.
Another nice workaround is to declare a static instance of your view model in App.xaml: and bind like this I had the same issue when i needed to bind from Window and menuitem's native DataContext simultaneously.
This cab company is the best in the city in consistency.
First if Magmi's Attribute Set Importer v0.0.2 was set ON - it would error and create 26 empty attributes no matter what I did.
However, I am not sure what is the use of '?:' inside the parentheses.
Does someone face this problem / know why it happens ?
There is often groups from sporting events, whatever that can be quite loud.
The DoUpdate method gets a parameter, that's basically the height of the terrain under the water.
jQuery grep not working on object array but for loop does I'm following this tutorial here: for knockout.js.
Funny, though, if I try instead of , it works perfectly.
You could also buy a second video card (think under $40 for a low-end card with OpenGL 4.x support), just be careful when swapping them out.
I definitely recommend this place for anyone, looking for any kinds of haircut (I got a super short two block haircut, and I'm a girl).
However, I can't remember anyone ever asking me if I needed any help while I was shopping-I did not need any help so that didn't bother me but perhaps if you are the type that needs a lot of assistance, this isn't the place for you.
Essentially the integrity of all your session would be gone upon visiting a any site.
I ordered the Americo, simple pepperoni, mushrooms (I added olives,) it was fresh & delicious.
I love the variety of flavors you can get- Wheat, plain, spinach or tomato basil.
Updating many-to-many relations in JayData My OData model contains a pair of entities with many-to-many relationship (Parents-Children).
I notice as the window gets smaller, the items have overlapping dimnesions.
Our practice was in the cold water pool.
Alternatively, If I create a resource and set the path to "/" then, I could programmatically serve up content.
I don't understand why its doing this?
I spent countless hours here studying away.
Pick up a nice loaf of crusty, fire baked carb-luvin heaven and giggle as you walk away.
As far as disabling Code Contracts in Production, I would far rather have the added protection of Code Contracts that some possibly obscure error.
\n\nWith that said, the restaurant was nice - good location and great ambience.
After all, we can't ALL be suckers.
They recently expanded their Noblestown Rd location, and have double the stuff.
In terms of the difficulty of the course, most of the folks I spoke to while assisting with a nonprofit golf tourney mentioned that Cedarwood is a great, mid-level course for all players.
These buffers always have set to something like , normal buffers have empty buftype.
EDIT: As noted in comments, these days I'm happy to use for the cases of a single variable where it's obviously okay.
The query will block and returned values will be obtained by means of a network lookup.
However, this will not work for all manufacturers.
Unlike its sister restaurant in Carnegie this spot has a stripped down menu.
I think the problem arises because your data file has 5 columns and your list has 6 elements.
Beware of version 1.5 that uses jna3.5 which can cause problems at high load Also beware that you may need to extend negotiatesecurityfilter if our application needs to do authorization(I had to do that, may be fixed in 1.6.
You should have to understand the concept to use of volley library and image uploads.
The place will also accept pets which is a big thumbs up in my book!
Find the directory in which your script.py is.
This was the first good pizza place to open in Uptown.
The pork shoulders were tender without one single dry spot--perfectly executed and delicious without the BBQ sauce.
Regular dog, beef dog and veggie dog.
I have never come away unimpressed with either the food or the service.
\n\nEveryone was super stoked about our Sam's stop, and the staff was great and kept my coffee full!
I have source code for a Linux driver, which I am trying to enhance to add video4linux2 support.
My visit to Nakato (first time) was on a Friday night.
\n\nThe interior has a very welcoming old-timey feel to it.
To skip searching for pre-compiled binaries, and force a build from source, use
if you are fine adding variables to the global scope then:
It's the signature drink of the Preakness, and he'll tell you the story of how he learned to make them (spoiler alert: it involves an A+ bartender going out of his way to help a sweet little old lady who loves the horses).
You can try the regex which ensures there's a match where a 'word' ends, and replace with (or with a replacement of if you don't want to use multiline) regex101 demo
Seeing all the salted fish (for the upcoming feast of 7 fishes) was beautiful.
Far better than it's competition just down the street!
You will lose very little near precision with very high far numbers, but you will gain considerable precision in the mid-range with slightly larger near numbers.
I swear we eat it at least once a week.\nWe also love their Bulk Section where we can get bulk quinoa, granola, lentils, and all kinds of things for a really decent price.
When I was away, they emailed me a picture of my dog so I could see he was doing well (plus you can go online and see them on their webcam during play time) They also offer additional packages with more play time, ice cream doggie treats, bed time stories (don't laugh, thats just cute) and more.
My coffee came in it's own French press (which I will now buy for myself) and the breakfast sandwich had bangers, ham, cheese, bacon and egg on a toasted brioche bun.
I want the second press to stop the first animation and simply run the second animation.
Erickson is calm and laid-back, and I can talk to him about even the most awkward pet problems.
\n\nCheers to $1 drinks and getting good and drunk for the cost of 2 drinks back home!
not the answer you were looking for.
The only other place to get my business would be Aiello's in Squirrel Hill.
And look outside-breathtaking view of Charlotte from the 30th floor.\n\nService is solid.
i used a trick i made two divs one with grey backgroun and other with white....
In the other hand, when I navigate through my Pods target, each Pods are separated : In another project I made, all pods are generated this way : I think this is why my 'preprocessor macros' AF_APP_EXTENSIONS isn't define into the 'AFNetworking' Pods target.
e.g., if file A is: and file B is: then complement of file A relative to B on column 2 would return "bob mary john", since that's the only in file B that has a value in column 2 that does not appear in file B.
I will be going back for more smoothies!
The grouping of columns are showing all of them, however you can specify they are collapsed or expanded at runtime.
They have also taken out the house ware section and have converted it into a Hugo Boss section that is huge!
Refined, classic style steak restaurant, Mortons will not disappoint those who are looking for a traditional upper end place.
I am using Flash professional CS5.
Chromecast Chrome API - senderId The receiver adds a senderId to each message it receives.
\n\nMy favorite part - the gigantic room with all the dinosaur skeletons and the last room in the art galleries with the modern art...
To ensure the change handler is always called when a value is set you could use a instead and set the default to .
This restaurant would be great for dates and special occasions.
Can anyone provide a method to do this?
So the question is, can we email appointments, with subsequent updates, that will be automatically be recognized by Outlook, GMail &amp; Lotus Notes, but prevent the user from thinking they can cancel/decline the entire booking from within their own calendar tool?
Only went there once -- it's nice, but not so rave-worthy as other reviews might imply except in comparison to the other offerings in Pittsburgh.
It did look very good - Diner Burger good.
Get the empty page count using iText Java I have 800 pages PDF file, I want to get the count how many pages has been blank, among these 800 pages
I mean even airlines have more space (yeah, yeah, by only mere inches, but it counts).
Thanks in advance for all contributions.
This place has the best beef lo mien I have tasted in Pittsburgh.
As IntelliJ IDEA suggest when extracting constant - make static inner class.
Set the HeaderContainerStyle on the first column explicitly so it will not fall back to using the implicit one: Or, if you are creating the columns in code:
Bruschetta was full of flavor as was the rolled eggplant.\n\nPlenty of parking (paid) in the back of the restaurant.\n\nEvery time we are there we have the same server, Jim, which is cool by us because he's pretty top notch .
Your DLL should implement and link with a file which renames it to .
Wife had the pulled pork and was impressed.
It is a little more expensive than salsariats and qdoba but you get more food for your money and you are helping a small business by going here!
if I put A123 A983 A828 i know that i want to store the numbers 123 983 and 828 on a list).
I felt at ease by their presence.
For example, specifying {Enter}.{Esc} would cause either ENTER, period (.), or ESCAPE to terminate the Input.
Ate here yesterday for the first time.
A load in the large capacity machine cost $6.00, which seemed a little steep, but not too bad.
But it wouldn't surprise me a bit if I found out that she had declined to be promoted to a position where she couldn't surprise and delight her customers.\n\nSome people, it seems, just like a challenge.
"vagueness" of WPF still eludes me in terms of best practices and design patterns.
Sabbat de Sade is fun for public BDSM.
Oh, and remember to ask for you warm cookie.......
Every explicit transactions must be finished explicitly.
I am creating my companies blog and would like to know how to go about creating an archive page where the reader can click on the month/year and display all blog posts for that time period.
And they are a blast when the bars close!
I don't have MSSQL installed here, so I can't test this query, but it should be quite close.
I would definitely recommend this place!
And you posted on the wrong site.
You can use css3 transition and keyframes on adding class with js and then remove class after animation done (removeclass with setTimeout on same duration with css transition).
Like the other reviews - you will not be disappointed by the fresh spring rolls.
In a client-side app, the main concern is whether there's any user-noticeable slowdown associated with rendering templates.
Don't buy those old pre-made arrangements from the grocery store or the overpriced stingy bunch of flowers from other places.
It was an interesting combination.\n\nOverall, I felt pretty good about this restaurant considering its in Charlotte and one of the only German restaurants the city offers.
Service is your typical diner service so not bad.
\n\nWow, has she gotten a makeover: ATM in the corner, a bathroom for patrons (one that is actually somewhat clean!) and the absence of that old person-Ben-Gay smell.
The lady that helped us was wonderful!!
Maybe it's not possible to make two parallel connections via the same credentials?
How to extend a users session server side?
Salad bar was simple but delicious.
However, I've read that a major difference between 2.0/3.0 is the deprecation of the fixed-function pipeline (no idea what that is at this point), and that ES 2.x doesn't have a fixed-function pipeline.
Awesome food, awesome prices, awesome service!
So, I think, it can also solve your problem too.
He cleaned his plate.\n\nI wish I had seen the Thursday special before I ordered!
You should be able to change the function to draw a circle.
I do not know where the developer option button.
Instructors pride themselves as family extensions helping in this one particular area of leaning.\n\nThere are changing rooms with showers and toilets and from there you hand off your child to their instructor for a 30 minute session.
I know what is what, but not a very clear idea of about where to appropriately use them.
and as a parent I enjoyed that I didn't have to leave my child to go hunt food.\n\nthe nurses have been awesome and respectful of listening to my instructions for how to care for my son.
You can certainly ask Spotfire questions here, but you can also try the Spotfire section of the TIBCO Community here:
\n\nDespite my hotel experience, I must say, the staff at this particular Hampton Inn blew every other hotel's staff out of the water.
How does the client now know how to communicate on the new socket?
Also, their complementary valet service was staffed only by one guy and after waiting for about five minutes, we parked the car ourselves despite the rain.
If, instead, I download the django tarball, expand and use everything works as expected, i.e.
Removing the layout is not a solution.
How do I trace the error source?
You can setup for each song , add song to each channel and then manipulate channel instead of music object.
Their mobile site works very well, too.
Please try LUIS ( Language Understanding Intelligent Service ) ; this service is part of Microsoft Cognitive Services.
And it seems like, this is because the directive's isolated scope gets overwritten by the ng-repeat's child scope.
For that matter am I looking to do the correct thing here?
I appreciate any kind of help.
Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation.
Check out the patio in the summer time.\n\n\nI used to live in Lebo and miss this place since moving to Charlotte, NC over four years ago.
Sandwich lives up to the hype!
The servers are odd, but that's part of the experience.
It is not posted in their window anymore but they will do it!
that start a new worker thread (cpu bound), and it causes your problem.
I've got three corgis and after a co-worker referred me here in 2009, I'll never go anywhere else.
The bo berry biscuits are good if you want something sweet (and I mean sweet), but you can't beat just a plain, melt in your mouth biscuit.
YAY Mounds!!\nI've gone with my sister to get kitty litter and food here before and I really like this place!
Instead of using the object, I use the object to render the control as it will render the server controls properly.
The room was clean and modern.
In the notes for pixConvolve(), it says that the absolute value is taken to avoid negative output.
Instead, make the invocation expression a call to a method where that method will call : ...where is where is called.
\n\nMy only complain is that sometimes the rides are too crowded.
\n\nI usually got the curry laksa with chicken and salmon roll.
I think you need to implement a kind of a chat and not how to send a SMS via WiFi.
Stopped there for lunch recently and had a salad that will bring me back there again soon.
The key seems to be that you need to elucidate the relevant properties of F, since that's the algorithmic hook for an enumeration of C.
To check if is a holiday, you should join and togheter, with this SQL Code: This should return all EncData rows that are hoildays.
(You didn't ask about this, but if you want to share access to a global variable in your file, then declare it with the keyword in your file, and without in your file.
it's not a large one, maybe 20 planes or so.
We then shared the house chopped salad, which was full of great stuff and tossed in a light vinegarette dressing.
For dessert we ordered the chocolate covered pretzel and it was out of this world.
This is what transactions are for.
I had a beautiful, large room on one of the top floors with a city view.
This isn't a huge problem at home but in a public laundromat it can really be a disaster.
Don't be fooled by the single slices though, as it seems they use a different recipe for them (they kinda suck).
Were from south Jersey and have eaten at a lot of restaurants of all kinds.
by setting all buttons as active initially,on first click it simply becomes inactive.
The whole meal was a little pricey ($25 with tip), but it was more than I could eat.
Wonderful authentic Italian and great overall dining experience.
\n\nWe've been by for lunch which is very competitive price wise with nearby restaurants.
I don't have to go out of my way to dine here, since there are plenty of stores to visit.
I just happened to figure out how to rework the code to make fix this problem based on pygorex1's code.
The rooms were clean, and all of the furniture was very new.
When there is a failure I would like to log the page's generated HTML.
If I've understood correctly, the two smaller 3x2 squares represent the expected values of reward when starting from each node.
The Wine Vault sells local beers an wine ice cold available for purchase by the glass and bottle.
Download your theme from your local install, and upload it to the new site.
OR you can extend class with your own class, mention the same in manifest's tag.
When my girlfriend and I moved from NY we had to find someone reliable and trustworthy to work on our vehicles.
Even if you do int a; just a declaration it won't stop.
One of the largest in the country, you have to see this Y to truly understand the magnitude of it.
That being said, I was a tad nervous when taking my dog there last summer.
I expected a Friday night in downtown Charlotte to be busy and hard to get drinks but it wasn't that hard.
We really appreciated the staff being trained properly.
For doing this on the go (because I don't always have access to my PC) I've downloaded AIDE , which is basically an IDE for Android phones.
I made a Wordpress Plugin which includes a jQuery file.
MongoDB 3.2.1 Java BasicDBObjectBuilder I am getting the following Error when I tried to insert BasicDBObjectBuilder into collection Caused by: java.lang.ClassCastException: com.mongodb.BasicDBObject cannot be cast to com.mongodb.BasicDBObjectBuilder I thought I am passing the BasicDBObjectBuilder into a BasicDBObjectBuilder collection.
With a few flight bookings I've made, the carrier sent me a *.vcs file which contains "METHOD:PUBLISH" instead of "METHOD:REQUEST" which sounds closer to what we want, although in testing, this *.vcs file was not recognized by GMail as an appointment.
The best Malaysian food in town, also some great Thai food.
We got that and some appetizer platter and some wonton soup and some cocktails.
You can also write directly to file
I'm guessing you have an unexpected or inconsistent view/controller hierarchy?
They are regularly changing up their menu and offering different dishes that combine classic Italian cuisine with a unique take.
Both source and target are in the same directory.
Its a chill little spot that puts out great food at a reasonable price.
I ordered the Turkey Club with a side of macaroni salad and loved every bite!
I would have to say that this is probably the best and most consistent Chinese restaurant I have eaten in Charlotte.
I had a great experience with Union Cab when I used them to take me to my rental car for a trip out of town.
Very fast and efficient- It's fast Chinese food but it's better than the Panda Express type places.
\n\nMy husband ordered the seafood hot pot.
Papa J's is rumored to be haunted.\n\n(Because if cocktails at a haunted former brothel doesn't get you excited about drinking in Pittsburgh, nothing will.)\n\nOh, and that's where Frank comes in.
If you want to hop between databases, it's often just a matter of changing a single line of code.
We put our bags overhead and sat down, still haven't shown anyone our tickets and off the train goes.
D & D has a lot to offer from sandwiches and salads to massive brownies and lattes.
But my query still takes approx.
In winpho and ios, keep pressing for a second open a menu to open, download or save document but in android, seems to do nothing.
You forgot the quotes around the title.
Recently it is practice to move the core data stack implementation from the app delegate to a different class.
That is exactly where we wanted to sit.
\n\nI had the pasta trio (like everyone else, amirite!?) and indeed, the beginning portions of the pasta were small.
The RunLoop object removes its strong reference to the timer, either just before the invalidate() method returns or at some later point.
The problem is that the buttons are not the same sizes.
But in version 1.1 there seems to be a possibility
I have left work early to have this done as well, and it is still a long wait.
When one of my previous dogs had cancer he got me into the UW Vet School for treatment the same day (after they said they couldn't do it when I called them myself).
However, when my modal pops up, everything (including the modal itself is getting faded or greyed out).
Moreover, for the OracleDataAdapter to prepare the UpdateCommand/InsertCommand/DeleteCommand required, it needs a primary key in your table.
Nice location in the Bank of America Corporate Center.
Does anyone know a solution to force refresh Google Play cache through code or query purchases without using cache to get up to date info?
What you need is something that repects the callback on completion of the loop cycle and will alert when the update is complete.
The only way to do that is to use but that won't work unless your app is signed with the .
I went once for dinner but it was more expensive and took a long time.
Right click on the crossed-out " segment.
By removing an ID from a table you are essentially saying that this record shall be no more.
I've never had the pleasure of staying here but this is where my boyfriends mom stays when she is in town.
Also they have a loyalty card which is always a good thing!
Some themes don't have the Glyphicon stuff in it and contain just additional CSS information for colors etc.
The staff was super nice, the car service was prompt, our room was nice and the location is great.
\n\nGlasses of beer that won't stop urging you to take a gander at their naked bottoms.
We ordered the special of the day - a fried trout dish which was incredible.
Once I change the file - it seems that tests are using still the previous version of that file ( ).
\n\nOverall, this is my new favorite in Charlotte for dine-in Italian.
The coffee is great and I usually buy the endless cup as I stay for a couple of hours.
Also tasty are their broccoli bites and their huge ice cream sandwiches (homemade).
The same PHP installation is able to connect via Web service to another web server working with SOAP 1.1 without issues.
There for there are not part of object itself.
That's called character, people, and this airport's got it.\n\nIf there's one downfall it's that the older terminals were clearly not designed for the larger planes.
Before, the 'To:' section in the pop up was populating multiple friends.
The \""Codfather\"" is prepared 3 ways - \""Part 1\"" is tartar, lettuce tomato, \""Part 2\"" is coleslaw, fries and hot sauce and I forget what \""Part 3\"" is.
My dad and I both had the Heathen Vegan Shoplifters Delight.
Pro shop is small, but staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
you can create an AsynTask ..
The swelling afterwards was pretty minimal considering...
I'm sure that this error is result of using HasColumnType().
In the end, I learned how to manage the dog's behaviors and I love the dog dearly.
I needed a sweater rewoven and Lulu did an awesome job.
So I had to park further down then I was use to, I think the spaces made just for pick up were all taken up by the murder mystery people.....shame.
Plus their pre-made food is actually yummy.\n\nI'm able to keep my lunch on a budget by only buying lettuce and chicken from the salad bar (typically under 1/2 pound).
I managed to deploy them in a feature which also deploys a Page Layout containing two webpart zones, which are themselves populated during the FeatureAvtivated method of the feature receiver, with the 2 newly created webparts.
I even managed to get ice in my was from US Air....not that has anything to do with the airport but I felt the need.
Even weirder is when I call GetString() on that index, I also get an error with internalGetDate().
I have used Polly with great success.
Also, no WITH/CTE support - again, MySQL doesn't support this either.
You will need to use the RegEx.Matches function and iterate through the collection.
(Reference ) Below is the image of the crystal report.
Please help me to solve this problem.
EDIT: apparently this doesn't work, despite Google's documentation.
better way to find pattern in string?
Instead you should make your program robust to failures at any point.
First time flying US Airways was and pleased at the experience.
SBAR stands for Subordinate Clause (see After
If we simplify your example we will get: This means that we are trying to with initial value : From definition we can see that compiler expects that (each value in folding) and (init value) should be of the same type.
Trust me- I spent the night in the room next to the couple who was celebrating Valentines Day over and over and over again.
\n\nThe clubhouse is very nice - good food and a great patio to sit on after a round and enjoy a cold one.
\n\nThey have a business center you can use to check your email, use the internet, price boarding passes, etc.
It fixes a lot of internal errors.
The Bread was a dark, thick, hearty, fresh wonder (looked like Chocolate Cake) 3.89 stars.
Went for the Bell's tap take-over for Mad-Craft-Beer-Week.
This evening's performance of \""The Divine Sister\"" delivered the bawdy, irreverent humor that is characteristic of this theatre.
Everything is always delicious and fresh.
Some s however, I would like to set the attribute but it doesn't work since the light font doesn't have a "native" (?) bold variant.
AngularJS - Allow a calculated input to be editable I have a basic addition calculator that looks like this: Which looks like this: 2 + 3 = 5 I now have a requirement to make the third input editable and when changed it changes the value in the first input so that the numbers add up.
I couldn't drink the thing fast enough!
\n\nHarley's may be a little out of the way of the party sector, but you're guaranteed a traffic-free, open road, complete with the freedom to change lanes.
My husband and I have searched for the right feel of the church.
With VS2012 or with the VS2010 extension mentioned at you can create per-profile transforms.
I enjoy these new Giant Eagle grocery-monopoly attempts.
The mac and cheese was stellar and the greens were some of the best I've tasted in North Carolina.\n\nI finished my meal with the peach cobbler, which was fine, but not great.
This will capture the two square brackets Input Text Matches I"m not a python programmer, but I think you'll want to modify your script to be like this:
Every visit I contemplate getting a platter of the crab puffs for myself and no one else.
This requires all access to be performed using your Attached Properties, as simply setting the Thickness property will not use your AugmentedThickness.
My favorite is the mini version of their famous burnt almond cake.
The figures are definitely correct and I am definitely using the 'less than' symbol.
The project depends on a service interface witch is in it's own assembly.
I load inline content (including content map) with jquery .load() and the map is doesn't load or it won't show.
2 flexbox columns side by side, both with fluid height, with one never exceeding the height of the other I'm using flexbox to show two s side by side.
However, some of these are only referenced via reflection, so weren't included by default in the folder "..\lib\MyCompany.MSBuild".
Interestingly restarting eclipse did not solve this problem (usually with these types of problems restarting eclipse is the first thing you should try, and usually it solves the problem).
All is fine.I have done this.When there is no data in the Details section I am suppressing it using the below formula in the suppress.
We tried weekday buffet last week.
Example: So I think I have found a solution to the image problem but what about external links?
Hello buffalo chicken gyro!\n\nBut if you are craving for a fixin' of some stuffed cabbage, potato pierogies, or halushki, this is your place.
One complexity of MIDI files is Running Status .
In my view the directive triggering must be on the basis of data.
For this reason alone is why I am giving them four stars!
The chicken gyro never had that effect for whatever reason.
But this code is throwing error for line.
XML is just a structure that represents Data.
I've ordered the lox sandwich, and egg ham and cheese sandwich - both on everything bagels.
However, the music was almost unbearably loud in such confined spaces.
Their are many patrons that have lost their driving skill (think that South Park episode) and it may be frightening at times.
I got to choose my whip cream (!!!!) I chose chocolate.
It would try to install support package, but would always fail, and the actual package never got downloaded to C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\extras\android\support\v4\android-support-v4.jar
You can likewise run specific examples by referencing their line number.
This probably shows my naivete with regard to what you're supposed to order at a restaurant like Luce, but still, a good server knows EVERYTHING, or at least acts like it.
It really hit the spot so I'm upping my rating to four stars.
I believe this behaviour only works if your object implements a toString method You could return an array of rows using this code:
Why would anyone think that is okay?!?!
edit: I originally said "vstack" but I meant "hstack".
Your replace statement should be a regex string.
the selections are fairly good for all types of animals.
And oh my god, it tastes soo good.
E4X is nice, but it isn't supported by Microsoft.
Also, I filled it up with 99 to make 99 associated with blank spaces.
On the one hand, Legends is in my opinion the best campustown/Green Street bar.
I was too busy enjoying mine.\n\nI ordered the Turtle Sundae.
And everything worked, AC, toilet, shower, sink, so I have nothing to complain about.
it works even if the we try to access from other machine (i.e video call works ).
Install Oracle jdk in your Jenkins server and point JAVA_HOME/PATH variables to Oracle jdk.
There are a host of other great things about Park Terrace:\n\n- Shows high quality movies\n- Great location\n- Stadium seating\n- Vintagey sign\n- Not a madhouse\n\nThoroughly enjoyable!
Extraing data from json array and separate according to type So I am currently trying to extract information from a json array using .
I have tried this on wamp as well as lamp server and both produces the same error.
If at all possible you should store your additional values as input fields (one per value) rather than as meta-data on other input fields.
They doesn't really reset the value but they do reset the "time since last command" so doing often enough would prevent the server to close the connection.
I want to create a WP plugin with use of WP DB tables and costume ones, Ajax requests Rss feeds reading and writing and media storing and Google maps.
Someone who uses your class would expect to get something after executing this method.
The second week they had a lemon tiramisu and it was a little slice of lemon heaven.
They always have good specials that normally aren't on the menu.
I love the bulk section, especially since I can choose the quantity of what I want to buy.
The code you mention works fine with Qt 4.6.1 and GCC 4.4.1 on Intel/Mac OS X.
I love the slight spiciness of the sauce and the thinness of the crust.
How can I fix this error?
Is it possible to insert an icon in the arc of a donut chart with D3?
On the server people are not obliged to use a specific language, and JavaScript is so free-form that code becomes very difficult to maintain.
I am now a big fan.
These are veg, the rice filling is cooked down to a coarse 'risotto-y' consistency.
It's fun to browse the few aisles to see what else is in the world out there besides what's offered in your local Harris Teeter.
We started out with a half order of wings with a Jameson honey glaze.
Appending a html tag to php variable I am newbie to php, just starting learning it, while working with wordpress.
Cooked exactly to order and seared in butter, it was delicious and tender.
My only regret is that I didn't have more days to visit...maybe that good thing, because honestly, I don't think I would have left the store.
Object directory in Makefile.am My current Makefile.am looks something like this: This creates all the .o files in the current directory.
I keep the data around for the user to change certain values and then I want to return it to the web service.
The location was perfect -- close to the convention center, yet not right in the middle of all of the hubub.
Auch toll finde ich die ganz vielen Schaukelst\u00fchle die hier in den Hallen zum verweilen einladen, so wird die evtl.Wartezwie auf den Anschlussflug sehr verk\u00fcrzt.
not only have i never had a bad meal here, but i've never had anything short of FANTASTIC!!
I also recommend the taco salad, and the tacos themselves.
So I thought I should loop through all the divs that are not hovered AND got a defined sized (the one they got after they are behind shown), but I couldnt get it work, neither did I find a solution to loop through elements with the each function...
But I go every chance I get.
It was inexpensive and very tasty.
It seems I am not understanding how to do this.
Any idea if there's an API in the play services framework on the client side to force establish a connection to gcm if the app determines there is no current connection based on not getting an ACK for an upstream message?
You can taste the love cooked in.
If you inspect hierarchy you will see: -> -> For we have the following: -> -> -> (traits hierarchy is complicated, may be another chains exist).
stream context for custom stream wrappers In the code snippet that follows this paragraph I'm creating a stream wrapper called test using the Test_Stream object.
She came back later to see if I'd won or not.
My ring finger is a good deal smaller than the ring's past owner, however, and the ring needed to be sized down from a 7 to a 3 and 3/4.
This property can also be accessed and changed mid-game with the global.
This will be fired whenever all the resources initially present on the page have loaded (css/html/images/sounds/videos).
You shouldn't be storing all that HTML in the database.
From the moment that I checked in I was taken care of.
Put four tables where three should have gone.
Seating is never an issue.\n\nIt's good to have more BYOB options.
She even complimented my girlfriend on her selection which really made me smile.
Now, I'm not one to ever order anything that doesn't have meat in it.
I've looked it up and it refers to the Windows DDE protocol, but what does that have to do with this add-in?
went from working not too well on the command line to being pretty solid there, as well as having a working and almost polished webapp on Windows.
I got in the car and started driving when the smell of the chicken completely overwhelmed me.
I'm not sure if she had been fired, quit, or what, but she took the order and was never seen again.
We also had two glasses of French hard apple cider: delicious.\n\nSo the food was pretty good (but I still want to give it a try for dinner), and the service was also very friendly.
I've never had a bad meal.\n\nThanks bob
However I'm tried to continue and I generate samples.vec file.
Well actually all browsers comply with the same-origin policy.
I've only eaten in Wong's a few times.
It calls the main app and passes a string to it, in this case, a filename.
It was late & nothing was open.
But I don't know if jQuery supports that.
We devoured them as an appetizer for the table.
This dish itself is enough to make me a regular.
I am a dark roast fan - big fan of Fortune's French Roast and Espresso Roast.
In your redis.conf: Change to may solve the problem.
The wings were also really good, maybe even among the top three chicken wings that we had the whole trip.\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog.
From the ownership, the players, stadium, to the fan base we have it all.
I entered, on the command line, where 'untitled' is an executable file It ran successfully with out any 'file truncated' message.
\n\nScore\nFood Quality 5\nService 4\nAtmosphere 4 \nValue 4\nRecommend 5\n\nTier 1
I hope you can learn something from it, and have fun creating your game!
I've had a similar problem to this before and that did it.
This is done via annotations in the domain class.
Is there any official good alternative for webkit that works on windows?
But I have friends who are and they rave about the sushi here.
Went to this place with my friends.
Chocolate mousse, chocolate salty pretzel rounds stacked on top of each other with caramel drizzled over the entire thing.
In fact, there's the recommended way - via Apache/mod_wsgi - and all the other ways.
(Those things are edging out beets as my favorite 'why-hello-there-how-did-you-get-on-the-menu' food in Pittsburgh restaurants lately.) The crust is perfect.
For example, I would like to respond to the following query: "show me the total number of requests per user per day".
I ordered the pork bbq sandwich and if was really good.
Really cool find downtown near the train, museums, etc.
You can change the templates but unfortunately the post ID has to stay ..it's built in.
The easiest way to compare json strings is using from JSONAssert library.
Possibly the best I've had in Madison if I'm looking for something rich that will definitely fill you up and leave you feeling guilty.
For those of you who go beyond the appetizers, I highly recommend their General Tso or sweet & sour.
There are a few corners that are particularly nice, like the Rose Tower and Temple.
I was a little cautious to go in because I thought everything was going to be super expensive, but it was all priced within normal ranges.
Except when I create a new page it doesn't refresh the route map.
\n\nThe crust is in word, umm, ahhh, AWESOME!
How to convert no of days array into json format I have created an array of no of days using the for loop and than converted this array into json the $noOfDaysjson returns json as below :- but i donot want the no.
Uh, no, Tessaro's is a tin ceiling, hardwood walled, hand painted mural delight.
I stayed here for 2 nights while in Charlotte for business.
\n\nGirasole is a lovely little italian restaurant tucked away in a basement on Copeland Street.
Growing up in the soulless suburbs and listening to Nickleback, I never really crossed paths with The Milestone.\n\nOh, but it's lovely.
I answered ,which maybe helpful for finding your own solution.
I haven't had the chance to sit on the floor yet, so I won't include that in my review.\n\nYou make your selections off the menu and have some time to sit and chat with other people at the table.
Our server was very good and on top of refills and food came out of the kitchen pretty quick.
This is important because we are accessing methods from SportsCard in actual filters later and because CardBooks can contain only SportsCards, we make sure the iterated elements provide these methods.
As expected, it returns true .
\n\nThe service was wonderful and the servers really helpful.
It's a favorite of our children.
as much as i would rather have a washer/dryer in my apartment, this place makes it bearable to go to a laundromat!
django radio buttons in forms I have a form in Django with radio buttons that have various properties for users.
But I would truly go back to Harris Grill JUST FOR THE EGGPLANT LASAGNA.
I want to do photo effects which is uploaded by user in javascript I want do some photo fun effects in my website.
If it doesn't work - you need to find out proper server details ( check instance name, port number, if your user has the correct permissions )
The lotta burger was a must try!
The hotcakes are unbelievable but I am a really big fan of their home fries.
\n\nThe food was decent, but I don't think anyone comes here for the food.
If you are in Pittsburgh, run don't walk to Dormont and grab a seat at Dor-Stop.
Start it up :-) Step 2: Open the examples In QtCreator you have a lot of examples that come with the software and is immediately available to test out!
You can use, for example, rho=0.64 and phi=1.107 I want that in opened html file when you type parameters automatically calculates, and even better, that was a button "calculate".
For comparison, the Whole Foods in Las Vegas must be at least three times the size.
What I had to do was create a new object from a deep copy using this method.
I see, you want the "unique" combinations of children, regardless of order.
I just came to know about this excellent tutorials Their example concerns about computation needed for patch diffusion and shows how to access patch variable from java and change them in netlogo.
It was a great night to be outside.
I got it now.....\""It's a profit deal\"" (Steve Martin, The Jerk).\n\nI started with the Lobster Bisque which was served lukewarm, borderline cold.
The scene wasn't smoky at all.
$3.99 each and no option to make it a combo meal.\n\nThe cheese used for the cheese fries is an absolute \""boooo!\"".
This was fine for me since they were not rushes and she asked when the events were, so she knew they didn't need to be done right away.
Cooking in quantity always loses that special touch.
If you add sourcemaps, you add one more property to those virtual file objects, namely the sourcemap.
:)\n\nOverall, this is very yummy Thai food.
How can I add an anchor link at the end of this "More >" href?
Full service spa with facials, spa treatments, massages, wraps, etc.
We got the order to go and it was still super hot when we got home!
Make sure that is not .
I would definitely go back and order a pie with 1/2 the amount of cheese and some toppings.
The simplest CGI app looks like this:
A user can be logged in as User A in Admin area at the same time logged in as User B in Customer area.
The baked herbed chicken breast was also a little dry but very good.
You pick a three-hour timeframe, and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you're not sitting around all afternoon.
I have two pages: '/users' and '/users/:id' '/users' template: '/users/:id' page On clicking on 'View detail' button we are going to another page with other template.
Since we had also both ordered entrees with my girlfriend getting the terayaki salmon and myself the seafood tempura with a side spicy tuna maki, our meals actually started with a miso soup and ginger dressing salad.
I have only 2 users in the project and they are in both projects (I am the TFS Admin locally).
He thinks it must be cat food or something.
Perhaps this is done to prevent the on-demand clipboard from storing passwords or something to that effect?
Perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl.
Codd, inventor or relational model, later indicated that the traditional NULL is not optimal.
The slices of pizza were unevenly divided and my eating companions were quick to grab what might have been fold-able slices, but I feel like folding was a possibility for the crust.\n\nOverall, I'd go back.
Smoky Jon's is some of the best BBQ I've had in Madison.
I have two queries before this one.
The pointer returned by placement new can be just as UB-causing as any other pointer when aliasing considerations are brought into it.
There was a lot of cheese sauce in relation to macaroni.
By the time you fix A, B, C, D, and E, the one left is F and it isn't 5%, it's 30%.
In default mvc 3 application I set this changes: But, it is not enought.
The trains were usually early into the stations except for a half hour delay leaving Chicago due to a weather delayed connecting train, but most of that had been made up by the time the train arrived in Champaign.
The staff was great & service was fast, even with a line upon arrival.
Try using *.html and it should work.
Simply type network in the search field (or anything else you want).
Cars coming onto the road busy, so this must mean I'm not the only person that thinks this Culver's location is extremely awesome.
You need to first create a Running object within the Activity constructor using the "new" operator like so: Create an overloaded constructor in your "Running" class that takes the appropriate arguments as well, so that you can initialize your variable as shown above.
I suggest you inverse the logic:
Going from a Pei Wei to a PF Chang's is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending a WNBA game; it's so methodical and time consuming.\n\nOn our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift.
C++ method only visible when object cast to base class?
I need to do something like that, but When I try to execute this code it stops with an error And the error is in those lines:
I crave them all the time now.\n\nGreat service too.
Is there any similar way to mock the Service Initialization Parameters ?
Most of the crepes are of the sweeter persuasion.
To do so I'm using the module "express-subdomain".
I agree, htaccess can't help you.
UPDATE: Turned out that I misunderstood the problem: the checkboxes to be disabled are not inside the mentioned widgets and the actual task is to …disable the input type="checkbox" if the value of the input type ="hidden" that exist in the same is equal to the id of the li (widget).
Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done.
This is how my composer.json code looks like: I had defined/submited my package on packagist.org.
An error in the code contract will tell you exactly where and why the Contract was violated as opposed to having to dig down in some deep call-stack just because some bad data was passed in 5 levels up the call-stack tree.
The co-op is a hub of activity in Urbana with bike racks out front.
You'll need to add a custom import hook.
Callback function issue jquery I have an issue with an if in a callback function and I don't understand why.
Other machines ranged in price from $2.75 to $10.00 (super mega capacity machine).
I want to run maven tests twice, the second run must be straight after the first one.
Dunnigan's provides an adequate bar with daily specials.
The only problem is that you have to commit to drinking three or four beers instead of one - I'm not really seeing the issue with that, but I'm sure someone will.
or !, but it is a start.
Create a form, stick a textbox and an "OK" button on it, create a public property which contains the textbox's contents you can access afterwards.
I could go on and on but I honestly can't remember every dish I've ever had what I do know is not once have I left and felt like my meal was medicore.\n\nService is professional but also not pretentious.
Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad.
i have menu in side location and that code is : and jquery code is : but i want by clicking on first menu element with slideToggle slideToggle`.
There's quite a bit of Impressionism, which by scientific fact all women love.\n\nThis is great way to spend a long afternoon and there's plenty to do in Oakland afterwards.
A small plate is a whole to go container of rice & beans, chicken, and cabbage - so I have no idea what kind of food you get in a large plate.
What does this line of C/C++ preprocessor mean?
I seem to recall that in C++11, they made some changes to the sequencing behaviour and that now i++ and ++i have different sequencing requirements.
Our application is not interacting with AddressBook.sqlitedb at all.
There's something about the simplicity of this place, and the friendliness of the staff, that keeps bringing me back here.
A little far from the court in my opinion, but very clean, comfy seats, and great snacks and beer.
Everyone keeps pretty quiet and I would recommend it for studying or an afternoon read.
It stretches all the way around to the back.
The Laundry Factory does not have this.\n\nThey also have two mini lounges with full cable TV.
Now i want to create an event that when i select with mouse the Row (entire Row - so the name and the quantity) it shows me in the picture box the image of that item.
Can some one help me with that ??.
Totally comfortable location, somewhat friendly associates, no fireplace anymore but I can overlook that.
yet another thought: instead of having salt/pwd generated by user (how long/secure should they be?) Perhaps look into SQL server encryption options , moving the job to SQL instead of users and/or code.
Wow, they make an amazing sangria!
I was feeling the need for a snack the other day and happened to be in the area of this little gem.
Obviously you might want to hook this up to a UI or something.
\n\nThe atmosphere of the restaurant is mixed.
Each moment is represented by the class.
If you want to do tricky things with the my-header/my-header-item title/name attributes, you can do something like this: Demo: I have a more full-fledged tabs demo does this setup over on <a href="
There is a large, yellow room containing the main stage, and a blue, intimate room with a half-bar.
There are several good implementations discussed in .
How can I change this so that I can somehow save the time I first pressed space?
The slice was huge, the pepperoni crispy, the sauce really balanced (not too sweet, not too garlicy), the cheese fresh and delicious and the crust...oh man...thin and crisp on the outside, pillowy soft on the inside.
\n\nWe entered into the foyer (lobby) and were greeted by two cheerful hostesses.
I'll definitely be referring Glenn to my friends and look forward to setting up my next appointment with him.
A regular club sub, bag of chips, and drink will run about $10.
I am very grateful that the Cat Clinic & their wonderful staff was there for us.
So do I need to install PHPUnit to the project?
Any idea why this error is occurring?
I loved it.\n\nThe Pork Shoulder Sandwich was excellent as well.
The manager was outgoing and enthusiastic, and recomended the Mexican Gumbo.
Try adding the style inline to see if you can sort-of "force" it to work.
The food is of very high quality, and as such you pay a little more for it.
My son-in-law had the Cajun Pasta, being from Louisiana it wasn't very spicy, but good nonetheless.
The agile approach is to document only what's important.
This can also be done from the command line with:
In MVC, you would move away from handlers and utilize the Controller to return whatever data you like.
Here's what I'm getting from the LogCat console: Thanks in advance.
I love this store,I found my kind of clothes there .\nI am tall and getting older so this store is not just for 20 year old ones.\nAnd the prices are good.\nThe store was clean and so where the dressing rooms.
So the correct response to missed deadline depends on the chosen scenario.
In my opinion it is one of the easiest most well equipped airports in the country.\n\nFirst off all the gates are pretty close to each other and to add to the ease of use, their are moving platofmrs throughout the major travel pathways.
TOAD does it in my case.
And amazing designs that are custom made....
Delete row from the page without refreshing the page I use this method to delete a row from the table.
Everyone must be using CVS Covermark, busiest pharmacy in the area.
The crowd that shows up is challenging, lively, and exudes a great deal of sportsmanship.
Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!\n\nThe dining area is nice.
You are getting all 1s because the loop initialization statement will be executed only once for a loop.
And which one does not require long nights adjusting the code?
Located on The Green near Aquavina.
Try this : Just insert into bootstrap's html.
That's why you cannot update in the page.
I'm using Google's console (no code of my own).
and if I put a little less ...
From browser same url is hitting the servlet.
Start at MCIERR_INVALID_DEVICE_ID, subtract 256 from the error code.
They were perplexed by the diagnosis by the other shop of needing a new tire when the only issue was a screw about a half an inch inch long.
If I don't use ForkJoin, the time performance of two partition method is almost the same.
You need put the code bellow: Inside your bootstrap.
An architectural site, this is one of the better Westin's.\n\nPros:\nGreat restaurant, food is creative and tasty\nLocation in the middle of downtown Charlotte\nGreat for the price\n\nCons:\nRooms a little bit on the smaller side\n\nOverall, a great stay
I have tried many ways but it is not getting resolved.
It is one of the best live entertainment venues in Charlotte.
Independent format for a string representation of date/time value, for MS SQL server?
However, that's just the network stuff (static v.s.
I've been googling for a while, havn't found any built-in way to add them :(.
Our server was wonderful and we had a lovely time.
Can't go wrong with anything though.
From all the commands I used should work..
\n\nI must admit, driving to this place I was a little skeptical.
Also we've had the sweet and sour chicken and General Tso's chicken.
\n\nOh, and of course the fudge was too tempting to pass up.
So, it makes me all giddy inside to report that this Bank of America is not only clean and sparkly, but it's filled with really nice tellers, efficient services and a notary.
(widthout using any framework please!) Thanks in advance.
then in your student class increment the variable in the constructor
CAUTION: Proceed at your own risk.
On my next visit I'll browse the wine selection.
Some items are a little more expensive than other places, but considering the convenience, I don't mind paying a couple cents extra to pick something up at Metcalfe's.
I have to say this is the closest thing yet from home!!!
Grails: Is there a debug flag I can check?
The police in the area seem to really like eating here, there is almost always an officer dining when we go there.
(It's a much smaller and simpler extension of C than C++, for instance.) Your options other than that are quite limited: There's Carbon, Apple's legacy C framework for UI development.
Instead, trying using a to update you model, using the publish and process methods to keep updates synchronised with the EDT Check out Concurrency in Swing for more details and examples.
When looking at the security section for the db and the database server, I don't see that user anywhere.
I've been trying to make a custom Ebay shop template for the first time using my own CSS.
Now, I wasn't looking for that at Metcalfe's (I don't know if they'd have that even), but I found $2 Pork Butt Steak (which, the mere name of the steak made me question it - but for $2 I'll try anything once).
Her recommendation to split the truffle dinner and add an appetizer was perfect.
This is the ONLY way to eat quality meat.
So much comes down to data interoperability (or lack thereof).
So how can i force generation of the proxy to use the class from the namespace and not from the (default) ServiceProxy namespace?
My new favorite thing to do is to go to Crema Cafa (or any other place I suppose) and sip a coffee while walking through the gardens.
Yams are delicious along with salmon fish cakes and sweet potato cake for dessert
I've started rebuilding my tools to try and negate or track error better and automatically generate any numbers and graphs they could want, with included documentation throughout (while hiding away as obscure references the raw data they currently seem so eager to import to the 'magical' excel sheets).
Perl regular expressions are nice, but they can easily get out of our control.
It was perfectly seasoned for my taste, though it was a bit hot for my mother.
Great to split up the areas as it can get super busy and super fast.
I was just wanting more Shrimp and Grits.
Working example Manually looping over the data If you can't use filter you are probably stuck with just using a loop: Working example Even though brute-forcing it with a loop might seem less elegant than using , it turns out that in most cases the loop is faster than .
The galleries don't have the most intuitive layout, and I kept feeling like I was missing something as I walked through the smallish rooms.
TF-IDF as far as I understand is a feature.
Now the requirement of a customer is, that this "configuration area" should be saved in the roaming profile of the Windows user.
So maybe this does what you want?
You might be able to see from my main html file that I have tried adding in the data-table.html file using the attribute (and obviously creating a controller in the ajs-directive.js file).
lol\n\nOverall, I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra...
remove the "echo" error from the string its look like this;;
Spent my last hour at the gate when I would've preferred to have been spending money on a second drink and a nice dinner.
each category have its own subjects.
It came with a side of potatoes and two gigantic pieces of bread.
The outermost part is a list comprehension that creates a dict.
So since I have to spend 1-2 hour of my life every year getting pointlessly getting checked out, I'm glad I chose to do it here.
The more effiient way is using member initializer list .
Is it possible to draw a line chart using birt framework?
Using ES5 Syntax for older browsers To consider negative numbers too, don't use .
Since we were so early I took a break and it was again awkward reentering.
The front desk did finally take care of this.
The grilled fish tacos are every bit as good as the famous fish tacos in San Diego.
Download the JDBC JAR from the link I gave you.
Me don't want no pot belly.
You should call instead of .
So I tried running the code in the main thread like this: unfortunately this doesnt work either.
I know this a simple callback syntax issue, but its perplexing me.
There are several great restaurant choices within walking distance.
Everything was very enjoyable but where Merts really shines is at night.\n\nFor dinner, I had the salmon cakes on one occasion and the fried catfish on the other.
I finally figured out how to set the background image via this guide ( but I don't know how to set a color box above it.
I see this very often on blogs these days and would like to know how I can myself create it.
I was very surprised with how large an area this park encompasses, and so you would want to be prepared if you plan to visit.
When I did get my car back (Thursday), like others have said, it was in even better condition than when I took it in (besides the dent, of course)!
I volunteer easily 30 hours a week at the ARL, I get to see the good, the bad and the ugly, and I can tell you first hand that the good is in the staff, the Executive Director, Dan Rossi, and all of the work that goes on for the animals.
If you attach this script to particle, and you have a particle, then in your water collision script
Would be great to see a tutorial on what one does to then build out pageA, pageB, pageC so that they can be linked to via (or the Jade equivalent).
This is, hands-down, without question, the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh.
Enough to add moisture and flavor, not so much it was dripping everywhere.
I did not sample any other rolls tonight, but I'm sure I will be back to do so.\n\nMy dining companion had the chicken teriyaki.
You can read more about that here in the docs
I know Northerners and Westerners who have to pig out at Bo's or they don't think they came to Charlotte.
It's awesome to be able to see every beer you've ever had there, including the date, and your rating and comments about it.\n\nThe food at the bar is, well, bar food.
The preparations were executed to perfection.\n\nEntrees...veal Milanese...this is a beautiful double chop, \""paddled\"" into tenderness, dredged in house made bread crumbs, tossed with pine nuts and cooked to perfection.
I hope that the quality of wash and experience this time is the norm.
There are two types of validation that you should be concerned with: Input validation, e.g.
Not a big store and not one that changes inventory often.
\n+ Good coffee, with speedy refills\n\nI've heard the shakes and burgers are good; I'm too in love with the breakfast fare to venture to that side of the menu, but who knows...
The food coming out of the kitchen looked great --- especially the gyro's and french fries.\n\nI opted for the Quad-S (my term not theirs) Summer Sensation Salad with Salmon.
Finally, I should point out that the inability to resize the main window vertically is not new.
The voice command works, however it appears my service is not starting(no entries in log).
How to make this!please give me solution.
A couple suggestions: 1 ) Instead of this: Command="{Binding ViewModel.GetQuoteQuestionsCommand, Mode=OneWay}" /> try: Command="{Binding ViewModel.GetQuoteQuestionsCommand}" /> 2) Don't "roll your own" RelayCommand.
You're using Spark 1.3.0 and Python version of has been introduced in Spark 1.4.0.
So I have never been to P.F.
Very thoughtful and respectful people working here.
The fried oysters are my favorite - and I typically don't do fried!
I can do all that, but what I do not know is how to make the hyperlink look like a Label.
You are right, Titanium or phonegap do the job well...
Also, the $queryData field is mixed — what are the possibilities other than array?
#1 The warning is perfect here.
When the wizard is submitted, the user is redirected to the entities list.
Apart from using a , it might help to make your interface generic:
They greet you warmly, take your coat, and do the right things when you enter.\n\nThe restaurant was quite busy, and noisy as well.
Lighting is dark as is the decor--as with most Big Burrito establishments.
So to put it all together, use this:
You wouldn't retain ClassA in ClassB, because ClassA already owns ClassB and it's assumed that when ClassA is deallocated, it will take care of cleaning up any references in ClassB.
How can I synchronize the list of branches on the site with my machine?
it is the no of distinct order-item -code present
Cherry peppers gave it a nice zing.\n\nSalads that came with the entrees were fresh and big.
I just wish that someone like that guy from Clerks worked there, just to spice it up and add a little comedy.
So i have external tables of tab delimited data.
However, ASP.Net webforms is notoriously hard to integrate into such an environment, as the framework is very tightly coupled in itself.
The windows were tinted dark and when you looked through the door all you could see was a beaded curtain.
How to execute multiple async calls in parallel?
alright so this is what worked, the null characters in the array were causing issues and were returning the last null in the array so i forced the array to break after each if/else statement by putting x = memberAcc.length +1; and y = newMember.length +1; to do this.
They do an especially great job with the classic dishes, and they'll adjust the heat level to your liking, making it a safe place to take guests with little or no experience with Indian food.
In my above example, player A start the game, get a score and quit the game before they were ever authenticated.
I assume from the other article I would need to string together a series of MethodCallExpression objects somehow.
So far, opening the link in the following apps/browsers works fine: Android's default browser; Chrome - several versions Twitter app Something similar is also being done on iOS, and works fine.
Note that I'm using a as a cache here so that you get the same class object for a given combination of element type and features.
My animated player that moves on top of it requires collision detection with walls which I have coded keeping in mind the 1200x700 image.
It's hard to understand what you want to do from your wording but maybe this will help you to get a little further along.
I also witnessed a birthday party at which the kids were encouraged to yell and scream and be happy.\n\nSome of the exhibits could have used a little bit of maintenence.
Android: Delete app associated files from external storage on Uninstall?
Much thanks to Lisa for spending the time to teach my about the clock & how to take care of it and her dad for fixing it up!
\nTrust Arts gets a great selection of shows to come to Pittsburgh so you can see a great Broadway series production in your hometown or if you visit Pittsburgh.
$11.20 for 1/2 chicken, slaw, onion rings, and large soda.
Is it matter of how many activities have been piled ontop of activity A on the activity stack?
They're usually pretty fast, but can get really clogged up during busy hours.
How you do this depends on what you mean by between: are the end points included or not?
This place is not like Denny's /Perkin's because they offer a vegetarian main course that is amazing(I didn't care much for Denny's Boca burger.)\n\nThe prices are a little high.
You need to combine all of the product IDs into an array and use that as the value for ecomm_prodid.
I want to this type effect all / some of them.
The rest of the menu is inconsequential -- trust me, just get the ribs.
But it is plentiful and delicious.
Your code is actually SCSS, not SASS.
It is using thread for each packet but only first packet is traversing the route.
Sure, it's probably not what Italian die-hards are looking for, but it is a chain restaurant and it does a very good job once you consider that.
Served warm, loads of blueberries and blackberries, crumbly topping...YUM!
Expect lines on Friday and Saturday.
I haven't used sublime, but here is what i found.
Favorites are probably black marlin, soft shell crab roll, yellow fun tuna, anything with eel, just about every entree and their ice cream!
It works on IE 11, Firefox, Opera &amp; Chrome, but not Safari or most mobile browsers.
However, when I compile the IPA and test on the iPhone, only the first two "tiles" move (I can only see two thirds of the movie clip with swiping), as if I swipe to the third "tile" I cannot swipe back at all.
\n\nI'm looking forward to trying several more sides including the mac and cheese, broccoli and cheese casserole and collard greens.
My personal favorite of Andy's is the Philadelphia roll - without hot sauce!
let alone say) and this location (downtown in the BBandT building next to the Caribou- bonus!).
I want to iterate through each row of 'CH' and subtract the next row from the current.
The raw onion went well with the whole Beto's thing they have going on.
Obviously for whatever the target architecture is.
it seems that this way around ie changing from height:100% to height: auto displays it correctly as opposed to the way i was doing it starting with no height and adding in height 100% if overflow scroll is* supported..
this, and they get the haircut done in around 10 minutes.
The compiler error I get is: error C2660: 'CChild::doIt' : function does not take 1 argument
You should be able to write a MR job to re-split the files, but I think Partitioner should solve the problem.
I pickled a classifier that I trained using 8000 training tweets.
It was a let down after the Dreamsicle, but there was nothing wrong with it.
Try this updated regex: See demo .
They get packed so expect to stand around, the place is small but no one cares and they will hang out for a while, it's hard to get a table at this smoky \""garage\"".
- and they make a kickass Amaretto Sour (my fav next to Irish Car Bombs, btw, so you should buy me one if you see me out at the bars ever ^__~, they're like a Starburst in a glass!).
So even if you're full after breakfast or lunch, grab one of the desserts to go for later enjoyment.
\n\nThe cons: Some other guests can be overly drunk and, therefore, douchy.
It was a welcome warm spot on a cold November night!\n\nI had the Pasta 3-course meal and was thrilled!
Is it limit for youtube json connections?
The easy way to do this is with , which takes a function of type .
This includes trying the dress i wanted in the smallest size they had on hand (2) and having their alterations lady drop what she was doing and come pin me up to confirm that it was indeed too big.
I'm thinking about going back for some more rings.
Holy lord Mac and cheese with pulled pork and chili.
Everything I've tasted has been pretty good!
Scala: how to understand the flatMap method of Try?
And In the second approach I'm storing these ids on the user's schema itself.
I pulled an image for Oracle 11g Full.
\nI also finally had their chicken tenders over the weekend and they were excellent.
A trailing newline character is kept in the string (but may be absent when a file ends with an incomplete line).
I found nothing on the internet.
We both experienced him listening to what we wanting, excution was excellent and place was pristine.
If we modify this to then we get the expected To get to be explicitly linked to, we have to prevent from using its own builtin version with .
\n\nPeople's is amazing and fresh, vegetarian friendly, pleasant staff, warm and inviting.
I'm just getting into coding and put together a webpage using dreamweaver.
Free breakfast buffet for the guest?
If you want to update a progress bar, you have to know how many total bytes there are in the file, and how many total bytes you've read up to this point.
As pointed out in the comments below, you can no longer use the helper but you can still make use of the helper.
You will need to adjust the MySQL settings so that it uses more memory.
How about something like this - If you have a predefined calendar objects which doesn't have a property to store events you can use to attach a new property and store an array in there.
Home Fries come with it and all I can say is I hope your hungry.
At that point the new agents would be redistributed to the players to be trained and scored by the players again.
There was a First Wok where I used to live and the Beef and Broccoli combo was my favorite!
I know, why'd I order it...did I mention the huge hunks of lobster?
It was expensive but he was happy the food was great and free v parking.
The atmosphere was friendly and the place was busy but not crowded, which is a good sign in my book.
I liked it because I like black licorice.
Shadyside is one of my favorite neighborhoods in the city, especially on a Saturday afternoon.
The buffet turns out to be the way to go.
Place the carrot to the right-end of the content (i.e.
Be sure to come early for the best selection.\n\nPrices are decent, but the staff can be grumpy.
Great selection of birdseed, birdhouses, books, and other fun wildlife-related gifts.
They do serve a large portion, and there is a wide selection of entrees!
I see following messages (Missing Application-Library-Allowable-Codebase) in java console while downloading many jarfs/plugins Whereas the same changes (modified all the manifest files with above attributes) done in to a different repository seems to be working fine with java 7 u45.
I'd be like, 'Oh, it's a day ending in Y, I need to get my ass to the little pink doughnut shop.'\n\nThe doughnuts are so good I got the school bus driver to stop.
Outside of walking through the very busy bar area downstairs, I've not experienced the main masses at this Irish pub.
Note that you should merge your own branch, and not remote-tracking branch of canonical LibraryB.
The service still works fine, and the namespaces are all being used properly.
Hot, fast and very tasty American-style Chinese food.
I got delivery and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time, but it was over done for my liking and colder than I expected.
But if it is very big database, and it takes a lot of resources to get the data back, I would create some schedule tasks, or use Django signals to collect data as the some order occurs.
If you're here for a short layover be prepared to book it if your connecting flight is on the other side of the airport..it'll take a while!
As far as I know there is no problems to work with Variant variable type in other languages.
The Raspberry Truffle Latte is my personal favorite, but be sure to try their other speciality drinks that they post.
I was greeted and the man was very cordial.
Be careful about assuming that int operations are always faster than float operations.
I solved the problem by removing the line from the exitscene event of the scene and arranging the code like below
So again, not sure about how pricey this place is.
However, this particular one is currently being remodeled.
Seems to work for me, what browser are you using?
\n\nMy Father-in-law had the wonton soup, and he raved at the complexity and depth of the broth.
Especially a function already in operation.
Postgresql has the best feature set of any of the open-source databases, and support for XA transactions, which you will probably want if your application is a three-tier system and supports transactions of non-trivial complexity.
When i use everything seems normal but i noticed not everything gets filled properly in one of the gui's (one listView stays blank even thou there are 3 simple add items in .
Thus, it will construct a new object using the constructor you passed in.
The red curry is probably my favorite.
Use to specify the number of bytes for each file and then compare them.
We were both impressed how well the food held up after that amount of time!
Put your nested loop into a function and return true/false whenever you want to break the loop?
But generally, navigating through properties in EntityDataSource is supported and works.
I was wondering if there was a way to show individual US states on page load?
So why are string in .net case sensitive by default?
If the device does not support WPD, then try access the device with WIA Automation Layer .
Now, I have multiple databases and multiple stored procedures which returns me all data which is specified by API contract.
BUT, all that honestly wouldn't keep them afloat if their food wasn't good, and it is!
But different thing is how you fire next Intent in onReceive method.
The place was crowded, we were seated at the last open table.
That is as expressed in the answer given by alecxe In comparison to: Should one use fetchmany as specified in psycopg2 or DECLARE BINARY.
For main courses we ordered the salmon and the lobster ravioli.
The new software we are writing are all making use of the C++ library.
Like some another vulnerability - Like allowing PHP file uploads to my system?
I got Vegetarian B (...why do all Mexican restaurants follow the same formula for their vegetarian menus?) and it was good.
How to make OR operator in regular expression?
Use of language extensions for dynamic memory management was also common.
Reminded me a lot of many other Thai dishes I've ordered with the smoky flavor of the noodles and the grilled, crispy veggies.
I'm thankful to the gentleman for reaching out to me.
I signed my bill and added my tip.
WinRT has method of class , but you can not open any file with that method.
This function displays all the data stored in array right from application launches.
The place is small, with a huge bar in the middle.
Instead of creating a local variable, set the instance variable to the new model.
I would definitely recommend Myers Park Tailor!
Try checking if the count of the is greater than 0 instead of Just change to .
The goat cheese was the primary culprit.
There's just something special about Ritter's.
New routes put up monthly (on avg)...\n\nPrice: Considering how nice the gym is $50 for a monthly membership (includes free rentals) isn't too terrible...
I use to come here in my early twenties and gorge out.
In this case its pointing to a different domain happens after page load so don't want to show the indicator
Here are some sample starter apps .
attentive but not overbearing....\n\nthe manager was exceptional .......\n\npricey but well with it\n\nCody recommended the fresh spinach salad ..
If I don't, it returns empty string.
Some close alternatives are and .
The others got varying dishes of fried chicken and beef ribs, with sides of fries, mac & cheese, collard greens, and the works.
Otherwise, you'd have to use this kind of service: Find a Location by Point
I suspect your problem is that you need to set the attribute on the parent .
\n\nOne plus was the ladies restrooms.
(content is shown by the Database for the given domain) Now I want to develop a new page but I would need a htaccess auth only for this domain.
While you could use -cp to javac to add the required dependencies to this compilation, you'd be far better served by learning ant or maven.
Fresh eggs, delicious mac and cheese, corn bread.
I am trying to integrate CitrusPay SDK to my iPhone application.
A quick googling shows LOTS of tutorials.
I've lived in Bloomfield for two years now, and have yet to identify \""my spot.\"" I love the neighborhood -- great restaurants, bars, local business, art spaces, etc.
Sounds good for lunch today though!\n\nWe both had salads, her's the mixed greens with garlic vinagrette and mine a Caesar.
We broke down on Sunday and had our car towed there on the recommendation of a friend.
Thankfully, I trust Rosa and the crew at Eden Cleaners.
This could happen when the Selenium Server version that you have does not support the Firefox browser version.
All of the curry's hit the spot as well, my favorite is the red bean.
(BTW, I'm a huge fan of Goodwill, too.)\n\nThey do have a dressing room!
Shopping cart was perfect and my cashier was super friendly.
Note that the result will still be limited in accuracy by the system hardware.
Is there any good alternative for python's webkit module that works on windows?
The datagridview will save nothing in itself.
Some places just throw a bunch of pepper in so it taste's peppery rather than having heat.
My companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup, wild mushroom omelet, and a glass of fresh orange juice.\n\nWhile waiting for our food, we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins, scones, and super rich and buttery biscuits with honey butter.\n\nThe smoked salmon came with capers, minced red onion, crumbled egg, a drizzle of aioli, and a beautiful fried potato cake.
thrift - address already in use I use Ubuntu 14.04 LTS.
In PHP, are objects methods code duplicated or shared between instances?
Produce an iCal appointment and subsequent updates via email but don't offer accept/decline options We are writing a system that has a booking feature, and we are planning to have it send *.ics files via email to attendees so they can easily add appointments to their calendars.
I am so mad at myself I didn't schedule with Dr.
A nice selection of drinks (reasonably priced for Downtown Pittsburgh + next to a stadium) and the menu was easy to follow with plenty of variety.
I will add this: there are no dressing rooms so be prepared!
It is cooked in a pork bone base and served with Japanese egg noodle, roasted pork slices, bamboo shoot and green onions.
Using boost::tuple in tr1::hash I want to define .
We decided on sharing a large pepperoni and sausage pizza with a family style portion of their Rigatoni with this sausage meat sauce.
People who like each other must be in the same set, and cannot be in the same set as someone they dislike.
AWT and SWT are basic implementations and bit hard because of the limited GUI components.
How can I simulate events like Series1DblClick or Chart1ClickSeries when programatically creating Charts and Series on the runtime?
Upstream was hands-down some of the best seafood I have ever had!
I had similar issues recently, also with a site hosted on Azure though I don't think that was the cause.
I went there again this weekend and their menu has a lot to choose from.
It is not on the table, but they have.\n\nThe service was great.
You might not have write permissions to install a node module in the global location such as , in which case run npm install -g package as root.
The ushers are helpful and will let you in if you are few minutes late \n\n(Grrr that Pittsburgh parking), speaking of parking I would park at the 9th and Penn garage or the one on liberty and ninth if you can.
It was just OK in my opinion, it didn't have any lobster in it and was creamy enough but I've had better.
Redirect .aspx URL's to non .aspx URL's - using htaccess I recently moved my website from a ASP/IIS server to a LINUX/APACHE: Most of my new URL's looks the same, but without .aspx extension.
\n\nChicago Dog Ingredients: Check \nRestaurant Ambiance: Excellent (Check)\nOutdoor Seating in a Park: Check\n\nGoing back for many more hotdogs: CHECK!!\n\nThey also offer combos so you can wash down the dog with some delicious fries and a soda.
Speaking of desserts, I remember being pleasantly surprised with the bourbon pecan pie.
Both seem to be useless for my scenario.
The Village Green burgers sort of yearn for American Cheese.
I've tested the code on other elements, , , even something like and they all work fine (ofcourse, removing ",0" fails the code).
I definitely recommend this once for simple diner food done well.
is in a good location, the city requires car or taxi for transportation.
You could try to use Notice that H is hour, s is second, i is minute, and u is microseconds.
It is clean, spacious and open with nice views overlooking the city.\n\nSara did a great job and continues to do so (I'm loyal like that).
Silverlight ListBox control doesn't rebind correctly I'm using a ListBox control with an ItemTemplate like so: Then, in the code I dynamically bind a collection to the ListBox like so: But at times I need to rebind a different or modified list of items to the ListBox.
The sauce was interesting and unlike anything I've ever had before.
As their name suggests exceptions should be used for handling exceptional cases.
One is in seconds, the others in in microseconds, you you need to scale: nsICookie2: Admittedly, it is quite confusing to use different time units.
A curved shower curtain would do wonders.\n\nThe front desk staff was so nice!
Yikes!\n\nWe kept changing our reservation number throughout the day, and by the time we arrived, our party was officially a party of four instead of six.
You do not under any cuircumstances want to rely on a join to a product table to figure out the price of an order in the past.
Hanging out here is very relaxing.
There are always a few audience members behaving naughty that was my only complaint.
I mean, it's tea service, not a five course meal!
First i select the two period(time) which can be like : and then compare with the rese_data(datetime)
So domain.com/lang/one/two/three is rewritten to /index.php?lang=$1&amp;path=$2 It also has domain.com/assets directory that holds all the common files (css, images etc.) Now I want to change that every language has its own domain which I think could be managed by using mod_proxy, mod_proxy_http and mod_proxy_html in Apache.
but i wasn't too sold (i'm not really a chocolate pastry kinda person..unless it's chocolate mousse or flourless chocolate cake or has the words \""molten center\"" in its name).\n\nthe pecan tassies.
The space you are getting is the space below the baseline which is for the letters to go below.
I was recommended this restaurant by a friend a year ago and I loved it when I first went.
Bottom line, this hotel is definitely worth staying at again!\n\nCheers!
Stored Procedures using LINQ with VB.Net Newby here and I cant understand why the data isnt staying in the table.
I really love the outside yard in the back where there are several tables and a play area for kids.
In this panel, a (confirmation dialog) is show in a good case scenario.
regarding second example In the second exaple you have given the result of the function call is registered to execute on when the happens.
As mention in " ", "doesn't do exactly what the asker wanted, because it populates the index and the working tree from (since this is, after all, a command)" So a cleaner solution would be to , and then import that branch in your current repo (where was renamed, and where there is not a branch yet) That way, your branch starts from a clean history.
Remove Query String from Rootdomain I know with a simple redirect one (Sub-)Domain or Folder to another i can get rid of a string like this I know how to get rid of it when it is a simple file too.
I do get sick of hearing the same music every time I go, but there are some great songs in the mix.
(Thanks for not going over the top and making this place cheesey old-timey.)\n\nVibe aside, their food is great.
Actually it is still log4j underneath the slf4j, but what if I want to change log4j to some other logging mechanism?
It'll remove all spaces and EOL at the end of each lines.
Maybe it's because I always hit Frugal's before a road trip (The alcohol is for the destination...or is it?) Maybe it's because the sight of Carowinds excites me.
Buffet, while small is totally worth it.
\n\nThere's old world charm when you order.
The ambiance was very nice as well.
I had the spinoccoli deep dish pizza and i loved it!
It the buns had poppy seeds!
Due to the third annual Schizophrenia hardcore/gabber event, my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.
Without knowing more about what you want (e.g.
How to reference to a Method inside a Class in urls.py I have this And this is my But when I go to my url, (I am using a different for each app), I get this error: If I move the method to out of the class, it works fine.
I think you are missing a comma after and then you don't need the trailing semicolon
If they do have relationships, then your only option is delete all the existing readonly and repopulate by building new objects on the fly.
My filet was cooked well and tender.
Thursday night I always need a quick dinner, and Silver Mine Subs did not disappoint.
For it to work how you wish it to, you'd need to remove the else and just use 2 statements, such as; I believe you're slightly missing the point with the else.
The beer selection is way better than any other bar on campus.
The complimentary breakfast is on point!
Adding self.name in init would look like this: or you can also simply do and then go on with name instead of self.name.
But if the rule doesn't exist when it tries to remove it a Fatal Error is thrown.
I guess we'll find out on my next visit.
I want to compliment every sandwich maker in that department, specifically Bethany, Eric, and Rick.
Now, about the structure of your program.
What am I doing wrong please?
Version: xcode 7.1 How we can fix this issue?
All the sandwhiches I've tried have been great, and the pie is SOOO good - especially any one with peanut butter in it.
We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.
\nMen's locker room/shower is sometimes like a family reunion for 3rd world countries\nThey just need a few signs demanding that people walk on the right and stop with the drama and discussions in stairwells and corridors \nHope I didn't insult anyone.
I had a wonderful breakfast at Pamela's.
Then add it as a resource to your project and put it inside a UIImage like so: Then create a UIImageView which contains that image: Finally then you can assign that to the "accessory view" for the cell you've set up already: Hope that helps!
After we had finished the plate our server ended up bringing out a side of rice onto which he poured the sauce from our now empty dish.
The goal is, the user should be able to select the UITextField on the first row, enter a value, and when they hit the 'Next' key on the keyboard, they will be sent to the UITextField on the second row.
When I noticed a very minor issue with the appearance of the navigational system in my car, I went into their shop to see about getting it fixed.
Then, bug 489259 was opened in 2009.
It's pretty common to have a header and footer of the page (not inside any section), in that case, should the remaining in between those tags be wrapped inside a section tag, as if delimiting the "content" of the page?
Timer thread has exited with code 259 (0x103) I want to make a clock which display UTC and Local together.
I have not had such problems-everyone has been nice and friendly when I went to check out.
You can send a direct update statement to the Oracle Engine in this way.
27 holes and a nine hole par 3.
I've been a racquetball player most of my life and the courts here are fantastic.
Loop an array to replace DIV class I have a landing page with a full page banner and an enter button central.
She was very friendly and a delight to have serve us.\n\nWe dined outside since there was a nice cool gentle breeze blowing.
The actors are identified by actor.id
4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction.
SnapView in Windows 8 app I want to add SnapView and want to handle all screen resolutions in my blank grid app in Windows 8 , how to achieve that ?
I know it's a different style of Pizza, but for the money, Papa Del's is still better.
Not fancy but great Indian food at a really reasonable price.
Plus, buy local...I guess...is it local...yeah, is it local if it comes from thousands of miles away???
Remember that the modifier on a member means that this member is associated with the type itself , rather than with a particular instance of that type.
It was okay, the raspberry had a hint of sourness but at the same time the ice cream balanced the sour taste.
Here is what happens in a current version of HotSpot: Any lambda expression is bound via an invokedynamic call site.
I only wish we would've brought a bottle of wine since it's BYOB.
We purchased our wedding bands from the Park road location.
About the code, you don't need the wrapper.
For example, I want to take the parameters from a 7x7x512 filter in Caffe and port it into MATLAB for use as a convolutional filter there.
It's a very interesting beer with a mojito taste to it.
callback function with underscore _.each() I'm trying to implement an _.each() (that I wrote) inside another function and I keep getting "undefined" returned to me.
Is there a import that can be used such that I can use the same syntax in Python 2?
Has anyone else had problems with this and recognises the memory profile of the app?
Love that I'm able to choose my own car.
I think there is any type of store that you could want.
For objects intended to control the database access we have the DAO suffix for Data Access Object , so we have a , , , etc.
I've never had anything bad here.
I no longer live in Pittsburgh but I loved Alberta Modern.
Since you are using a Mac, I assume you have Ruby installed.
To do this you would need to keep track of the text's position (rotation?) and size, manually.
On Thursday 9/21/12, James Lastra played the Double Door Inn.\nAfter several successful shows at The Evening Muse, he was booked by Afton Showcase to play this legendary venue.\n\nA great honor to perform on the same stage with some notable artists like Eric Clapton, Stevie Ray Vaughn and Buddy Guy.
Make sure you've got a valid email address for anyone who posts (as per S.O.) and implement a CAPCHA on registration and when you think someone might be behaving oddly.
A+ all the way from this foodie!!
Yes, folks, traditional sushi rice is seasoned with a slight glaze and a very subtle sweetness.
He even made the entire menu gluten free (many family members have celiac's or are gluten intolerant, myself included).
The main purpose of the script is to download certain resources and to install dependencies before the application starts.
The zipper was riding up in the back and it looked terrible.
\n\nFor a smaller stadium there is a really impressive amount of food and drink options.
I was thrilled to find a current exhibition of Medieval Persian pottery -- found along the ancient Silk Road route -- currently running as well.\n\nSay what you will about H.
This though sets the minimum allowable date to April 27, 2016, due to a timezone conversion.
My toes look GREAT, the staff is super nice!
How can I set this up so it ensures uniqueness, but only for a defined attribute?
Trust a man with an epic mustache.
Best part is the old-fashioned coffee roaster and barrels full of beans.
You can mix and match here, and you get a large cornbread serving with your meal.
And this looks like (possibly) another representation of the template.
I always enjoy coming here for lunch.\n\nI love that Zorba's has specials everyday- I usually come on Thursdays for the Gyro Special.
I would suggest that you don't add your functionality on top of the selected property of the cell, which has slightly different behaviour than you expect.
The wait staff was very friendly.
Lets say you removed the record by accident, and it ended up replaced by something else, you would not be able to easily restore that record.
It seems to work without it.
i am adding the uiimageview in code and its a part of a CollectionViewCell When the user touches the cell the animation stops, why does this happen?
Instead of an array of objects, use an object that uses the as a key to store an object containing the and key/property values.
I decided to use namedtuples to store each instance of a change and to then put those namedtuples into a single master data list -ready for export to csv.
You can use a category blog and it's options to show your articles the way you want.
Went in and worked with this funny and wonderful man.
Together with rollback facilities of source control this will get you a large part of the x/12 score.
EDIT: Why do you want to avoid writing a file?
If you've ever been to a Sam's Club (and I was a member a few years back), then the experience at a BJ's will be the same.
Honestly, I love america for businesses like this.
I generally hate flavored coffees, but I always enjoy the flavored coffees here, especially the Hazelnut and Coconut when they are featured.\n\nThe remodel makes the place much more inviting than it was in the past, and I love going in the mornings and seeing all the regulars.
Then experiment with different work group dimensions.
If you go at a good time (weekday evening or early morning on weekends) it's also pretty empty -- which I like.
He immediately agreed, asked me a few questions, and disappeared.
When the task is executed, I get a task already started error.
This is probably the best choice for accommodations if you have to go to the convention center a lot since there is an air-conditioned pedestrian bridge link between the hotel and convention center.\n\nI thought the room and beds were comfortable.
Our server informed us that the ravioli was infused with thyme, but spank my bottom if I didn't taste a thing!
I couldn't recommend him more highly.
I'd like to be informed after both actions have been performed.
You can use this code for your same work: Only you need to bake your file.
I could eat that every day.
All in all if you like hot dogs you should try this hot dog joint.
Server listens on default port Client attrmpts to connect.
Staff is very accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so.
This would be very easy with the PHP SDK.
First, just don't use factors when creating the data.frame; you can factor post-hoc if you really need them.
In other words, that code "obj != null" should never be hit at all.
It wasn't \""bad\"", it was just \""meh\"".\n\n5.) Oh, yes...
You can use to accept a string from the user.
For $9.63, I got soup, salad, vegetables tempura, 6 avocado rolls, steamed rice, and pickles.
What has been done/tried: The app has the needed content filters and intent setup correctly, and the filters were set to handle both a custom protocol scheme ("example://") and HTTP (" "example.com") - one at a time and both at the same time.
WPF textbox with image I'm doing a WPF login interface.
When a assembly' s AssemblyVersion is changed, If it has strong name, the referencing assemblies need to be recompiled, otherwise the assembly does not load!
The code looks like this: There are nested subscribe() calls which I want to get rid of.
For achieving this event logs must be analyzed by using a Mapreduce job which would run once a day automatically (every night).
UPDATE using html form (edit button) php/mysql I'm trying to figure out how to UPDATE a post in my db using html form.
I have a database column called pymnt_meth_pref, which contains a comma separated string of payment methods chosen from a multiselect form.
Relying on statics or globals is usually a bad idea, especially in a multithreaded environment like a Java servlet.
I'm not unsympathetic to needing to do some table switching to accommodate us, but it appeared as if the hostess meant to solve the problem and then forgot about us once another problem arose.
Here is my code : Here is the function for the render parameter :
Huge wine selection and wine accessories are also a draw.
My massage chair was broken too and did this weird sorta of vibrating thing.
Thanks in a advance for any help you can give.
1.Connection 2.Content-Encoding 3.Content-length 4.Content-Type 5.Keep-Alive 6.Server 7.Date Here is my code.
Use json-simple (Java, Eclipse) to convert a txt file to JSON file, some special characters does not shown properly in JSON file I am using json-simple to parse a txt file to JSON file.
:D) and has no meat (yay!)\nHubby ordered a dish of pesto omelet!
I think perhaps the only Burger Joint in town that is capable of cooking a burger properly to order.
I was surprised that the dress code was so casual for such a nice place; my husband and I dressed up (hey, it's not every day that we eat so fancy!) but we saw folks there in shorts and flip flops, too.\n\nWe started with the delicious bread, and calamari.
\n- Hotcakes: kind of like a thick crepe, but better.
You should use different format string for the columns names.
I'd start by issuing the URL request from an ordinary web browser to make sure that the response is what you expect.
I ordered fan fried dumplings and chicken wings.
The best place to get a beer in Charlotte, period.
you need to initialize properly by setting it to explicitly in 's constructor.
You can generally add a grouping but then have it collapse or expand on demand.
Try to split it up in transactions of, say, 10k nodes.
That would help greatly during development.
I've already done this in perl, the code is below, but I'd like to replicate it in .net to get some more exposure to it.
how to use the postgres database embedded with Mac Lion?
Also great for a quick bite on your own.
SERVER: The 'something' runs a specific command with the taskinfo as params PARALLELY in the BACKGROUND > saves output to DB AJAX: -> Apache -> PHP -> Checks DB -> Returns info to user.
Definitely an upscale, pleasant place to eat lunch or dinner.
Here is my code : I can't understand why my app is not working.
Is there a way to find out when I'm creating Proc1?
All hints about this I found up to now lead to formulas that do count the rows which have a not empty content (including formula), but a cell with =IF(1=2;"";"") // Shows an empty cell is counted as well.
Boost Spirit Qi : Is it suitable language/tool to analyse/cut a "multiline" data file?
In this method, since the code now knows (we did, already in 1.) that it is a view controller that will call , we can place the specific stuff directly in the blueprint implementation, and needn't send it as a long list of arguments.
Having different entrances for cats and dogs is nice, too!
Really creamy with lots of clams.
My friend chose a burger with no cheese or condiments just to savor the burger in it's pure form.
Maybe, however, have a blacklist of protected views that cannot be overridden (such as )
The prices are also some of the best I've ever seen for the awesome quality.
You are supposed to initialize the array to a non null value in order do use it : where is the max capacity of the array.
The scale space filtering method is found in this paper.
I have an which holds my custom directive as an attribute and inside that attribute I give the ID of destination that will receive the text.
Basically it looks like this: I am creating threads (let's say there are three of them).
All in all a compact yet flexible toolset.
I can see how do do it through the cms.
\n\nthe pedi didn't seem as thorough as the usual pedi is, but overall it was a great experience and my nails look fab.
They have large bins for many different recycling options from card board boxes to plastic.
but a query like this: will return the whole history of the 3 artifacts: To illustrate, here are some numbers: the last query returns 17 results for me.
Assuming that your HTML resembles the following: Then simply retrieve the elements of the relevant name, then iterate through the collection/nodeList and add the values to a declared 'total' variable: JS Fiddle demo .
And you also have you choice of juices, coffee and/or tea!\n\nAll the things we tried were delicious!
This is one of the old school Waffle House's; not one of the new clean ones!
I can see three basic strategies for doing this: screw subtlety, and for example put all initialization code into .
(Of course I'm assuming the respecive ports are available/forwarded - and I'll make it possible to also run it with the e-mail server as external application)
I have stayed here on multiple occasions, never a bad time.
Or am I just missing the simple solution to all this stuff?
My code is the standard HTML set up with my options configured as:
I was wondering why this happened so i put another log INSIDE the if statement of my onConnected() method as you can see in the first block of code and this one successfully brings back the longitude and latitude.
The multiplication of the matrices seems to take a tiny fraction of the time.
What should I know about the token index or token types?
I am using the following to show me this: The problem I am having is when they are looking at a period that is not yet finished.
The largest problem is that there it no knowing over the null behavior of the Java API.
They are helpful to make sure his pain is under control and get whatever I need.
on a weekend to avoid the parking lot craziness.
The lights that hang over the tables are beautifully warm with medium colored wood and soft white bulbs inside frosted glass.
To store current time line - > Example I work in company A from Jan 2009 to Present.
I looked at Charlotte Athletic Club, Gold's and a few boxing spots.
If you have that textfile, you might just put a at the beginning of each line and save it as .
D'z is hands down my favorite go to spot for good eats.
In a cell as an array formula¹, ¹ Array formulas need to be finalized with Ctrl + Shift + Enter↵ .
\nThe ladies working there are also very nice.
When I build the code this works fine, the file is copied.
The lounge got busier and more vibrant as our Friday night went on at Soba Lounge.
This is a controller, and the json.bad and json.good are helpers that I have created and exported they basically are res.send.
There are also some trails in what's left of the trees that were torn down to make this place.
there are more people movers than people here.
And the model was from 3.2.0.
Basically, it takes a long time for requests to get from your phone to the tower.
How can I do a MouseOver of exact image shape?
Seating is pretty close to other tables, but not a biggie.
It may be a bit pricey, but for a good haircut wouldn't you pay a good price too?
It is not always the same though.
Try marking the field as lazy: And change your query using a of the field to generate only one query with all you need, like this: UPDATE: Sorry, you're right, the fetch attribute of is not required because in Hibernate that is the default value.
\n\nAmbience:\nTrendy, dimly lit and very clean decor.
If the data in the hidden div confidential, then by no means setting it's display to none a secure method since the client has full access to all client side data.
They also have a hottub, and the gym/workout area is very nice.
This is def a room in heaven.
This is some code I knocked up in LinqPad, which does what you want: So your code doesn't quite look the same, but on the other hand, it's not doing any "magic" either - the code itself shows you when the indented debug ends.
Using following methods you could identify how GC behaves on weak references.
Echo the HTML form and ensure your file uses the .php extension (.php)
Use to get a date-only value with no time-of-day and no time zone.
Spring bean load error using spring-data-mongodb We are using Spring version 3.2.0 and now introducing spring-data-mongodb version 1.4.0 in the codebase.
Within minutes your food is brought to you piping hot.
Use an ASP.NET or ActiveX component in Java Spring with Tomcat I would like to ask if I can use the ASP.NET or ActiveX version of Text Control in a .jsp web page supported by Java Spring and a Tomcat webserver.
I was able to pick up a pretty sweet Puma jacket for $10, can't beat that, right?\n\nThat being said, there are those times that you may not find anything as well.
Prices were good, service was attentive.
There is no shame in prototyping new stuff in Access before rolling it up into real code, either.
Your is sending but it should send should be This is because we want to display the index.html file not a hello world 2.
I didn't even make it through the majority of the place since my 3 year old was getting cranky, but was completely amazed by what I saw.
So i want to use Jquery with AJAX to retrieve data from mySQL table and display each row after a second.
To replace globally, you need to use regex, which requires even more character escaping:
Below you will find a list of some of the NLP Applications I found.
However, the elementary school a block away gets out at 3:25, and from 3-4 it can be crowded with moms and younger siblings stopping in to pass the time.
To use them in Url parameters they must be properly URL encoded .
So first of all, any function is likely not what you want to use, since you are missing timezone information from this "timestamp" to begin with, hence conversion to GM time is ambiguous if not impossible.
A possible application of such an attribute would be very similar to the one of text-anchor: text-anchor My main purpose is to be able to place one SVG on top of another, just like placing text at a specific point of an SVG.
If it will always be a div, and you know the element's ID: Otherwise, this will work, too, though it's best to be as specific as possible:
Wednesdays were always pint nights, where you get a glass included to take home!\nA lot has probably changed, but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere, with incredible friends, and great beer.
I enjoyed the fried egg roll way more, but I wouldn't discourage someone from trying Tram's fresh spring roll.\n\nFor dinner, I had the Vermicelli noodles with coconut milk and beef.
The only exception is for components that are thread safe and where you do not have to worry about errors/unexpected results occurring from one request accessing the same (stale) data as another.
After 30 minutes of waiting, I finally called only to hear the lady tell me my food was on the way.
So upon moving to Pittsburgh several years back I often hid the fact that I always worshiped the Dallas Cowboys for fear of being ridiculed beaten or both.
I have in my application_controller.rb and present.
They brought out a bread basket to start, I highly reccomend the bread with the carmelized onions on top.
The above regexps will match groups that look like and (the being a real period).
\nPizza was great, nice slightly chewy crust, thin, but not too thin.
Do this by going to the Data tab in the ribbon and selecting the white and blue sort button that has two A's and two Z's and says "Sort".
Overall I love Cajun Queen it's usually the first place I think of to bring guests from out of town and for special events like birthdays.
Jquery : Product between 2 lists of inputs into a 3rd list I don't have much experience in jQuery, I'm facing the following challenge I have the following table Additionally, I'm able to clone #itemRow as many times as required, enlarging the amount of items.
The upstairs now has a menu with smaller lighter items for the bar.
Does having spaces between the code lines in anyway affect the performance of the JavaScript code.
I have searched stackoverflow extensively for help on this topic, but the Q&amp;As I found are old and the answers have changed for the current version of the JDK (I'm currently using 7u51).
I've taken three vehicles to them over the years, the '96 I30, a '97 Camry, and an '06 Sienna.
None of the dishes were too sauce-heavy or overly fried and the soups/broths were not too salty.
The menu selection is vast - we counted at least 6 or 7 solid fish fry options, from shrimp to Lake Perch to Walleye.
Apparently the library location is not present in the library itself.
The problem is that we're preventing the character from moving .
If you ask it to create a nearly undefined structure like a list of maps of objects, you're defeating the whole point of Gson, and might as well use some more simplistic JSON parser.
You didnt close the image tag.
in TableA there are 6 columns namely primaryKeyColumn,columnA, columnB, columnC, columnD and columnE.
And, while you have to do the work yourself, it's really rewarding to walk out of there with a bike you fixed yourself.
How to insert a panel in webpage using chrome extension?
Symfony2 and date_default_timezone_get() - It is not safe to rely on the system's timezone settings I have a Symfony2 project.
This is happening because you have created float based layout on the various block elements.
I like a little crunch to my mac and cheese, but this was thick and creamy, which is OK.
You may also want to take a look at Apache Cordova (and Adobe Phonegap ), they use HTML+CSS+JavaScript.
We often choose not to walk in to Casbah without a reservation because the bar area was historically uncomfortable.
The EndKey list uses a format similar to the Send command.
Again, it works on my computer when I run the exe and HookHandler is there in my folder.
However, it's worth the hunt, since you get Monty's at the end.
The prices are also really good - any other store with a big cheese selection will charge a ton more.\n\nI used to shop here at least once a week and since I've moved away from Pittsburgh, this is the store I miss the most.
You need to simply tell it that the three corner symbols are different.
Is there a reference that explains each of the RTC source control icons ?
.net web service to validate LDAP credentials using SSL So I'm new to the whole .net thing here, but basically what I want to do is write a web service that will take a SOAP request with user's name and password and check them against an ldap server to validate that the credentials are right.
I called up and making a reservation was a snap, no problem.
If you want to set up your formatting preferences, choose
\n\nThere's plenty of shopping, and eateries.
When we were able to reach the desk, the wait time was 50 minutes.\n\nWe went to Mercurio's for a while, took a stroll around Walnut, and eventually sat down by some very convenient benches nearby.
When I try to hit my server from another machine it does initial handshakes , but call doesn't happen.
This chain has a lot going for it - especially fresh food AND consistency.
The kitchen sometimes seem to have temperature control problems.
Any help will be greatly appreciated.
Every now and then, I do allow myself to order a slice of the freshly made banana cream pie.
For example: #page-header h1 { font-family: FontName;} try !!!
\n\nThe meatball and fried cheese appetizers were really good.
If data being transmitted is a string, it needs to be managed (ie., adding '\0' and end of buffer etc).
Their ham is so succulent and tender.
jQuery Plugin: Tablesorter You may have to modify it slightly if the special character you are using is not supported but it should at least get you started.
My son would become so ill from all the radiation plus chemo, and the radiation treatments were at two 6 hour intervals every day, So we couldn't venture far most days.\nAltho we had spent time at the Ronald McDoanld house, after a time I needed to make my son feel less a patient and more like a celebrity for a day.
\n\n The only downside (that's why 4 instead of 5 star) is that the rooms are DARK.
According to MSDN , if you don't specify one of the flags, it defaults to , which is 4-bit 16 color graphics.
Now you can use the struct in the rest of your code simply by calling it by its identifier, which in this case would be 'St'.
Thank god for all the comfortable rocking chairs everywhere so that I can have a kip by the window while I wait for my layover.\n\nAlso they happen to have a plethora of healthy food options.
I'm not sure whether this was the original problem, or whether my downloading the newest version of Modernizr created another problem on top of the original, but removing Modernizr from the equation solved the issue.
The rare slices of tuna are divine.
Just a pleasure to purchase from...
Any sort of transformation besides linear scaling in both directions will change the relationship between the inner/outer curves of the letters, effectively going against the wishes of the font designer.
Also verirren kann man sich hier nicht.
clojure-contrib has an sql library which is a thin wrapper around JDBC (java.sql.DriverManager).
Most likely it's because it gets concatenated, either when it is displayed or when you copy it.
I don't know why this message show up, since the context is obviously my activity (and in fact it works most of time).
I haven't tried it myself, but possibly an AnimationDrawable could work.
ravendb linq query does not use overriden equals method?
I'm creating a smart (dynamic) Admob banner like this But how do I get it so a smart adMob banner is at the bottom of the screen?
So if your api would export one more element with numeric key to that array, this code would be broken probably.
Truly an answer to my prayer to stop this pain!
Hide the button that appears inside the chart then use your own button: Updated Fiddle
EDIT: If you look at the source for you will see that it is calling on the collection you pass (@networks_domestic in this case).
Sometime ago,I was looking for someone to service my Grandfather clocks in my home.
BTW their smoothies are pretty good too.
Below is the working pseudo code: Can anyone suggest a way to ONLY print "print metrics" after all threads have run?
When it gets more complicated, I'll still revert to locking...
Now my question is why google didn't index my website properly?
Using Html.TextBox with custom property in mvc5 if we have the below code, we can translate it using to: now I have this line that i can't translate the 'placeholder' attribute with , how can I do that??
If you're in the mood for sushi, you're better off going to other places in Charlotte that just serve sushi.
The special also came with rice I believe and the house salad.
I want cache all datas get from web service to read when offline.
The loginForm.jsp is this: Full web.xml: How do I achieve form-based auth?
Shopping Klein's with an empty garden or empty pots is similar.
We didn't eat there, so I can't comment on the food.
OPH does a good job moving people in and out.\n\nI had the corned beef hash and it was great.
Make sure the imported element name doesn't use any aliases.
\n\nMy friends and I ordered a little bit of everything...fajitas, shrimp quesadillas, tacos, rice and beans.
\n\noverall, great location, off Morehead, and great venue.
Let's face it, I was sitting in the backseat and the styrofoam container never hit the fridge - it hit my belly.
For secure I use the Spring Security.
She left a big bowl of parmesan cheese for us to add as much as we wanted which was a nice touch.
If there is no threat detected, than the computer will pick a spot randomly on the board to move.
Brought family here from out of town and glad we did.
Go grab dessert at Pinkberry's afterwards.
I sent him the websites for various restaurants and when he saw Alla Famiglia he said, \""Oh honey.
Cloud native tooling and best practices have brought on this new notion of "microservices" with technology like containers and best practices like code as config.
As some examples, one can add objects to an element with the jquery method or using the method.
We got there by 10 or earlier and walked around in the kids area so my nephews could go on some rides before we headed over to the water park.
The outside and the common areas look a little old (and the elevators smell a bit funky -- but it's the hydraulics, not bad stuff), but the rooms themselves are nice.
The french bread is yum, though I personally could use heaps of butter on it.
Please find steps as follows; Add proxy and remove message store.
I got the platinum service which cleans the inside as well and they did a great job.
I don't understand how the two restaurants could possibly be related given the night and day of my food experience!
Lovely atmosphere, friendly and attentive waitstaff, just a bit crammed--you sit very close to the neighboring tables.
Next click should create new with new name(previous exist) I tried to fix my problem, I wrote some code, but it is not enough for me.
A server sends a 1xx response if it expects to take more than 200 ms to obtain a final response.
EDIT a side note: Javascript Cryptography considered harmful.
In other words, all it does is cast the source parameter to , which doesn't help protect referencial integrity, the original reference is returned and can be cast back to and be used to mutate the list.
During aggregation, the {3,1} combination is dropped.
Should run the splashscreen on a background thread?
The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay.
\n\nThe bar in the basement has cheap pitchers/good drink specials and that is pretty much all I have to say about that.\n\nMinus one star for the basement bar inspiring claustrophobia that I didn't know I had.
We just ate here for the 1st time today and it was really good.
If object is present in array then producer does not produce and wait till consumer consumes it.
on the tool bar It will give list of objects of that type Right click on the objects -> Path to GC roots -> Exclude soft/weak/Phantom references If suspect object does not have any strong reference then it will show NULL else you will get information on who is holding the strong references on the suspected object.
See XmlDocument::CreateCDataSection Method for information and examples how to create CDATA nodes in an XML Document
Overall, the experience here was pretty good.
Their breading is so light yet flavorful!
How to set a transparent background color and do antialising for kivy images?
Hi may be I am late but I have a good news for you.
But to no avail, it was an illusion.
I've really only been to two official botanic gardens (mostly CBG) however I'm glad Olbrich was another to add to my list.
I have seen code to get the element with the cursor and to get the offset within that element.
You can also access the actual screen update speed with the read-only global.
You problem is explained in the logcat : And by looking at the next line of your Logcat you can see where it happened: So change the following: Into this:
My first time eating here and my first time eating out since having to switch to a dairy and gluten free diet.
But at first glance I was a little intimidated by the burger.
Good food, good decor, generally good service!
As in Mexico it does not look good from the outside, in fact if it was not for yelp I would have driven right by the place.
Holes are tightly packed, so half the time you have to remind yourself (or the peeps ahead of ya) to step off the green, please.
Can i get some more toppings please i didn't get very much.
Extremely quick and easy to deal with.
Some things to check: Does MinGW actually find the library?
CSV files could be organized the same way.
Desire2Learn Valence API logout I'm trying to implement a way to actually logout from my application that is using the Valence API.
\n\nThe manager and the hostesses were very nice and friendly.
Good coffee too, they have a french roast that puts Starbucks to shame.
They work like this (example using jQuery promises, but there are other APIs for promises if you don't want to use jQuery): The good thing is that you can chain promises: Take a look to: To summarize promises are an object abstraction over the use of callbacks, that are very useful for control flow (chaining, waiting for all the callbacks, avoid lots of callback nesting).
A Day In The Life, it might have been called?
Sanders helped me with the rest of the eye exams.
She will not mean it, but it will make you feel better anyway.* **\n\nI recommend hitting the nail spa in the D-E terminal after you have freshened up.
What I'm trying to do is as follows: I've tried to apply this css I created to make it at least a table but got no success.
The sauce is chunky tomato based and baked with cheese.
They also offer burgers etc etc.
In fact, that's the only down-side I can think of about this place - the service can sometimes be slow.\n\nIf you're not into trivia, I suggest that you avoid Tuesday and Wednesday nights after 8:00 PM or so, because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills.
Simple example: When I try and RF models in R Returns the error: I have looked at other functions in but can't find the one that will do it.
Maybe a sunset dinner for the next time?
The first one is to specify the number of elements in the sequence the first element of which is pointed to by the pointer.
There is both indoor and outdoor seating.
The tomato sauce was light, tangy and perfect.
nice selection of beer and they have Green Line on tap!
I'm not going to do too much of an in-depth review, most of the basics have already been covered below....but I must note that their lattes are astounding.
If you go in on Mondays, its half price admission.
The target CPU cannot process that.
Hacky solution The fastest (and probably most brittle) solution would be to create an array to hold initialization functions that could then be executed later on.
A nice little loaf with some creamy, sweet butter.\n\nI think my meal was about 10 bucks with a drink.
I was on an extended vacation in North Carolina when I started having unbearable pain in my lower jaw.
They've won best in Madison nearly every year since 1987!
The stream plays fine and I have no problems with playing the video and doing simple functions.
You typically only use an alias for a table name when you need to prefix a column with the table name due to duplicate column names in the joined tables and the table name is long or when the table is joined to itself.
that was just for me to test the board output.
One of my friends ordered the breakfast special with 2 eggs, meat and a side of their specialty blueberry hotcakes.
Portions are plentiful and the staff is more than welcoming.
There were a few standouts at this event.
In this image for example I have a tree and I would like to draw image of people Any suggestions to start?
There are two relevant paragraphs: First, there is paragraph 1 which ends in: No other conversion can be performed explicitly using reinterpret_cast.
How about adding a '?2' to the tag?
I have Cygwin installed and Anaconda3.
Very quaint with the menu on a chalkboard inside.
For the record, there are no public classes that inherit from Class1.
What version of Android are you testing with?
My love for this place just keeps going up!\n\nAgain, mouthwash in little cups for me waiting in the restrooms...sigh...lovely!\n\nAmazing restaurant selections and everywhere, yes everywhere, in this place is CLEAN!!!!
Unfortunately I don't see any 1.8.1 tag/branch in CVS and I cannot use version 1.8.5 because the above hack no longer works with that version.
Sure, it's easy to be lazy and unadventurous and go to Dunkin Donuts or Starbucks, but why not take a chance and support a Pittsburgh staple since the 1800s?
Ideally I would want the app to first and always pop up the "Pass View" and then if users enter their password correctly then the app segues to the Tab Bar Controller.
This is incorrect, as the reference identity of the original list is maintained.
Now I want to get hostname of API A at API B (Note: API B is created by me, API A is create by other, I can not touch API A).
I am not a fan of wpdb sql.
The folks I encountered on my most recent trips wanted to steer me in a direction I wasn't interested in because it wasn't part of my plan, and eventually they guided me to plants that would help me achieve the overall look I was going for on my balcony.
The Thai corn chowder is awesome -so flavorful.
I suggest you to use mws-eu-amazonservices.com instead of the co.uk one, you can use this for all the european marketplaces and don't need to change it for each.
The perfect amount of soft insides and hard crust.
Cut to: us walking from OPH to McDonald's, not more than a few feet away.
One thing we have struggled to understand is how to work with it from a DevOps point of view.
Get the request working in SoapUI first Use wsdl2java to create all the necessary Java classes for calling the Launch EIB service .
So I think the error should be in one of these codes, any ideas?
I have a method NodeProxy is an Object from tree like structure (has child nodes and one parent node, all of type NodeProxy).
After moving from SF to Denver about 1.5 years ago, I've missed good Thai food.
Because if I change $error to true it works.
Also free soda refills.\n\nService was good mid afternoon on a weekday, and I enjoyed the whole experience watching the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony on the flatscreens while eating.
\n\nAlthough Whole Foods has a short list of better prepared products (for example, their deli and bakery), they cost so much more (it's referred to as \""Whole Paycheck\"" for a reason) and have nowhere near the variety and local selection Metcalfe's has.\n\n\nTips: \n\n1 - Be careful in the parking lot.
The place is spacious enough that they can really pump out the live music without it feeling like your ears are bleeding.
I was referred to Rankin by my general practitioner when I got that great big plus sign.
I kept thinking to try to call the method in the namespace since it was defined there.
The item_id column is not required for the one-to-many relationship in your example.
I'll worry about cross-platform stuff later.
When I debug I see why as well.
With that being said I can never choose my dinner in this place.
My mother and aunt live in Mt.
just read the list from *.sln file.
My favorite experience at Girasole was one late summer night when it was beginning to cool down and I took some friends of mine from Cleveland to have dinner there.
I have made these image folder under project directory of visual studio.
\nThe staff is unique: a preppy college kid with Death Metal tattoo he surely regrets on his bicep, a large African American man that is confrontational more than welcoming but in a good \""I know everything and there's nothing I can't handle\"" way who actually breaks into a smile that changes his whole demeanor.
NSView subclass over another NSView subclass?
Two highly recommended plates you can order are the Shish Taouk (chicken kebab) or Breaded Tilapia (one of their specials).
To get your money's worth, plan on staying a whole day.
Note that I'm using a plain Eclipse though, not a PDT project.
\n-Service was good, and food came out very quickly.
When I worked downtown years ago, Nicholas Coffee was the \""nuts\"" so to speak.
He never tried to up-sell, and when one rat had an operable tumor (a $200 surgery) he didn't make me feel guilty for choosing euthanasia instead (he was a very old rat).
My only complaint was the A/C in our room was acting really wacky and not coming on and the drinks at the bar (which the patio is a great area outside to relax) were kinda pricey.
Choices of sides and a salad for a reasonable price.\n\nDefinitely will be returning to this location.
starts a process asynchronously and defines the function triggered when the process status changes.
To spin the wheel I generate a random number which will be the amount of rotation in degrees, I animate the wheel and everything is fine but when the rotation stops I have to get the value from the wheel which stops at the top-center position so I though this would solve it: where is the random spin I generate which can be between 370 and 1440.
Any time they serve lamb, consider yourself lucky - it's amazing.
Any helpful information on this matter is more than welcomed.
If I download images, the result set for the predicate changes on a subsequent fetch and gets smaller every time.
Well, you also get the leftover martini mix poured into a small glass container.
Ok, I finally used a piece of code that uses ctypes lib to provide some kind of killing thread function.
\n\nThe calamari and the proscuitto appetizer are a great start to the meal and not too heavy or filling and I could eat a whole basket of the warm bread.
The short answer is: you use a generational garbage collector.
We made reservations, but I don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.
Price P/Item is the name of column within the database table.
Way better than Famous Dave's ribs
\n\nThe menu promotes some typical bar fare, some that's good some that not so good.
You can covert the PPT file to HTML: Then the image folder will fill with HTML and JPG files.
Note that it will modify your original list but this is expected as I understood the original requirement.
One solution that i found that works occasionally is if i set shuffledbracket parameter size to 9.
But your code seems kind of goofy.
I've also tried removing the invoiceEntry ForeignKey relationship.
Keep looking at their website for specials they have 3x $16 dollar car washes for $24 sometimes.
Love this airport, spacious, clean, not crowded, very decent options to eat for an airport, can transfer from one terminal to other quickly without any trains or shuttles.
It gave no errors and loaded the app on the emulator.
Too bad Kristin wasn't there to take it all.\n\n4 stars for the best Concierge Lounge of all the Marriotts I've been.
Dessert was a flourless espresso chocolate cake (friend loved it, I dont 'do' coffee) and a 'not-NY style' (as the server put it) cheesecake with a brulee top served with fresh berries.
Umi is a Big Burrito venture (a local restaurant group), which means you're guaranteed to pay a decent amount for your dinner and there's a decent chance your dinner is going to be worth it.
What I need to do is make a view that has an exposed field that can pull content that is between 2 dates.
Any entree I have had has been excellent..
This provides the context including the user, since it implicitly includes details about your request, the client secret, the user token etc.
Their omelettes are to die for.
The rocking chairs are genius!\n\nThey're perfect for weary travelers that just want to relax especially those of us in between flights.
Cmake generates incorrect configurations I use CMake, and on one of my machines, the generation seems to be messy.
i use LinearLayout to show webview and setGravity.
Hubs wasn't a big fan of the short rib entree.
I read that it was hard to get seated so we made a reservation.
There are five reasons why you might want to go to Klavon's.\n1.
Picasso's is cool, my girlfriend used to live in the area so we frequently visit Charlotte.
It was very good, fancy ritzy interior.
The atmosphere is somewhat upscale, with a lot of German decor.
She enjoyed it!\n\nService was great !
Is the u8 string literal necessary in C++11 From For the purpose of enhancing support for Unicode in C++ compilers, the definition of the type char has been modified to be at least the size necessary to store an eight-bit coding of UTF-8.
I am a huge fan of breakfast food, because besides it being the most important meal of the day, I love the doughy goodness and comfort of pancakes and waffles.
The lotion and soap were great!\n\nThe Uptown area of Charlotte has grown and there are many great restaurants, within walking distance from the hotel.\n\nI had a great time and would recommend this hotel for a great getaway!
Essentially, you need to create two objects -- a Finder object and a Loader object.
The reason the double click event doesn't work on newly added rows is because you are binding the click event before the elements exist.
Clearly, if every engine you've encountered uses heightmaps, it works just fine for them.
Lots of terrific variety and I have to agree with her about the soups.
An inertia ratio of 0 will yield elongated blobs (closer to lines) and an inertia ratio of 1 will yield blobs where the area is more concentrated toward the center (closer to circles).
This is my error: My function is this: This function is called in my main function like so : Any ideas what the mistake is ?
There's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.\n\nI know that Gab N Eat is nearby, and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!
I had a really good experience at Tire Kingdom I wish I could remember the name of the man who helped me I hate when I forget important facts like that.
\n\nBeen here to watch some Phillies games before and even though the bartender was a Yankees fan, it was still a nice experience.
I'm also able to connect to the GPRS, also getting HTTP response.
So there is a separate app-cache for each website.
As per past experience it was a very nice experience with a good wait staff, and wonderful food.
Be sure to park the car near the neighborhood park/playground.
The first way is good if you only intend to read the data once.
Still ha that neighborhood feel though.
and in your js code If it is any other type of html element, you can use html5 data attribute to keep the target url and use the jQuery data method to retrieve it in your js code.
Anyway, I already knew some cities in North Carolina have my favorite fast food restaurant!
This isn't your typical eggs, griddle, sausage type of place.
How do I set up that condition?
Great portions, low prices, tasty food.
When I walked in I saw the sign for the upstairs eatery and it piqued my interest.
.who am I to blow against the wind?
The only other change I asked was to add onions.
Wish it wasn't just seasonal, they should have it all year round!
I just tested that on one of my projects, closed it and reopened it and the ISO88591 encoding is still configured.
I use the below xpath in my route for both of the example xml, the first example xml returns SomeElement and SomeOtherElement as expected, but the second xml seems unable to parse the xml at all.
I've been playing around with the pybluez module recently to scan for nearby Bluetooth devices.
I love that they offer discounts to teachers.
\n\nDarlene is the owner and #1 World Champion Queen of the Alteration Universe.
MSDN Reads : Occurs when a new entity object is created from data in the data source as part of a query or load operation.
They are the same family-owned established where you can get no nonsense service and absolutely amazing food.
The atmosphere and staff are exactly what we look for in a place.
Converting list of strings to floats and add 1 I have parsed my input to this list: How to change this list of strings to a list of floats?
Question: as I am by no mean an SQL expert, I would like to know if it is an acceptable solution, and what limitation I could be facing ?
Prices are very, very great - fairly inexpensive!
I told then ahead of time that it was his birthday and the did really special things.
The logic is : However for one of the elements I ran into a weird problem.
My advice would be to improve that code further by skipping conversion to string, and using temporary file stream as output instead of .
All examples I can find show the buttons the same sizes.
I have inspected the element and the DOM model shows the structure I expect.
Mom said the people attending the event looked decent but they weren't really dressed up.
As far as I know, there is no such .net class as Typically you use the class to send emails:
We went for the Sunday brunch.
it keeps "tagid desc" as value.
I can't speak to the first question directly, but assuming that @korefn and @om-nom-nom are correct; that the block is a closure and is interpreting the return as a void.
it is affordable QUALITY, COMPREHENSIVE care, your body will thank you.
here's the code I use to pickle the trained classifier using 8000 tweets for training that stored in database: and below is the code to use pickle trained classifier for predicting label of new tweets: does anyone can help me solve this problem?
However, I did not care for the peppers and creamy sauce it was topped with.
(Sorry, bio nerd leaking through.)\n\nDO eat here if:\n- you are a broke-ass college kid.
I want a fade in or scroll effect to be used (jQuery) for this to occur.
The records in amenities can vary.
Sample code being echoed from php and alerted in the success of jquery ajax HTML = Thanks!!!
I prefer the worksheet index method which simply identifies the worksheet according to its position in the worksheet queue.
Kinda went to Fiesta expecting to not dig it, based on memory that is.
The waitresses are part of the ambiance.
Then use the library to locate and remove empty p tags.
Has tons of seafood including shrimp, mussels, lobster.
As arguments, any variables that are required to execute the lambda expression are handed to the factory.
Then given: both operands in the expression are promoted from to (because can hold all possible values of type ) -- but the product, which is nearly 2 32 , cannot fit in a 32-bit signed .
I am using java,servlet, JSP, tomcat 7 as part of the technologies.
This is probably the simplest, if your type is mutable and not overly complex.
We stayed in Madison Lakes rooms, it was beautiful - modern, comfortable, very well put together.
I forgot that this all includes an additional course in advance with fruit (not just big grocery store chucks of melon) and house-made cookies and muffins.
However I don't think I'm a big fan of us airways at all.
sencha touch :: how to make store sorter ignore if first letter is small or capitalized I wonder how to make store sorters ignore if the first letter of a name is small or capitalized?
Besides the fact that they have a phenomenal selection of meats & cheeses, they also have some of the most helpful, knowledgable staff around.
This particular night we were full of giggles and playful flirtations.
If you want to try on shared hosting, I believe you need to sign up the highest plan.
Handling the TextChanged event should work, however you need to set the DropDownStyle to DropDownList so that the Text property can only be a given value.
My only complaint is that the beers were a little small.
Since you also have the tag on your question, unfortunately sql-server doesn't have , an alternative like is needed: SQLFiddle here
Have some very good hot subs too.\nIt is a little more expensive than other sandwich places, but you get what you pay for.
I've been to this location on several occasion and have always left satisfied.
Connolly's is exactly what you think it is: an Irish-style pub.
They don't just stop at cable, however.
So allow yourself two-three hours for dinner.
Here is the output of that: In another test, I called 16 times in a loop, THEN called once.
I also don't think the prices are that great on further reflection.
Using overlapping range joins function from version 1.9.4: Timing on 100,000 numbers:
So now I probably will use something like this: See NOTE: theses two events are not fired on a nexus 5 running android 4.4.4 (inside cordova v3.6).
In the end you can feel good about him as a human being because he won't resort to less than favorable behaviour.
If the cluster platform includes the ability to make calls on remote objects as if they were local objects (e.g.
You didn't mention what OS are you using...
The rosemary infused sauce was one of the most incredible sauces I have EVER eaten.
Has the best sweet chili sauce.
Crowded bar atmosphere, spectacular beer selection, good bar food.
And I would certainly come back to enjoy their expansive outdoor patio.\n\nI got to sample a lot of different selections.
Use the id of the select and jquery to populate an array.
================ UPDATE ============== I tried the above technique (gcd and all) in a brand new project and it does indeed work as expected.
This word-\""crafts\""-can mean many things and with sticky, crossed fingers I darted across the busy intersection to investigate.\n\nI think the best place to enter this gallery is from 21st ST.
Everyone was very curteous and nice.
Should it be done in this way, or completely in the view in some other manor?
The problem isn't who is using these results, but how.
I was in and out in under five minutes.
We figured the bourbon&peaches would pack a punch.
In short, use the SoapWebRequest's Timeout property.
If you're looking for a solution that is cross platform, then you're better off logging to another system via some other mechanism (the next best thing is the NFS technique above).
What you want is that code executed earlier.
This is an especially nice place to visit by bike.
\n\nI went here at the beginning of October and they have a great selection of adorable Halloween decorations.
Consider the following query to solve your problem: Let's assume that the given date is '2015-01-05'.
I normally HATE chain Irish pubs, but this particular one is a cut way above the rest.
This has been one of my favorite Yelp-finds, by far!!!
\n\nThe food is great (I highly recommend the Pork Chop and the Short Rib Ravioli), the drinks are wonderful (I am a sucker for good Sangria - and Casbah's is wonderufl) and the service is outstanding (our servers are always friendly, prompt and very knowledgeable).
MVC 5 and below You do not need to put that attribute on your controller name, You can simply specify the area name in the area route registration.
Of course, you would have to be able to program Python/Perl/Ruby/PHP/etc.
We usually hit this Outback about once a month for a good lunch because the service is great, the food has yet to disappoint and we never have to wait for anything.
If user upload their file, its automatically display the output, which effect is user selected.
The noise level was a bit on the loud side--but then again, what bar isn't?\n\nI really enjoyed my visit to O or T, and look forward to returning again, once I can convince my friends to stop by for a drink.
They may also make the best sidecars in Pittsburgh, but for $8 - $10 a drink you should expect as much.\n\nThe calmari was excellent and we'll keep them in mind for their extensive dessert menu.
I ordered the Cheesy Caprese sandwich and loved it.
This is on Windows 7 x86, I tried in both windows command prompt and Git Bash and got the same result.
Assuming you understand class inheritance, I think of an Interface like a skeleton class, where the structure of a class is described but not actually written/implemented.
They have a huge variety of sweets and they're always very delicious.
is anyone using this an alternative solution to Segmentation, using JMS?
Make a web browser as modal popup window in my web site Hi guys I just found out that it's possible to implement a draggable modal popup using web browser itself.that how tinymce and joomla and other popular frameworks use it.
The bar takes up a good part of the room.
Kimchi on the side for a flavor punch, and ginger fried rice was tasty too.
There should be a way to go from the garage to your room, or something to that effect.
I have heard of case sensitive but I don't know exactly "where" to put it.
Probably a more elegant way of doing this but you could loop the array and convert each value to a string by adding it to a blank string .
Incidentally, if less typing (well 20 characters) and better performance is your thing then consider the following:
(even solution with GWT components would be appreciated).
I have a few log.debugs() that I don't want to process (since they are heavy) unless the app is currently in debug mode (not production).
But the rest is so good that an average dish has no bearing on my overall rating.
The is staggered for every line.
I ordered a bloody mary which honestly tasted weird, so I'm not sure what was going on there.
If you're asking about whether it's more important to pre-compile templates used server-side as opposed to client-side, it usually is, simply because a server is going to have to render them potentially several thousand times a second so it's wasteful to have to compile them each time they're rendered.
Everything work fine but when I scale my tilemap, the camera does not follow my player like what I want (player is not at the center of screen).
There's no one else I'd even trust my car with!
\n\nThe bar was jumping thou never go to the bar.
As it is, I am completely newbie in this type of editing environment (or any kind of programming) but I really would like to learn some Vim seeing how efficient it is in typesetting etc.
I\""m a fan\"" I guess that sums it up.
I copied over the example directory to .
My very first review, be gentle, here goes:\n\nConfession, I joined Yelp one time specifically because of this place!
After meeting with several bakeries that want to \""rape your wallet\"" with crazy charges on wedding cakes, we met Susie from Paddy Cake.
You'll need to get the MySQL JDBC driver from this location.
I have to say, that any place that offers popcorn for $.25 is alright by me (better than having it sitting on the bar and you have no idea who has put their hands in there).
Drinks lead to dinner - Upstream's appetizers are fantastic.
If you want another file to have access to some function in , then put that function's prototype in .
The coffee isn't the best, but the food makes up for it.
Like this: Then, you can create as many functions using the shared code as you want and, through the power of closures, pass these newly created functions around any way that you like.
I am selecting ROIs 3 and 4 in the first step, and then if the "if" statement is satisfied I want to select just the 4th ROI and delete that.
But if you are going to have your main application built in tornado, why not just have it listen on a socket for published messages.
Click the 'Open modal' button and then close the modal.
Other thing for the , i would advise to make separate reusable cell index for the normal table cell and for the advertisement cell.
Give the class a method, which returns .
Don't hesitate to get your work done here if your car gets a boo-boo
Each of those stores carry brands of products.
I need to get the selected radio button value out of 5 radio buttons.
But not sure how to do it in iOS.
Sometimes I would rather spend $20 on lunch here with my boyfriend than go to a restaurant or get fast food.
Using break; in Struts1 I am using Struts 1.2 for my Web Application.
\nBasics:\nGreat service, \nVery good food..hamburger Helper ( not like I remembered )\nVery good beer with pumpkin for my wife and met with her approval!\nDesert ...homemade cookie with Ice cream and whipped cream was perfect\nCheers
Pretty much a legend in the culinary scene for locals and those visiting on super special business.
MsBuild will then do a bit of checking under the hood and decide if it should actually build the underlying project.
More generally speaking: Who says the resulting string will fit in the old array?
My Code is as follows in view Annotation, I have spent much time to fix this but not get luck to make it out.
SQL SELECT everything after a certain character I need to extract everything after the last '=' ( blablabla) but this query returns the entire strings.
How to remove unknown white border of asp:image inside panel I have white border of an asp:image control and i want to remove it but can't find where the problem is here is my html and css: the image with ID="Logo" is white bordered and i need to remove this border CSS of image and Nav panel:
However, after gaining a little more knowledge of sushi, I still believe Little Tokyo is one of the best.
I think they could do a few things to freshen the place up and make it known they serve food, I think they would get more business this way, and people would not miss out on the great middle eastern cuisine.
And it's on the left for the email.
For another column I also need to bring in just the numbers "011" but without the trailing zeroes (although I imagine that if I can get the solution for the first question I'll be able to figure out the second).
But the clients also have the DLL.
basically will insert the second page's content into the first page, including ViewState.
It all works fine with this app.js and this spec.js with this karma files config The problem occurs when I try to inject ngRoute into my module in app.js like so In which case I get the following error in karma [UPDATE: this error occurs even if I don't load the angular-mock.js library into karma as shown above] So...
I am trying to get the standard format, but unable to achieve it.
Within the program there are many such changes and not all have the same number of parameters.
On the other hand, you can of course build and use a Prolog term like in your programs to represent your data.
Everything is made very well, very fresh, and very fast.
Hi I have a complicated html page.
You can use images to fully customize your GUI.
I tried to reach out to Snap CI who said they were successful in deploying it, but when I try to type in exactly what they did, I am still getting the error about Node My repository I'm trying to deloy is on git at github.com/jschwarzwalder/Fireworks
PLUS, I can always go grab a slice of pie next door at Hubbard!
Like a kid in a toy store, I explored all the merriment and wonder around me with a youthful giddiness nearly long forgotten.
No need to overcomplicate things if the simple solution works for you.
SelfServStyle.css Vs selfserverstyles.css Carefully look the format of the file names.
They even offer edamame and I hope to try the cold sesame noodles soon.
But I want in my php view part to display only selected fields.
But I'm willing to pay the premium for the better experience than other stores in town.
When i compile the code, i get an error saying that 'ON_WM_GETMINMAXINFO': identifier not found 'MINMAXINFO' : undeclared identifier Please help me to resolve this.
Ours got burnt black in places and was too salty but was still promptly devoured.
prints the address of C string (the address first element of array points to), while: prints the address of array's first element.
Max of set in Isabelle How can I find the maximum element in a set of numbers (nat) in Isabelle.
I cannot believe there are not over 100 reviews for this place raving about how it's such an awesome hang out.
Just strong enough too - I sipped it throughout the whole meal.\n\nWe started with the grilled baby octopus, which actually was great!
) as the number of times ( , , , ...
\nSilky's in Bloomfield also has plenty of tables and bar stools and isn't over run with drunk yinzers it attracts a mix of college students, young professionals, and old dudes from the Bloomfield area.
I had mine topped with blue cheese, along with the onions and mushrooms.
You can get rid of that kernel loop to calculate with this based approach - Or avoid with this modification - If the calculations of involve instead of , just replace with there.
\nAnd Stephanie the bartender, super sweet and makes you feel like you're a regular.\nGreat place!!!
His personal collection -- displayed both in the home and museum -- is impressive.\n\nAfter our tour we visited the Car and Carriage Museum, which had husband transfixed with its Model T Touring Car, Rolls Royce Silver Ghost, American Bantam Convertible Coupe, Panhard et Levassor Tonneau and Lincoln Model K Sport Phaeton among others.
Would mean inside of an element with a classname of .
Here is my new implementation if someone stumbles upon this question: SeatStateView.java: For details, check this page: .
Thanks P.S The problem is not with the size of the result set!
I'm using the CSS3-html5 form validation and I need to implement it within CSS possibly and
There was nothing wrong with the angular directives it just that CHROME was seeing the request as the same therefore not executing it...
\nTo be fair we didn't tell the staff because it was late at night and weren't too keen on switching rooms or having some maintenance guy come up.
XML - Schema Element with attribute and sequence of sub-elements I have a XML schema as follows: can have many elements, and a element can have many elements.
However something goes wrong since the output of the following code is : 0.0 Do you have any ideas what is wrong or missing?
We ordered the soft pretzals with beer cheese.
The meat was tender and falling off the bone, and their barbecue sauce (I got the mild) was quite tasty...if they sell bottles I'm going to buy one.
You want to take advantage of multiple inheritance of type.
They just remodeled it and it looks so nice inside and the bathrooms are always clean.
When I change a port my program works but only once, then again even after system reboot I get that exception.
I need to use winzip, because only it provides encoding for my files.
Recently bought a pre-owned 2009 Eos.
They did not sell out, are not overly commercialized, and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city.
My other friend got the pandan leaf panna cotta.
Not bad Chinese food at all - we came here for Sunday dimsum which was pretty decent.
I had a medium cheese pie and the cajun garlic wing basket (or whatever it's called).
4) You could customise the STOMP broker relay to such an extent that you have full control over what your application receives from the broker.
the above attribute set when i clicked that link.
candle holders, DIning sets, paints, sculptures and sooo much more.
The haircut, minus the bangs, was perfect.
I believe the Hot Code Replace in eclipse is what you meant in the problem: The idea is that you can start a debugging session on a given runtime workbench and change a Java file in your development workbench, and the debugger will replace the code in the receiving VM while it is running.
Ada beginner Stack program Basically, I have 2 files ( .adb and .ads).
P.S.: the work is originally in french, so I translated the variable and method names best I could for your better understanding.
There is a sandwich here that is delicious.
SASS/SCSS Background-image loop with nth-child I'm creating a portfolio section of my static website and I'd like a neat way of assigning background-image url:s without adding any classnames (image image-1, image image-2 etc.) or style tags in HTML, but rather use only scss with nth-child, if possible ...
You won't subscribe, you'll just have an observable in your viewmodel that you set to true or false, and the menu item will toggle in response.
The way you do it in your question, the last part is useless.
Second best sushi in Pittsburgh after Umi.
I was testing what happens if index.html is still in www, but it links to other html that are located in at the server side.
view in browser at first I need solve then do "Replace" three times fo each variable "1" "2" "3" In fact, I write it all in one "Dynamic" as I do not know how to make it right - so that in the html file automatically calculates all after entering the values ​​of the variables "1","2","3" in code are acronyms for the above if denote "11" - "22" - "33" - then code are: This code works, as I need.
We'll need to create a dictionary, so let's use a list comprehension for that.
That not being a problem we were promptly seated.
As such, you would need to modify the k -means call so that it looks like this: Note that the call is the same, but we have added two additional parameters to the k -means call.
As Justin suggested, you're probably overwriting your extracted data.
Right now I'm only able to fadein/fadeout 3 images with it.
The Form consist of a Title, and a Body value that will be inserted as a new entry into the corpPosts Table.
To represent the character you can use Universal Character Names (UCNs).
And if there's no "best" technique, what are some of the caveats to consider with each solution?
It is so delicious, nothing compares!
CodeIgniter error 403 I'm a complete beginner in CodeIgniter, Frameworks in general, and I tried Laravel and CakePHP but both are very complex to install (for me) so now I've downloaded CI and it looks pretty simple except for this access denied error.
And it also has an indirect ForeignKey to InvoiceEntry through the JournalEntry 1->M JournalEntryItems relationship.
With the above solution, you could export directly to an MBTiles file and use it local to the app.
The JPanel class (part of a package) acts as a superclass.
At the moment I can only seem to create a relationship within the active class that the function uses.
if you want to learn how to truly approach MVC in PHP, you can learn it from Tom Butler articles CodeIgniter implements Model-View-Presenter pattern, not MVC (even if it says so).
They do have Heineken Light, which I am a big fan of, so that was a plus.
it only appears when needed), lightweight, and works well with matchbox-window-manager, which I am using on the device.
So I'm not really sure if adding the file actually does something.
It is much faster than using the second query.
You can bind mousedown\mouseup events to and mouseenter event on canvas.
Now it just causes my computer to shut down when I try to encode video.
If I navigate to 1.2.3.4 I do get the block page so I know apache is configured correctly and I have ServerAlias set to * to accept all domains.
If you have multiple CTE's, they need to be at the beginning of your statement (comma-separated, and only one to start the list of CTE's): and then you can use both (or even more than two) in your statement.
When I went pin to pick up the shoes another super friendly staff member was there to help me!
This can be achieved by using a script (modify to suit your needs): Than just cron it to generate a new line on the .htaccess file: Source:
Not cool at all.\n\nSo, go here if you need a quick turn around, but ask them not to mark up all your clothing!
but really, why would you be?
or (the same) like you showed is somewhat equivalent to: And the can be a very slow operation.
Good location, Good atmospehere, and Good Service.
Is there a plugin or easier way, to rewrite all e107 systems urls as SEO friendly ones?
A busy spot and a small restaurant.
Also, what does he mean by ?
We went with the Vegetable Tempura appetizer and ordered the sushi and sashimi platters to split as our entrees.
How does one close an overlay by clicking outside of the overlay?
We also ordered a variety of local beers and a dozen raw oysters (half east coast, half west coast).
Is that possible, or square-peg/round-hole thinking?
Cajun Queen, like many restaurants, has fallen into the category of \""why did it take me so long to try\"".\n\nOur meal was a solid 4 star experience, and it started with great service.
I took 1/2 of my pasta course and 3/4 of my main course home.
This place is nice, but not nice enough for mandatory valet.
The code I have below will put the image on the screen but will not let me move it around.
He struck me as amusing and endearing rather than abrasive.\n\nThe place was packed, though we went at 7 on a Friday.
It's more than shopping in here, it's a whole experience.
If you haven't been I highly suggest you stop by sometime and give it a try.
Instead of polling with epoll, since you're only waiting on one timer you can just check if it's expired by ing it.
I now know that my Unity3d, Android APK and Developer Console procedures are all correct.
The only columns I would like to return from the 2 tables is: accountID clientID SUM(units) Here's what I have so far...
I ended up adding the pickerview to an action sheet like so: Hope that this helps others.
I have a question about MS SQL Server string-to-datetime implicit conversion.
What is the best way to prevent it?
I've implemented 2 webparts (deriving from Microsoft.SharePoint.WebPartPages.WebPart, the WSS 3 WebPart), one of which is a provider and the other the consumer (implementing ASP.net connection model, with ConnectionProviderAttribute and ConnectionConsumerAttribute methods).
We stopped by for the first time on a cold Friday night around 9:30.
The staff is excellent and is the climbing community!
Get yer toukas over here and rent something.
But yeah, I thought it was fantastic all around - oh, and the price for it all is great.
Getting TypeError: invalid 'in' operand obj while fetching data using ajax Below is my ajax call I am getting 'TypeError: invalid 'in' operand obj ' error in my console In advance thank you
Hopefully this is also helpful for deciding how you want to test your application, and what you might need to customise to do it.
I think i didn't understand propely what author mean here, can any one please help me in understanding this?
Try EDIT removed LEFT in Join over Headerword since it is a not null field in WordRelationship.
Except, I would have multiple occurrences of the line names like that.
\n\nI really appreciate that none of them suggested that I \""eat more\"" or buy a dress that is too large and get it cut down - as though either of those are viable options.
Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish.
They fulfilled my tummy and I will come here if I crave for schnitzels, maybe try another type of schnitzel next time.
I thought they'd just put the shrimp on the side but instead they brought out a delicious shrimp scampi which was good and savory and garlicky...
They had a used section that was full of guitars, amps, keyboards, and other instruments to tickle your fancy.
For example, partitioning a gives two collections instead of lists.
Uninstall the application from android device or emulator, and try to re-run / install the application.
Now, I need Edit to have access back into the data and methods kept by Select because I have buttons in edit to call up the previous or next note from the list which is managed by Select so I implement a delegate protocol.
I would recommend coming here for a cocktail or two, but if you're looking to put away some drinks, you could get more for your buck somewhere else.
This does not mean that no such examples exist, it just means that I have not found any.
No smoking and no line to get in.
Normalization is only useful when applied to a vector.
That is to pick a neighborhood, browse almost every store in that neighborhood and then rave to everyone for about a week how great that neighborhood is for shopping.
Absolutely but it just adds to the nostalgic charm!
I thought maybe I'm not cancelling the thread correctly, and so I rebooted my Motrola Xoom.
It's dwarfed by the coleslaw and the fries.
Very pretty view and lots of stores, restaurants, bars...\nGood combination of academic and party life.\nHad my master here in communication.\nGood class content but not much help in career.\nLiving expense is pretty low, rent is 300-700 regularly, food is around 5-15 a meal.
CONFIGURE A SCREENSAVER I have worked out an example using the 3D Text screensaver: I didn't use the .
An attempt to reset the stream after reading characters up to this limit or beyond may fail.
Issue with experimental gradle: The android plugin must be applied to the project I'm trying to run some native code with the NDK in Android Studio.
You could write a class that implements that prints "woof" when the method is called.
I felt like I was at the really nice nightclub of airports.
That is, given a string (however large or small) that contains a bunch of synonyms for multiple root keywords, how do I gather the root keywords and their synonyms from the string, after discarding words that don't relate to any root keyword?
But my real deal it the \""mexican tacos\"", three of those and some great guacamole.
You have to do following steps.
The food is pricey butttt the portions are HUGE!!!
My current thoughts are to have matches that connect the first but not second argument.
Or is there something else I am not noticing?
Inside my app, I need to use the TreeView control.
Had the walk up tour, tour guide knew exactly what she was talking about with a great personality to match.
The decor is \""Mexicany\"" without being cheezy and my Garden Burrito was delicious.
For keeping the thing sane, I split the library up into several logical sub-modules (like: touch interaction, DOM interaction, etc.) that communicate with each other using a simple pubsub system.
Maybe you'll notice the high-water mark from the 1936 flood (close to the ceiling!).
I absolutely loved this little restaurant!
You continue jumping around until you get to the target node (f in this case), after which you collect the reward r.
In spite of being \""Dick and Arnie's\"" barber shop, I've only managed to ever get my hair cut by Ka.
See my in-memory-server project for some hints:
Customize table with jquery I want to design a customize table layout.
A few favorite things are great here.
To handle authentication I'm using Interceptor.
The best part was the end.
Just keep in mind, at this moment the caf\u00e9 is still cash only.
I am looking for a broad "way" of programming, not necessary code.
Note the !&lt;>!, instead of the %&lt;>%.
Within the parent controller's constructor you can retrieve the settings data and store it in a class property which will be available to all of the child controller classes.
But we were both SO FULL, it was actually plenty to eat.
If you need to predefine some of the fields for the new contact, you will need to create an ABRecordRef and set the properties you want to be in the new contact.
If Empty were internal, you would be able to manipulate its instances accross the whole assembly, (well, not really because Factory is private) making all dynamic calls allowed, and your code work.
Seriously, the walk won't kill most of us.
The servers are the sweetest people you'll ever meet.
But this location does not corespond to the Java user.home directory, which points to a shared network drive in the case of my customer.
You're wrong!\n\nI love this coffee shop, and there is a second location the Gates Building at CMU that I like to go to--their panini are to die for.\n\nI love this place, and you will too!
The yoga and Pilates classes are good - but I prefer the Dowd Y as the teachers tend to push you further and challenge you.\n\nI have to give a special shout out to the instructor Jill, whose classes are ALWAYS a challenge for all genders and body types - but she keeps it fun and always does the work with you.\n\nHarris Y is uber kid-friendly as it's in Southpark...
In every restroom there is an attendant who hands you paper towels to dry your hands and goes around keeping the bathrooms clean.
You can modify or write similarly for your problems:
I haven't been able to find any examples.
While I find it a tad annoying to have a restroom attendant, I do appreciate a clean seat & sink.
Cool, casual atmosphere set in the heart of downtown Charlotte.
I'm not sure there is any other Korean noraebang in the city.
Great airport with lots to shop and eat!
I just don't fully understand what it's doing and wonder if this could account for the difference between local and deployed versions.
And you pick your entree (of course, the famous pasta trio is an option).\n\nThen you get to take your fill of their antipasto spread.
Laravel 4 Migration has syntax error when adding Foreign Key I'm trying to create a pivot table to hold some relationship data for some basic ACL functionality.
No need to add custom packet listener to connection object.
When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.\n\nWhat's the attraction behind this flea hole?
If you know when to go you wont have trouble parking, there is a lot of parking behind the building too.
I am a xml newbie trying to create a XDocument type from a xml file.
It had salsa and cheddar cheese on top, and a side of sour cream.
What is the point of calling...
The news feed does it's job by getting new content every 5 seconds.
Not too skimpy on the meat.
I am taking away a star because they don't deliver.
There is a problem about your styling, you use percentage for every measure, this means adapt your position based on parent side, parent is window size here.
I have also tried it with #center-stage and #center-stage.content as jquery parameters for the function.
This would make accessing items even easier and faster:
The service is always exceptional and the food is very good.
If it is a photo, I just make it 250x196 pixels (I don't care about aspect ratio.
My question is, is there any way that I can detect that " in the text is a hyperlink and thereby convert that part of the text in to a clickable hyperlink?
We use nsb_$endpoint_$function where $function = error or audit.
It was implemented in Rails 4.
I'd rather not use git's [alias] tools so I can keep all of my aliases in the same place ( ).
Therefore, if you fail to define this particular method, the linker may complain about the lack of definitions for apparently unrelated symbols.
A clean station with helpful staff.
I don't understand the negative reviews of this place!!
I think the best you can hope for is to disable the relevant menus/options when the second process is active.
lol\nAnyways back to the Saucer, draft beer menu, some really good bar quality food, pool tables.
Home made everything, including great family-made Greek wine.
These methods can refer to the data as needed.
Sandwiches average about $8, salads about $10, wood-fired pizzas about $12, and full-on entrees about $15.
azure-cli login getting "self signed certificate in certificate chain" I have installed azure-cli via but and am getting : Any hints appreciated.
May be the username 'git' does not work properly: From the comments of Gitosis , if you look at the authorized_key file you will see that it did not import the name of the system that key was generated on but the name of the server box.
You can remove it -- code adapted from -- by, for example: ...in your theme's , say, or from within plugin code.
If you're using ASP.net there are a plethora of libraries (mostly from Microsoft) to do the former, Anti-XSS lib etc.
I've had almost everything on the menu and loved it all.
YOu can find a great tutorial here - RestKit tutorial .
If you can afford a QA team, do it!
Are compilers able to avoid branching instructions?
Came here on a trip to Charlotte, and just like every other capital grille experience, it was pretty much perfect.
However, if your editor is Emacs, then go start with Lisp.
EDIT: here's a fiddle - FIDDLE!!!
rails-api nested attributes for a polymorphic association I have a polymorphic association like so: If I want to send a POST to my controller for clients ( ), when I send the JSON in the request body, how do I specify to create either an individual OR a business and set the association properly?
I've seen this behavior using the blocking connector when currentThreadsBusy > maxThreads.
Just remove the line form your route.
Will it take you to a place you've never been?
Now I have no issues getting it.
Corn bread, beans, ribs, brisket, pulled pork, etc; all the delectable food you'd expect from a place like this.
Be careful of code snippets you find on the web.
Both dressed and plated French cuisine-style (small portions) so at first you're thinking, OMG this is it for so much $$$?!
Yes it is a hotel by the airport but I've stayed at several hotels this lose to airports and they generally have better windows to isolate some of the noise.\n\nOverall, this was a good hotel.
jQuery file upload plugin error I am trying to implement the basic fileupload from blueimp file upload plugin: each time I run the code ,I select 3 files to upload I get this error: Unable to get property 'files' of undefined or null reference.
I've also found it helpful to use a nested @if block to handle the selected option differently so that it is selected on loading the document.
If you subscribe to these events they automatically get called when your input receives or looses focus you can use those events for your purpose.
The hotel's gym is not what I have been accustomed to in four and five star hotels.
I guess I could have scrapped these last few, but that's not what Yelpers do.
The real winner of the meal was the sausage calzone (which we added ricotta to).
However if you wish to still use Yii/PHP, i suggest you compile these programs and call them in a console application / command in Yii and just use Yii to process the parameters store and display the output.
For two dollars a piece, you get a 3x3x1 (or slightly bigger, depending) bar cookie.
EDIT Here is a stack trace of the exception.
Annie then ordered the chicken Romano which was really good.
We were at this hotel for an extended stay (12 days) and I have to say that our room service was exceptional!!
Could anybody tell me how to achieve that ?
Capistrano: How to disable "try_sudo" from a task I'm currently using capistrano for deploy scripts.
Determining the correct MSVCRT As there are different CRT builds with different versions, it is difficult to ascertain, which CRT should be packaged.
To perform dimensionality reduction this the 5*5 matrix looks small .
The order of elements in hash table depends on the particular hash implementation.
if you are going to do rapid create/delete/create cycles, you should use different application names so that you don't have to wait on DNS updates.
We enjoyed the pretzel rolls with our entrees of schnitzel and rouladen, just authentic German food.
They are always trying to make the facility better for new and seasoned climbers alike!
The bodies of class' functions (let alone other functions) are not taken into account.
It was to die for!!!\n \n3.
Trying my best to avoid singletons and keep things thread safe.
When I use the gdb debugger in c++ eclipse I can open up the console tab and type and it will print out the value of that variable.
You can then use this attribute for both the sort descriptor and for the , you don't need a transient attribute "sectionName".
Oh, make sure you park in the lot where they are located as this is the only lot they can offer validation for.
Error:The filename try.xlsx is not readable in excel_reader2.php I want to read the Uploaded Excel file in php.
Or if the user goes to their device settings, finds the App and selects the "Clear Cache" button.
Here's a simple project using sockets and files to read to and write from that I did a while ago.
Edit: Actually I can get this error message by using a scalar function as if it was a table valued function.
1-Go to design view of your table.
The CheckedChanged event occurs after the checkbox is checked or unchecked.
I knew I kept him around for some reason!\n\nSo on a cold, snowy Saturday night, we trudged up the mountain.
Steamed or water-simmered, kosher-style, all-beef frankfurter on a poppy seed bun.
I always take it off the bread to keep it as crispy as possible but those who know me know I have an obsession with fried crispy-ness.
Does anyone know how to achieve this ?
They carried alot of Jcrew, Ralph Lauren, Ann Taylor stuff...cashmere cardis, blazers blouses etc.
It's only peculiar item was that the prosciutto was almost off to the side and not in the pasta which I found to be odd but I still enjoyed it.
I tried Wedriver with python and it works a treat with my product.
They are super-friendly, very helpful and my dog loves them.
Go/Mgo -> []byte in MongoDB, slice of unaddressable array I'm getting a: reflect.Value.Slice: slice of unaddressable array Error when I'm trying to add a sha256 hash to a mongoDB with mgo.
Publish live stream using webrtc and wowza I have taken a preview copy for webrtc.
Walter's is the best and most honest mechanic I've ever worked with.
Otherwise, it works similar to .
I want to sent this over the webservice to get the near by hotels.
But it just won't work in IE8.
The other answers here are good enough to get you integrate Solr with your ASP.Net &amp; it should be pretty simple as Solr exposes HTTP.
Not able to enter user input on second run of while loop I'm writing a small payroll program with 2 classes (Payroll/contains main, and Employee).
The fried chicken was second to none, and once a complement of hot sauce was applied, heavenly.
Note, I am up to date with the R source: Running and in R's 3.2.2 branch have completed successfully and I'm able to use a variety of packages within an R session.
I'm aware of the sw EZ JCom, but I can't afford it.
But on localhost it raises on every POST request with .
and remove the line inside the method.
It's a beautifully preserved old time pharmacy and soda fountain.
Yes it's a cheaper package, but if we get our own massages, they can set it up to be at the same time and adjoining rooms.
I had the same problem, except my cause was that I was attempting to pass an integer (Int32) as a web service parameter.
The system accepts incoming connections and enqueues them to the backlog queue.
The iframe is 250x196 pixels but the contents aren't.
My daughter first took horseback riding lessons here over 15 years ago.
Between my webapp and my ldap server lies a firewall.
When you create a D3D device you specify which window do bind it to (third parameter of call).
Any time I'm in Charlotte, this is a must have!
\n\nStaff seems to turn over quickly, which I dislike, but they are typically friendly hipsters who take pride in making a great drink.
They are located a few miles outside of town in the last place you would expect a restaurant to be.
There is ample parking out back, and the service people out taking care of the gardens and rooms were friendly and courteous.\n\nWhen we checked out, they were renovating the main office, so it's nice to see that they are constantly striving to update and improve.
Thankfully there was a senior stylist available to do the color.
The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices.
\n\nThey fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.
The bf was starving per usual, so he started with the crab bisque, which he said was \""awesome\"".
\n\nShe is located on the 5the floor of the Investment Building.
The first thing that charmed me about Tram's kitchen was the tablecloths.
If your service is not bound to a running activity and doesn't run in the foreground, the system may stop it at any time.
I like Braintree specifically from what I see: Free up to first 50k (good for a small cloud based web service) Drop in UI that handles the encryption side of thigns for me (so it seems) My question is my solution requirements need me to seemily split up the transaction that UserB pays from a card into two places - a portion to UserA and a portion to the web service.
On anything over a few records you're adding measurable overhead.
I asked the owner about it, he told me he's been making pizza for 30 years and everything was prepared in house, including the dough, sauces etc.
Any place that combines Bubba's and Barbeque is a no brainer in the QC.
The best is the people there, Barbers and Customers.
How to pool a thrift client (or at least reuse the tcp connections) in java Is there a standard library for thrift in java that will facilitate the reuse of tcp connections for many rpcs that are being issued.
A frame by default supports Navigation.
Removing parts in the middle of a file is not possible, though.
Anyhow, our CMS only permits javascript to be embedded in news entries, so I can't store our review scores in SQL or use php, and I was thinking of using XML instead (not optimal, but it should work).
Use instead, and then have a look into your browser’s JavaScript console to see what the actual error is.
I'm totally doing this place a disservice with the description above b/c the hush puppies were on point.
When I print out the SOAP client object after it was initialized it is there but it is forgotten at the next call.
I recommend trying the Jet Room.
invalid – This group matches any other delimiter pattern (usually a single delimiter), and it should appear last in the regular expression.
If you have a choice of meat, hands down get the \""ham off the bone\"".\n\nOne other key note...
Please refer to below Apple reference link.
White prefers low scores and black prefers high scores, so you need some if statements to make it choose the appropriate preferred score.
I know that's a strange complaint.
One is to INNER JOIN Table B onto Table A by ID's.
The service is very attentive and accomodating.
The man that appeared to be the manager or owner, was helping in any way that he could.
If you posted your code it would be easier to help you, but heres the general idea.
Visit Use Cases for Whitelisting for more detail.
The service was on-point and our waitress was incredibly friendly and helped us out with suggestions when ordering.
First off, there's lots of different home screen implementations on Android.
If you don't particularly care for the seating area, just get your food to go.\n\nThey have some competition now with Maize open just down the street, but if you ask me, El Charro is just as good.
I'm doing a lucene search using PARENT.
In & out in 5 minutes.
I thought the rest of the meal was pretty good.
Poll mouse coords until it's within a certain radius of your app.
Here's a hint - use: to get the current time (measured in milliseconds since 00:00:00 UTC on 01/01/1970) with millisecond resolution .
You can type as many file names as you want one at a time.
For what i know Microsoft kinect for windows SDK does not best to detect open and close hands.
My major mistake was getting a 1/3 slab.
So, I created a method to calculte distance between 2 places and use it to calculate every single result in API results.
Ever since I was little, I have loved to order room service.
Why Class2 has public constructor if I cannot instantiate it because Class1 is not accessible?
Fabio, you were right about _Click eventhandler.
config.cache_classes messing with DateTime in model Hey guys, im having some problem here due to rails class caching.
and the bad is very similar, it just handles errors in an obj.res.errors and puts them into messages.
It comes with an entree, soup of the day and iced tea.
If you draw the big picture, we might be able to figure a way arround your problem.
I have two pages: and .
[EDIT from generator to function] You can try a function: Not sure if you want to keep the values, but if you need to tweak it, this should give you hints.
Added a star at end of meal because of service.\n\nShe said: The restaurant is located in a neighborhood where many houses have been converted into businesses.
decode form-urlencoded to hash The response I get to an LWP request is is it possible convert the text of this to a hash via some object method?
So your issue is probably fixed by upgrading to Qt 4.6.1.
The mask contains a popup list called dbclist with hardcoded type options (1, 2, 3, ..., 7).
Visited for my mother's 60th birthday.
\n\nAlso their mini jukeboxes are incredibly cute so if you're feeling extremely nostalgic of the '40's then I'd go here.
To save token for the which was accessed from , you need to use class.
Easiest example I can think of would be a method that sends some content to a JMS server.
Since they can only be defined within , you need to initialize a instance in order to access the contents of it: Please note that class was introduced as of iOS 9.0 &amp; macOS 10.11.
Django + alwaysdata.com Noob Question I'm learning Django and working on sample sites..
You have to use a view because does not respect KEEP or DROP data set options.
I want "some_function" such that: answers "2001022210".
The owner and his wife are delightful and very helpful.
Before I start experimenting with it, I would like to know if there are any flaws or risks I could be missing when using the rather unusual patterns described above.
You can find out this information using Firebug (Firefox) or Web Inspector (Chrome and Safari).
Not one of those places that charges a bunch and gives you 1 shrimp.
How do I get the first occurrence of OBX|1 without saying the line number is 4, this might change.
\n\nThe restaurant was busy, but not jam packed on an impromptu Friday night dinner date.
I wrote other classes such SparseMatrix and DynamicArray in exactly the same way and there was no error!...
\nI also recommend getting the No Rules Pasta with no protein (vegetarian) and sub the normal sauce for the fuego sauce.
\nWalking distance to many great places through out downtown Charlotte.
But I want without invoking browser, Need to upload video to youtube.
The system running cURL must manually resolve the hostname of the target service to the IP address of the host running stunnel (e.g.
I did wash it down with an ice cold beer.
Their Oktoberfest tent is a blast and worth a visit.
The clam chowder was really tasty with good consistency and was a huge serving, much larger than we expected.
uninstall.exe) and I've not the source code of the APP_1, just of my Qt APP_0.
using SSH to run a cleartool command with agruments on remote a linux machine when I run this then everything work: however if I have more than two arguments after exec like this: then it will fail with the error: extra argument:"cm_myview" so right now if there is more than 2 argument after -exec, then it will say those argument are extra, anyone know how I can fix this.
The sauces were a little thinner than most places but I don't mind not being dowsed with a ridiculous amount of cornstarch.\n\nIf in the area and not trying to deal with nuances of Piscies \""all you can eat\"" sushi lunch special I will be back.\n\nFYI, take a look at the pic that had been submitted if you want an idea of portion size.
\n\nWell, Sunnyledge is kind of a bed and breakfast type lodging but on Fridays from 6-8, they have their happy hour.
\n\nThe bar could use a few more bartenders - two guys splitting their time between making drinks and grilling the delicious food doesn't really work too well for a quick service.
The reasoning behind it is probably this: Registration is for your own protection: If there was no registration, anyone could have error reports for your app problems sent to them.
MySQL does get slow when the result set is large, but it doesn't seem like you would encounter that issue.
You've linked to it using a relative URI: e.g.
The way loopback decides which ACL entry is effective for the request, is by selecting most specific one that appears later.
This is, by far, one of my favorite places in the Strip District!
But, I had a little bit of my friends dark chocolate and banana crepe and it was just a delicious teaser to what will most certainly be my future dessert here!
Great good, reasonable prices, and a nice, relaxing atmosphere.\n\nThis location and the Upper St.
I think Bucky Book and/or Entertainment Book have BOGO coupons, but watch for when they're applicable!\n\nThis is a very nice course that is great for all levels of play.
How to multiplex python coroutines( send and receive) in a websocket based chat client via an event loop I am writing a console based chat server based on websockets and asyncio for learning both websockets and asyncio without using any other frameworks like Twisted, Tornado etc ..
The Android framework offers several options and strategies for persistence: Shared Preferences - Easily save basic data as key-value pairs in a private persisted dictionary.
You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.
Assuming that there is currently no way to abstract the behaviour of Tails and Horns, and they're are being used mainly as data holders.
I don't know why you want to keep the unidirectional relation here, because making it bidirectional would make your life much easier.
The presentation and plating felt high end but the place is very casual.\n\nRumor is Tuesday night is all you can eat bacon night, I'll have to make it for that.
When all the loops are complete, print out column '1' and the line.
I let them know and they quickly replaced my order with what I wanted and took it totally off the bill because they felt bad I had to wait longer for my food.
I tried to download them using Darcy Wripper, WinHTTrack and C# WebClient method.
This is a tiny place tucked into some snazzy downtown complex.
\n\nI have also used the laundramat there recently and received exceptional serivce.
Is it possible to send or receive data on traditional request /response basis using Firebase Our requirement is to send or receive data on traditional synchronous request and response basis using Fire base.
The only viable way of making readbacks "faster" is hiding this latency.
I have a server running on port 25565 bound to localhost.
So, call it like this: buffer is where the input is to be stored, 256 is the size of the buffer, stdin is the stream to read from.
Some with toppings/fillings you would not expect.
I would like to end my sentences and question here, but stackoverflow is forcing me to input a minimum amount of characters.
Great view from our high room.
Many, many TVs in the bar area, so this would be a great place to watch a sporting event.
Add the plugin in both the parent and child pom.
Being dog friendly was a great treat and we got to bring our 4 legged friend with us, who loved the stay.
The spicy crab soup and the chicken leek soup were delicious and I suspect homemade.
The Apple Caramel Almond is also very good, complete with halved almonds!
Even though some of the food is a little pricey, it is worth the money.
Capital Grille or Hyde Park bar is much better for bar scene.
I only do take out on my way to work.
Here I'm giving you how to save token for a file &amp; how to retrieve token for &amp; access that file.
After you order a Roanoke Railhouse (one of the few places it's on-tap in Charlotte right now), be sure to spend some quality time scoping out the wall decor.
Your has a width of 8 , 2 8 is 256 , and 135 ☰ -121 mod 256 (cf.
I have a function that updates a div with raw HTML.
In addition, if you are looking to convert from string[] to List , you can use the ToList() extension method in the System.Linq namespace like so:
Thanks in advance for the answers!
Since the solution and the project files are just .xml files(in later versions of VS at least), you can just use regular expressions to pull out all the referenced .h and .cpp files and then cross reference the list you got doing directory listings with the ones you can parse from project files.
I'd definitely come back or go to her other restaurant.
I recommend one of the more creative sandwiches then.
I will try to create a fiddle that creates the elements with d3.
That is not valid JSON, so you cannot do it with standard methods.
It's not possible to do so.....
Note that no one in their right minds would actually do this: This prints , not , because never gets incremented.
Chicken & Broccoli, Beef Lo-mein, Stir fried rice noodles, steamed pot stickers, & the chicken egg foo young are all great!
I would like to create a collection of key, value pairs in C# where the key is a property of an ASP.net control (e.g.
It may happen that there is new method available which I don't know yet.
Would recomend for a good change of pace from the norm.
However, when referencing an object in the API you do so with just the object's ID.
All the staff there is also very friendly and attentive.
Example I have a like this I already have this code.
\""Good man,\"" I said with an acknowledging nod.
The problem with most fusion places that they rely on the principal that the sum will equal more than the parts and therefore, the parts do not have to be that good to begin with.
I think I was one of his 1st patients when he started at MHMG.
I consider your stated problem is same like this.
So what is a good strategy for refactoring the above code into something that will work regardless of whether the knockout library has been loaded or not?
Refer to this awesome free course from Stanford for a very nice introduction on MVC (Model-View-Controller).
And you won't be disappointed by the food and drink options - I have one very fond memory of a long liquid lunch at the Bacardi Rum restaurant (yep - apparently that's a thing).
So the problem is that you have several records from table A (no matter that there are no duplicates) is that to 1 record in A there are 2 records in B (in some cases).
Musashi crams as many 2 and 4 person tables into the space that they can.
A great place for a Friday night fish dinner.
Because ifthey are, I was completely fooled.
Not 5 stars, but hey 4 is worthy.
Consequences of including an external script file in a GTM tag In GTM, lets say that I have a "custom HTML" tag, and in it include an external script file like How is this file loaded?
Like reviewers prior, it isn't cheap.
The domain key would be used by the client application to request the kind of generic data is needed (and would have no meaning whatsoever to the db provider).
We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be.
I am using MS SQL 2005.
I would like the viewer to be able to use the arrow keys (up, down, left, right) to advance.
SNMP has quite a significant CPU hit on the devices in question compared to telnet; I'd recommend telnet wherever possible.
Never going to be quite the same but I still love it!
Set the PuTTY charset to UTF-8 in the options.
The header would be the red and dark blue area.
String Representation Of A Year-Week One option is strings.
You are then setting the session variable to your original, unedited byte array (which is presumably why you're returning a document with no changes).
Every time I eat at Bo's, I remember Robert Murphy doing their ads on BIG WAYS radio circa 1979.
\n\nMost important, the vibe here is unlike any dance club I've been to.
I seem to be continually baffled by what works and what doesn't in PyQt4.
here are the supporting classes; (a simple itemwriter) (and a simple rowmapper) and here's the remaining config and and the sql stuff now finally a unit test
for example: ideas on how to do this?
I'm not kidding, i had no idea what to expect.
Whether you like a hot pastrami on rye or a plain ol' turkey sandwich this deli is the real deal!
Sushi Kim is already charging a whopping $24 per person--it would be nice if they throw in a dessert bar to sweeten up the deal (pun intended).
And honestly, I don't know if I would be able to tell the difference.
Friendly for those craving sushi, burgers, noodle bowls and every other light lunchy option you could want.
Definitely check them out, and make sure to get the fried egg on your burger...
Array hydration is not the best way for achieve this kind of situations.
Odd for a polish meal to be on the menu, but it was delicious.
It depends on how the mass of the blob (I guess in this case the area) is distributed throughout the blob's shape.
It's because the font is missing hinting, as already noted.
Do the same thing 10 times over (yeah that's something like 2000 pints) and from what I understand you will have earned yourself a trip to some epic beer-bash in Colorado.\n\nStaffed with plaid mini-skirt clad young ladies, the men are always in for the treat of eye candy.
Sure enough, they do!\nA large menu to select from and a Bloody Mary bar.
Your misunderstanding lies in how you check if the PHP file has received the request.
Please go by and donate to this USO.
EDIT: Just found a wonderful tool for checking utf-8 BOM and header problems.
\n\nWhole Foods can be pretty expensive, but if you don't fall for the tempting packaged foods, you can get away with a reasonable grocery bill!
Ok, so i found the answer my self.
The restaurant has two levels with high ceilings and polished wood floors.
I really enjoy the ribs and the pork shoulder sandwich.
Then Update the old table by joining with the new, assuming the is a key composite or not that distincts each row
We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer.
So output will be: I know that I can't see generated content with "view source".
(On the second half of that page is a concrete example of a "user name parameter".) To your problem with the exception: I'm using the "it-Syntax" with navigation properties a lot in EntityDataSource and it looks more or less exactly like your example.
Note that this doesn't include gems with sources included via or options.
has not been deployed to production, and you don't mind losing all your data, then this option is fine.
Re-write logic to fetch older data only when required.
Awesome spot with good beer, a pool table, darts, and even board games.
Check again constructor, according to JavaDocs, 3rd parameter is rejected field value: The exact part of code which overrides value is in class: So while you provide class with null , the form field is cleared.
Extensive wine menu and average service.
At the top of the PHP code where I receive the IPN, I have a simple mail() function, just for testing to let me know the code has been triggered.
Little Man E didn't even flinch.
It was fixed in a later release.
This requires to be set to .
recompile that library with the flag (or simply supply one properly compiled) and re-try with Blender BPY.
Use document.getElementById or jQuery to update data on the page.
Please make sure Signup is an Activity declared in the Android Manifest.
Food is good - I've had a few \""ok\"" meals (that's the only reason I'm giving this place a 4).
Is it possible to modify source code of the page (optionaly before it even loads) so I can change some styles to make the webpage look different?
I'm running a Laravel Site (Ubuntu) on Nginx (Not a virtual box).
And if there are 22 rows (as long as the remainder after divided by 20 is more than or less than by 1), there is errors.
I like sausage bland, covered in Senf (mustard), and made of ingredients you don't want to know about.\n\nMy friend found the Pasta Christopher delicious.
A Pittsburgh version of DeBruno Brothers in Philadelphia, Zabars in NYC.
Luckily, one of the girls I was with knew the manager and she alleviated the issue.
Quick Review: If it weren't for the stellar fish fry and the awesome beer selection, this place would be a solid 2.5-star establishment.
Bought a suit online from one of my favorite vendors.
Am I exposing myself to resource leaks by doing so?
The hot cakes were delicious but be prepared for more buttery goodness than one should consume in a month.
but the staff here in all aspects cranked it up another star.
My recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.
Hello I would like to know how do i remove empty nav tag in the navigation bar.
I encouraged my husband to order it after reading all the rave reviews here.
It will likely become our Friday night date spot!
Started off with a free beer, had the Octoberfest.
After the conversion the outputimage is completely black.
The only thing that could have made my experience better is a big bowl of cheese grits...
It's not the total number of bytes read since you started reading from the file.
We went to VCA Fox Chapel, and I was pleasantly surprised by how kind, caring, and gentle the doctors were.
This was no tiny, marble sized shrimp; they were plump and perfectly fried.
The slaw was very substantial and was dressed well without being overwhelming.
JJ took us down to the basement and showed us the underground tunnels that used to be used for the local politicians to make their way to the brothel unnoticed.
Any ideas where this left margin is coming from and how I can remove it / work around it?
I had the same problem recently.
This returned a wrong answer; what could I do differently?
Every item we were served was cooked go absolute perfection.
(And when I say literally, I do NOT mean \""figuratively,\"" which so many people do, by accident I suppose, but they're saying exactly the opposite of what they mean!
If possible, the advantage of this approach is that your tests would be testing something very close to the real code.
It's a great place for a breakfast.
I would like to build another bundle with maven which depends on the fragments with the resources.
Sitting out here is a great place to mingle, but it's rough because I actually like baseball.
(just fulltext trace file for DEADLOCK) Just look here for exact information how to look into your trace file.
Those other places that I mention you'll definitely be paying alot more for marginally better sushi - at least in my opinion.
I was sceptical but couldn't have been happier once my meal came.
They also send you a coupon for a free dinner on your birthday and can use it anytime during your birthday month.
Check the high level view of how 'real-time' each possible solution can really reach, on Apache Drill homepage.
It smells of chalk and the floors are soft and covered in carpet.
We tried the carnitas - flavorful and tender - and a burger - expertly seasoned and juicy.
I stepped into the Pennsylvanian as I was scouting wedding reception locations.
If you order the Gyro dinner you better be hungry.
Great service, educated stylists regardless of what level they are.
I was sure I'd get the full-rotor press from the chains, because that's kind of their job.
Each handler instance can be customized to have its own format and logging level.
\n\nDuring the day, you can come here and they have these kickass big, savory, juicy burgers (a different burger and fries special each day) that are really yummy and filling so if you haven't already, try making it out here at least once for lunch.
The error I am getting is "ORA-12154 TNS Could not resolve the connect identifier specified" from what I have read so far I needed to add reference Oracle.DataAccess.dll.
Tour is $5 and they just take you through the warehouse and some of the brewing area.
They do a nice job getting you seated in a reasonable amount of time.
You say you're outputting a csv.
I recently picked up a couple of bread rolls with cream filling which is a Korean delicacy that satisfies your sweet and savory cravings.
I have done like this for one of our projects and it is working fine.
I can't figure out why it's doing it as they should be all in line from what I can tell.
Great food & service.\nBeen here for breakfast and lunch, good home cooking.\nGood prices also.\nOh, just a note to Dave S; Yes you can mess up breakfast, you been to any of the IHOP's lately?
So what i think is that you may not have some jsps that you are using in that particular "admin" namespace.
I still made a reservation on opentable but it was completely unnecessary since the restaurant was pretty empty.
The people who work there are still so dang nice.
They have a list of links to competition, both academic and industrial tools.
and executed below query using lag which automatically tracks previous row.
I drove crazy finding this information....
- YOU DO NOT DESERVE THE CAP-G\"" Yeah, bringing it back to Seinfeld for that one.
command does not show installed packages, but search packages in pypi.
So I have bought myself a book on Java programming and would like to follow the examples in the book.
Wrapping in a struc avoids the overhead of allocating and freeing memory, as well as avoids remembering to free.
Still, should be your container of choice.
I'm now going through my closet looking for other shoes that I thought were goners as I just know this magical man can bring them back to life as well.
I've tried many I wasn't satisfied with, but their soup had a wonderful, vibrant flavor.
Are these objects created elsewhere e.g.
Many of the cashiers seem disengaged which is too bad since so many of the customers are from the neighborhood and would probably like to make eye contact with the cashiers they see regularly.\n\nBring cash - credit cards aren't accepted.
Scala Form, Type mismatch error I am trying to do CRUD on a Category class: categoryEdit.scala.html : The controller code: Entry in Routes file is as below.
EDIT: I'm looking to avoid substring javascript outputs, or convert the results.
zmq_send and zmq_recv seems to handle zmq_msg_t structures rather than just the buffer.
jQuery change css background when y-axis scroll reaches a certain depth After scrolling down 600px, I would like a css background-image to appear from no image to a decided background-image (image 1); however, above 600px, I would like to change to another image (image 2).
The browser grabs a reference to , and queues up the "real" call for later.
I know that you can pass scripts through User Data when creating EC2 instances, but is that possible in Elastic Beanstalk?
Staff was the best--fast and friendly service, very attentive without interrupting us.
The food is the high point of this place.
Next are all the gadgets and gifts.
What am I supposed to write in the Constructor method, such as it will be able to get its values from the getters?
The staff was extremely friendly and they didn't pressure me into buying anything I didn't need I felt respected and that I could trust them.
The attribute is not the correct attribute to use for a hover tooltip effect.
Established in the 1940's, Penn Mac is famous for their cheese selection with hundreds of choices.
Next, create the indexes and .
But it makes the view function long and ugly.
With IE10 even better and faster than ever before, and you can use real JavaScript instead of JScript.
Check this and let me know.
I've added a theming directory to my app as described Now, I want to be able to override templates by dropping in a file, which will render right off the controller action.
had every flavor you could think of for cookies, cupcakes, muffins, breads, some candies.....
It is an ECMAScript property of instances and is inherited through prototypes .
i have a wierd problem that i dont understand, when i run the apsx on the browser, i dont see the changes i made in the javascript file.
Maharani is one of our best Indian food places for me and my wife.
The service was fast and friendly, the sweet tea was syrupy sweet and the interior is very entertaining.\nMy sister enjoyed a dessert - was it sweet potato cake?
This is the only place I call execute, and it's a button that I'm creating in the onCreate() method.
As or me, I've always used instead of :
I had one of those nights where I was hungry for something but didn't know what and that's just the worst.
I tried the below stated method and it solved the issue: This method works if you are importing test cases into the test suite and running the suite on the command line.
This place is the ultimate hangout.
I searched for things relating to this topic and tried implementing them in my code however none seem to work as i dont even know the real cause for this problem.
No matter what, the staff is super helpful.
I used because my application has multi-language support.
Lori said she has been doing this for 20 plus years wow.
There could be multiple requests being sent at the same time to the server, by multiple browsers.
Using an orm, or micro orm could help a lot.
You can some changes in your css
You can use String array for holding three string
You can tell the neighborhood loves this place because like other Charlotte favorites we've found it packed all the time.
Won't recall variable from within boolean expression I'm having trouble finding what exactly java is having trouble with when recalling a variable.
He even took time to check with me after hours about the needed repairs and to make sure I would get the service I needed.
Annotation based request validation I'm trying to validate a numeric variable in the request, what I'm trying to achieve, for this field to be non null and numeric.
You might be able to load Flash 8 into Flash 10 but I would be very surprised if the reverse is true.
Crux of my question is: Can I integrate my existing python code, that I use using selenium RC (Python bindings - selenium.py ), with Webdriver using python ?
CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE\n\ni love fioris.
So instead of : Can I do something like:
(windows down, windows up made it too tempting to nosh at every stop light)\n\nThe jerk was really nice, very mild and sweet.
A late night dessert run with my pregnant bestie led to a Monty's revelation:\nThey now serve (organic, classy) Sassy Cow ice cream, have even nicer and more delectable cheesecakes and their brownie sundae puts the Ella's Sparkled Kazoo to shame.
The saving grace is that there is a great patio outside where you can go if cancer isn't your thing.\n\nOne final personal note: if you come here and order Bud Light (or some other equivalent) you're wasting space and need to be eradicated.
I love the eggs, the home fries, and the friendly but harried service.
Impossible to recommend one without knowing more about what you're trying to do.
The interface instance can be made a context singleton (lazily instantiated).
Delicious home made authentic italian classics.
For ORM, you can try greenDAO .
I get lost trying to maze my way through the hospital so I have to walk around the outside.
When data became too big to fit memory, the only way is use extended memory (HDD).
I also get a side of guacamole that really good, but I don't count it as it has it has all the good kinds of fats that are good for you!
I would also recommend checking out this guy's github for a good example of a fork bomb.
Thank you Jonathan...and all of your staff for an awesome dining experience.
\n\nShadow supports local artists and has weekly open mics.
Actually, I have found a working code (below).
I suspect we will return to Carmon's for brunch during our next visit.
The sauce is so yummy...no wonder they sell bottles of it!
Without using one-to-many relationships, I was able to create two separate entities, Albums and Songs, which aren't linked together.
If that call returns "3", you know the text is rendered invisibly.
Yes, NUnit tests are supposed to be isolated and it is your responsibility to make sure they are isolated.
Output which I got is below.
here's my function: this returns 'undefined' this is the array i'm passing as 'collection': this is the function i'm passing as 'test': here's my _.each():
How to get the saved value form my custom form field type in joomla?
Can somebody tell me what's wrong?
I've been here a handful of times, and I don't think I could ever get bored of their sandwiches.
I need to concatenate them into a single list.
And remembers my name, as well as the names of other regulars.
or the Flexible Publish Plugin : Add it to your project's config with Post-build Actions → Add post-build action → Flexible publish .
But, it doesn't How exactly does this work?
But why does an instance leaving cause an unknown address?
The ice cream was vanilla with streaks of peanut butter, and the sundae had warm peanut butter and M & M pieces spooned into it.
I've stayed on the North Shore, Station Square and city outskirts before, but this was my first time down here.
I wish they were open past 2:00pm, but understand they are tailoring to a specific food type.\n\nGO TO THE JET ROOM!
A waiter mixed up an order and was very apologetic and quickly resolved the issue.\n\nOverall, I'm happy that the place is finally open.
I've always liked PF Chang's and, generally speaking, this location is pretty good.
It's full of detailed information about my bills & ways to possibly cut down.
What I want, however, is to make this a module.
I want to run a single process for any number of client because I dont think its wise to train the algorithm every time a new client gets connected.
I have a custom_layout.ctp under views.
Shop JCP online to take your time viewing the merchandise.
Soup is outstanding and service is friendly and fast, and fun!
Maleah was so incredibly helpful and caring.
Any advice will be very helpful.
Cheap, tasty food served by friendly people in a quaint environment.
I tested the link on IE6,7,8.
I have been there twice now and both times the service and food was impeccable.
The format of the line is nXXXXXXXX description of class
Firefox maximize doesn't trigger resize Event I try to catch resize events with jquery and the Everything works fine, except when I use the maximize Button in Firefox, the event is not thrown.
But you try to add there instead.
Also for dessert try the Mochi with red bean..
The wine bar is hidden in the back area and it is such a nice place to visit during the week.
I've been looking at group join syntax, but with so many tables, a lot of left outer joins and a where clause I haven't made much headway.
As a craft beer fan, I always peruse the oat soda section.
For version 2.0 create c# code to invoke power shell and execute 1st command for mailbox creation then dispose and write another set of c# code to invoke and execute the Active sync command and dispose.
That said, unless you already have a datacenter running VMWare, all of those options are pretty awful and will take a lot of effort to get setup so you may be best waiting for your firewall to be opened up instead.
How do I fix that in my code so it will sort distance as a Double and not a String?
It's always busy.\n\nLast night, we ordered fried green tomatoes, fried oysters, Cajun pasta, and the steak special.
EDIT I have the color codes which are stored in the database named as statusColor.
This is the code that is running and it makes no sense why it generating the PHP error.
My daughter had the wet ribs and only shared a single bite (don't blame her a bit).
The veggie wrap, Greek breakfast burrito and the caprese sandwich are terrific.
They give out these massive coupon books with oil change/service discounts to get people to come back which I will likely get me to go back.\n\nLike most places like this, they offer to do extra services (air filter change for example) which you could probably do on your own without much hassle.
Have a home project or problem...ask the experts at Rolliers.
The exception's message is not that useful :(
So after call ended i need that event of which last number will dialed or which app is runs.
This also allows for generic types without too much repetition.
for orchestrating a fun and entertaining evening!
I think I will finish it all off because I did not eat lunch today.
u can use isEnabled() to verify whether it is enabled or disable.it returns boolean .if it returns true the element is enabled if it returns false the element is disabled.
A blueberry shake was made with real blueberries.
Is there something I need to do within my install of Android Studio to get the map loading, or is there an API I need to load or install?
How to iterate over a formset in django?
In this method you can return a promise (while you fetch data) and redirect if the fetch fails In fact if the promise is rejected, the routing will be cancelled If successful you can use whatever method you need to load in your module (assuming it can't just be part of the module that is being loaded since routing won't be cancelled) Something like
My wife was very happy with the salmon.
They always have many small plates to choose from.
You will have to iterate the list once more to set the current qty to each item from the map [EDIT] :- Added the iterating time removal.
This is a good use case for promises .
Your should be targetted to a and NOT .
Upscale refined food but no stuffiness came along with it which is my favorite combo.
\n\nI got the Holy Grail Ale and the Breakfast Burger.
I don't believe its on the Breakfast menu!!\n\nCheer's
There's probably an enum for glPushAttrib for that in normal OpenGL (no glPushAttrib in OpenGL ES either).
I also have another page presenting that data using SELECT.
The sauce over the entree was a great accompaniment to the fish and risotto.\n Did you know how serious Upstream is about their food?
They recognized the members of our group that had been there the previous day.
Karen and everyone else in the shop were all very kind and provided lots of information.
The point is, to exchange the symetric key between client in server in private way, so the rest of communication can be ciphered usint that key.
Try and stay here anytime I'm in Charlotte.
To remove the matches, you can easily create a new column with an expression testing if the primary keys match like: Then filter to the matching rows and delete if you don't want them in the data set.
It was good and there were plenty of leftovers between the lo mein and the two entrees we ordered.
\n\nMy two girlfriends and I always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.
I vacillated between 3 and 4 stars for the Breakfast Club...but, ultimately, is you're having a) bachelorette bar crawl, b) an '80s night of any kind or c) it's super late and you're jonesin' for some Michael Jackson tunes...Breakfast Club nicely fills the void.
haha only came here once for happy hour, but i am just pleased with the price.
\n\n We only ordered the wee size (one scoop of ice cream) but that was more than enough to satisfy us.
Cout works right to left in your compiler so first rightmost is evaluated then left one.
I am able to send data from raspberry to laptop (tested for echo application).
Easy to eat lunch for less than $5.
I recommend this place to all the closes people in my life and everyone who has given them a chance won't go anywhere else now!
His staff loved him and they all was laughing with all their customers and just seemed they loved working there.\nWhat a Great leader.
you say you can't install anything, but could you write the necessary stuff into the registry yourself?
A very similar answer to @Suever, using a loop and logical matrix rather than cells
Maybe mine is not the best answer, but i just trying to help you here.
Took a long time to get it to work.
Seats right in front if the stage.
This hotel is located on the west side of downtown Charlotte, less than one minute from Highway US 77.
\nThe oyster House is split up into two different restaurants next-door to each other..
Start recording your macro by going to View > Macros > Record Macro.
Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
Two Turtle Doves\nDecember 2102 Yelp Challege]
The more restrictive method of parent class in child class can be considered as child class specific method instead of overridden method by compiler.
"Auto-increment" is always a problem when working with a distributed system, as it creates a bottle-neck: Each new increment needs to read the previous data ..
The menu is predominantly sandwiches and wraps but the selection is VERY good.
I found a somewhat similar post which pointed met to the delegate.
What a great find in Charlotte!
If all you want to do is output each question (without any validation!) you don't need the question variable at all.
I've been meaning to go for a while but, always forget about it because of it's location.
I had lunch at Capital Grill and was pleasantly surprised by the menu options that included fish and other non-meat items.
I know that they are just variables that are type safe and thread safe.
There isn't a ton of carpet throughout and no empty seats around.
Not easily, the default size of a JLabel, JTextArea etc.
What's you store there is forgotten when the session ends.
Believe the hype about Tessaro's; I can't recall eating a better burger than the one I had there last night.
There are still warts -- it's Windows after all!
In my case there are the following simplifications: Paths don't contain symbolic links.
Putting it together, with my own syntax style:
She worked hard to figure out which local flowers would be available at the time, and as a result we only had to have a few things that were sourced regionally instead of locally - very cool!!
Puzzled of Oxford - thanks in advance.
\n\nI took my wedding dress here for alterations too.
Here's some historical data for trending.
Currently your query is returning 4 rows: and you're picking the first row out of that result set, so that is why you're seeing what you're seeing (although the ordering of the rows is up to the server because you did not request a specific ordering).
Finally I got the very reason of this behavior.
Any idea about what is the problem?
So not only is reusing ID's not necessary but fundamentally wrong in the theory of database design.
When I try the following , the "pages" ListBox does get bound to the correct document, but it gets a binding error "ReferenceConverter cannot convert from System.Xml.Linq.XElement" I think I'm close, but having issues getting it to work.
If you want use generators to make async then you code is valid.
Once enough messages are added in, only this section will become scrollable as to having the entire page become scrollable.
If you're on one of gcj's supported platforms, you could try using it to compile BCEL to native code.
This will cause your finanacial records to be inaccurate.
Android offers to broadcast events local to the app.
No longer cash only, which is nice since I never have any.
Test files need to use project's to load classes which will be tested at least, while global PHPUnit needs to load it's own So in the project's tests I can't use PHPUnit autoloaded classes.
I have a feeling that the correct way to do this is by: creating a new table titled "Viewers" and having just one string field (for the person's name) in there.
Decor is standard sports bar kitsch but the place is clean and vibrant, service is really good, and nearly everything I have had there has been extremely well done and consistent.
At this moment I have to store array of all types and when I get a tag, I should go through array and find a type with specification to this type.
My use-case is quite simple: a bidirectional audio intercom between a kiosk and to a control room webapp.
I have used Occasions Catering for both corporate and social events.
suppose we have the following two tables I need to a query that selects all people from table and orders them ASC by the ones that have the least images in the images table So the order of the returned rows would be
if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap, I'm in!
Everything on the menu is yummy.
It gives you a value in range form 0 to 1.
Is it possbile to Unregister a BroadCast Lister I have a BroadcastReceiver registered in the manifest for 5 different events.
If you're new to the steel city, and want consistently superb modern Italian, this is your place.
She pointed out the chocolate thumbprints and while she bagged those up I spied individual pineapple upside down cakes.
King sized bed, robes, our own deck with a great view of the sheep.
It takes a very long time.
I tried out with some test(toast), but its like it does not read this method.
Because nothing says, \""I've just moved to a small Midwest college town\"" like \""Let's consume the flaming jungle juice of the gods, ladies and gentlemen!\""\n\nThe food was good, although I found my shrimp fried rice as boring as it sounds.
The free wifi is usually fast.
The store is on a stretch of Penn where you can still find a metered parking place right out front.
It was such an older crowd that they came and left in Access SUVs and a school bus.
I have a DataGrid where i put my inventory items in this way: Ok it works fine and show me my items.
She said she had one cancellation.
If an segfault happens on this instruction, EIP will be set to the recovery address.
Do you have any suggestions on how to get this to work?
Renya's is a great resource for a lot of mexican and south american staples.
\n\nCooper on East Blvd is a great Indian cuisine option.
How to use it ( examples )
Fancybox groups galleries together by using the 'rel' attribute on elements targeted with .fancybox().
I pulled in and honestly thought that Yelp directed me to a warehouse.
You want to add the result every time you preforms this operation (I assume).
The takeout service is super quick as well - I think I got my food within 2-3 minutes of placing my order.
Best place to get Dogs and Gyros.
CLASSPATH=MQ_INSTALLATION_PATH\java\lib\com.ibm.mqjms.jar; MQ_INSTALLATION_PATH\tools\jms; I have tried this however and It still seems to be failing me.
You either like it or you don't.
It is rarely necessary to close a DB.
Conditional/Occasional Logging with Boost Log Library Is there a way to do Conditional/Occasional logging with Boost Log Library?
I propose this solution, which doesn't deviate much from yours: This prints the years.
They have an incredible goat cheese salad, and the kitchen is very accommodating for substitutions and add-ons to the menu.
Can someone tell me, what is the problem with
The program won't consider those two as the same, how do I change this?
And Fortunes is a completely unassuming and modest one.
I'm not really sure where to go from here.
After the median, apply a morphological gradient (simply - ) and binarize the result by Otsu.
change the default message on upload file cakephp In cakephp I want to upload a file on a form entry, e.g.
Next time I will go with Medium.
Do you have any advice how to avoid the freezing?
I want to display some equations in my android app and was wondering how to display a simple equation.
A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.
It's less cluttered and everyone is really friendly.\n\nMy stylist is Jessica and I can't say enough good things about her.
Always use any features and tools where they help, not where they hurt.
just ordinary HTML+JS, no server side scripts).
Go to Busch Gardens, and Cedar Point and you will have the same experience.\n\nBut for entertainment, there are plenty of rides (and plenty of styles), live shows, and numerous pay-per-play midway games.
I love this place, you are free to come in, plug in and play.
list's index() method for nested structures OR how to match against particular value of composed element stored in list and get it's index It is possible to get index of particular element in list using method, following way (borrowed from Is it possible to apply the same principle to nested structures (if not what is the closest most pythonic way)?
I'm using following class and following way to get the FilteredCheckboxTree object: but it is telling me: The constructor FilteredCheckboxTree(Composite, FormToolkit, int, PatternFilter) refers to the missing type FormToolkit.
Nice airport with free Wi FI and some very good restaurants.
I reset my APP Secret Key thinking that it may fix the problem but it didn't.
Excellent variety of chocolates from throughout the US as well as tons of international options.
Await the result of that method before starting the individual IO and awaiting that as well.
This redirect Will not provide you any information about the GET request that you just made.
The flank steak with baked potato was edible, a little dry on the meat but hey it was free.
The only downside is that the venue itself is tiny and it would definitely be difficult to accommodate a larger party.
However is it a bit more elegant.
If I'm looking for something a little unusual, Frugal's has a good chance of having it.
My daughter's Quincea\u00f1era+/Sweet 16 Formal was held here at Lake Windsor Golf and Country Club on Sunday, April 10th, 2011.
I loved every single bite of it.\n\nI also sampled the Lake Perch and shrimp - both of which were excellent as well.
I also don't get too crazy and order anything complicated, though.\n\nSides- I love love love their sides.
I would suggest reading this for a detailed explanation of the issue.
Although it is not object-oriented, Haskell offers a significant number of the features that interest you: Syntax support for list comprehensions, plus notation for a wide variety of sequencing/binding constructs.
Update : I tried using following code also to resolve the issue but came across error again for line: Update 2 : I tried using module also to copy the csv into xls (as it doesn't support xlxs) and again came across error, code which I used was:
The egg rolls are deep fried and stuffed with chicken, beans, red peppers, zucchini, tomatoes, corn and pepper jack cheese!
How to get this simple thing?
I would buy a batch of those if I could!
As I click some of the tabs, the views are loading properly.
When you do maven install on A they will not be compiled again.
For my main entree, I got one of the great meat sauce pasta dishes which is everything you expect great Italian food to be.
The stuffed grape leaves are my bench mark for grape leaves.
XSLT 1.0: replace new line character with _ I am having this below variable and I have this function: And when I tested the function I saw my result is like this: _ d _ e _ d_ and I want my result to be only d _ e _ d
You don't need to size the parameter in the declaration and can't because the [][] syntax requires compile time constants.
And my C-style is somewhat different FWIW.
You will not be sorry you visited.
I recently stayed here because the conference I was attending was held here.
That gives the browser a moment to repaint (if it needs it, which varies by browser).
If you order a jack and coke, you'll be lucky if you can even taste the coke.
(Note: I only need to output it to a comma delimited file at this time.
To-date this is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte and I highly recommend you give it a try.
I've figured out I need "android:requiresFadingEdge", but now instead of a fade, I get a solid block that appears on the top/bottom when I'm scrolling.
I definitely will be back for the huge variety of pickles they sell in their barrels!
I read the reviews online and my heart sank as most of them seemed to be negative...
You are welcome to try to find some third-party library that offers you whatever functionality it is that you seek.
He now has luxorious massaging dental chairs, state-of-the-art equipment and even a moveable LCD TV above the chair so as to relax you while you're worked on!
it's completely edible, though.\n\nThe service is still wonky.
I don't use those any more so I don't remember much.
But don't forget that you cans use wizards to make your query, then you can always see how your SQL code looks like.
I can't wait to go back and have dinner there.
So I moved onto the bigger walls toward the front of the place.
Prices are better than Strawberry Fields, sometimes by an order of magnitude, the selection is usually wider and they are less likely to be sold out of the stuff I want.
Also, as you walk in you'll notice that they're open 365 days a year.
It is decorated with authentic old Greek photos which always make me feel at home (although I'm from Sicily!) The food is great every time I go there and SOO filling --I feel like I'm at home and my grandmother is stuffing me with food!
Should I create an action like so: And have a handler in the states like so: I've tried this, but the function doesn't execute.
I need to wait somehow for it to finish before using that data - exactly what I'd do with DoEvents in a while loop.
EDIT: MimeType pom.xml: HttpServer (Main project) pom.xml EDIT I forgot to clarify 1 thing: I use IntelliJ IDEA.
Look in the project build settings for the Deployment Target setting.
There is another evil change, you need to write doctype html instead of doctype 5 script var x=1 is now script.
Lots of options for food and lovely deco.
Sort each array, and join them back together.
I would like to keep it set to true because I'm not knowlegable enough to change that from the default setting.
They serve \""bar food\"", but there's a nice variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food.
Even though I begrudgingly went to Cap Grill because my boyfriend wanted a steak, I enjoyed myself just as much as he did.
That list also can be used directly in .
I have gone through the various similar question on this site, but can't seem to figure it out.
If you make a Controller method with a different parameter name from id for a single parameter method, you have to make a new route .
Their Chicken Salad and assorted potato salads are awesome...always fresh, always great.
More so is that doctors change the rules of their practices to make seeing them that much of an onerous process.
The food is exceptional, drinks well prepared, service is very good.
Very woody and tons of awards and plaques etc.
DJ will restart the current processes properly, all in their own place.
Use regular JS where possible, use jQuery where needed.
Then, you can simply add a hyperlink.
different, definitely, with a nice crunch.
Lots of TVs, good beer selection, full menu and good staff.
I have no idea what the deal is.
I always assumed that that was their first bar, and just walked by the place maybe a hundred times, until walking in and noticing that everyone was drinking in a different bar.\n\nIn other words, this place is *huge* inside.
The reason why i choose means, grep is a tool which prints each match in a separate line.
Some of my favorite Pittsburgh moments happened here and that's saying a LOT.
This doesn't work for long periods of time.
Terrific breakfast buffet, hot beverage delivered to my room with newspaper every morning, turn-down service.
The lo mein noodles and dumplings were great.
I can obviously clear the session on my end, but is there a way through the API to actually log out of the Desire2Learn site as well?
with Notepad++, Search Mode = Extended, replace with , maybe check first and last lines)
During my latest experience, I was impressed by the hearty fall entrees.
I want to add that drawing slate in image View.
The burger wasn't as greasy as usual and the fries are crunchy and full of flavor!
However [1, 2, 3].respond_to?(:to_sym) would return false , since you can't turn an array into a symbol Links: a] Ruby is oriented to what methods call answers to, rather than what type an object is.
2.You can sort on this matrix.
Deploy package to multiple IIS sites on same tentacle I am using Octopus Deploy and TeamCity to automate the testing, building, packing, and deployment of a .NET app to multiple servers.
In my case, I want these dynamically-added properties to be a shortcut to store and read values from a database, so unfortunately it's not as easy (where a function was used) or (where values where stored in a dictionary): I must call other methods of the class.
An example in C++ (no matter how clumsy or bad programming this might be) would be the following: ...
perfect spice level and it doesn't interfere with the flavor.
My copies have started falling apart and I grabbed what I thought I needed.
This checkbox needs to be UNCHECKED, because this will clear your SharedObject on each application launch!
First one contains all of database.
And then I get to sit.
They do not do any real selection but everything else out ways the sushi.
I'm also using PowerCLI to automate some stuff.
Desk staff were super nice(I left my key in the room once).
\n\nOne of my cats is extremely nervous in public situations, but always calms around the Dr.
You probably don't need the .dialog('open') call; use the option autoOpen : true instead.
1) please read tutorial about JTable that's contains TableRowSorter example , issue about RowSorter must be in your code 2) by default you can to use follows definition for ColumnClass, 3) or you can to hardcode that 4) or override (notice crazy code)
Gigantic big box store (larger than your typical Wal-Mart) with high bay racks of storage that go all the way up to the ceiling.\n\nBJ's is a membership store and while you can do a trial shop (15% surcharge), you're better off simply joining for $50 a year.
They aren't super expensive, and I like how you can get as many cuts as you want.
It was still a 5 minute wait for the shuttle bus back to the terminal (where I had to wait for ANOTHER shuttle bus back to the parking lot).\n\nWARNING WARNING WARNING!!!
You can either use the function: Or you can pattern match: Here destructuring is used to split the list into its head and tail elements (the tail is ignored which is why is used) This has nothing to do with the type of the elements inside the list.
I have tried to define the table in css, but it doesn't work.
At least those are the things I always walk away from the place remembering.\n\nThis location is no different, great staff and comfortable atmosphere to relax with no rush to dining.\n\nThe parking is pretty non existent here so I suggest valet.
If you need to specify an index point, that is what dictionaries are for, so you should be using that instead of an array.
I haven't run into any of the managers yet...
The light came on at 7800 miles.
!true -> false !!true -> true !!!true -> false
Yes, it is ugly, but it seems to work: Demo:
They do have Perrier - which I love!\n\nI'll be back - very cute little old timey diner!
I highly recommend the Shrimp and Broccoli, but really everything there is worth trying.\n\nWait staff is very attentive, bordering on too attentive at times.
Try to remove 2nd call and check.
\n\nParking is fairly convenient as well, which is a definite plus for something located uptown.
You can see a working example of here :
I was very happy with my experience and will return to this establishment in the future.
Cost me $3 to have a break light replaced.
There are a few algorithms outlined on Algorithmics of sudoku .
C# How can I make an extension accept IEnumerable instead of array for params Having this extension wanted it to accept IEnumerable and casting to array if needed inside the extension, but I don't know how to use the params keyword for that.
Don is there most days and provides some fast talking, but is genuine in his advice and feedback.
\n\nI wasn't sure what to get there so I went with Rosemary Garlic loaf to get something with flavor.
I thought about working out at the nice gym but the bed...
So I was super excited when Sheryl T.
Tim, the head mechanic (Tim Walter, hence the name of the shop), is amazingly helpful and accommodating.
like you call function in other programing language like in java or c#: similarly if you want to call a function in objective c the syntax is calling function is like this :
Bring your coat into the restroom.
Awesome customer service, affordable for high school students, and they really support local causes.
Depending on the use case, there may be workarounds.
getting the raw source from Firefox with javascript I am writing a program to validate web pages on a remote server.
The computers are registered by a tag and number.
I ran into a similar problem once.
Just to let everyone know, Namaste Indian Restaurant has moved (January 2013) from it's old location in the Banksville Plaza to 1150 Banksville Rd, adjacent to The Days Inn.
After a bit, he nodded at us, and started moving a couple of tables around inside.
My script will read that xlsx file and pull cities from that.
The place is adorned with \""Best Of\"" plaques and I can see why.
You want to use You could find the local maxes that way, go left and right until it drops to a certain threshold or by a certain percentage (since the peaks have some girth), and then order them, and calculate the distances between as a subtraction between values.
I hear this is a rocking place on the weekend, but on a cold Tuesday afternoon, we pretty much had the place to ourselves (except for the loudmouth \""screenwriter\"" at the bar).
A very well managed cigar lounge.
Unable to connect to remote Oracle database from a machine that does not have oracle client I have a dot net executable (build in Visual Studio 2008) that attempts to connect to remote oracle database from a machine that does not have oracle client installed.
I went with the \""Signature Cut New York Strip.\"" To be totally frank, it is quite possibly the best steak on the face of the planet.
As a side note, see that I can pass data from Select to Edit without a protocol by creating properties in Edit and setting those properties in the prepareForSegue method of Select.
When there is error it will show error message.
I want to remove/hide "Leave this page" button or want to trigger "Stay this page" button in confirm navigation of browsers?
It was packed full of chicken and the sour cream and guacamole was off to the side so you can choose to make your salad \""even healthier\"" if desired.\n\nService was great and quick....
They all actually embraced me as soon as I started to boogie which was cool.
Carolyn McCoy was the person who kept in contact with me and she was great.
So the new language will need to have features including full CRUD, tabbed forms, datasheet style sub-forms, combo-boxes and reports.
The bartender has an excellent rapport with her patrons, a quick wit and a kindness that comes across right away.
Be sure to be cognizant of the differences in copying from this example.
I live very close to this take out Chinese restaurant and have used them many times over the years.
Why does WebImage.Resize strip out PNG transparency Using WebImage from the MVC3/WebMatrix release.
Is it possible to implement message segmentation using JMS as it is in using Native IBM API as shown here .
\n\nThey have a huge variety on both their drink and food menu.
Here is the link for log: And the new.js.erb as this: the problem is that after clicking 'Log', instead of one view, 2 identical views of out_logs/new.html.erb were rendered.
Isn't the whole point of Client Credential Flow (app-only) that I shouldn't need to enter any credentials to read data, since I've created a certificate that connects my AAD-app with my web-app.
I got this compile error when I compiled the .adb file.
I think I have been staring at it for too long and become blind to it...
Other solutions can have implement and return its unique value as a result, so that it can be removed from the map, or use and its callback.
Any help or insight in this regard will be highly appreciated.
That would at least set this->minutes to a certain value.
Vanilla bean cheesecake is a wonderful way to end your tgif dining!
By Embedded Jetty I mean something like the following (but obviously coupled with a JSF page)
had the pork entree and the pork and sweet potato soup.
Last time we stopped in, we had the chicken pesto pizza which had PINE NUTS on it!
You can watch the menu item become active and gray.
Call div in another page as inside a dialog box I have developed a website using a template.
Olive of Twist is very dark, but it makes for a nice date spot.
I wish the Taco Bell was still close by.
Paths 1 &amp; 3 use the backslash method, path 2 uses both and so the backslash is presumably treated as a literal character (that is what would happen in Terminal) and therefore the path is incorrect...
\n\nSince I wasn't able to find \""Dog Fee\"" information on the website, I offer the info here:\n\n\""Pets allowed with nonrefundable fee of 75 USD per stay.
Pass that particular id in your remote url like say your particular id be 23 and in your checkEmail.php you can write query like same way you can do for username also
She answered any questions we had and made us feel very welcome there.
One of my favorite local eateries.
Scheduled mapreduce job on Google Cloud Platform I'm developing a node.js application that basically stores user event logs in a database and shows insights about user action s.
My problem was not related to the value of DEFAULT_PORT.
Last place I would want to be is stuck in a maze with a cranky 2 year old.
Hmmm?\n\nThe service is excellent, the atmosphere is warm, the food is filling, the prices are reasonable, and you'll feel like part of the family.\n\nDas Waldhorn ist ausgezeichnet!
I'm designing some code for a standard login in a web application, I consider that doing the password encryption on client side is better than making mongo server doing it.
Use of is mandatory (indexer is used in original code).
One of the best pastries I've had in my life I got here.
I hoof it over about a mile and show up at this basic and simple cafe.
In addition to @MartinPieters answer the other way of doing this is to define the method of the class, or extend the class.
On interview I was asked the following question: I have following method: question was: On interview I didn't grasp how to make it.
They satisfy any Japanese food craving that I might have.
\n\nFor our main courses, I had the rouladen and my wife had the sauerbraten.
This way, they are strictly redundant as KingCrush suggests above, and can be destroyed to be recreated later if you find a problem.
They remind me of little speakeasy's in mob movies :)\n\nCutters is awesome.
Of course I paying attention and taking notes :) When they mentioned Primanti's and Pittsburgh I was like Yes!
Furthermore, when previewing a report, the Sums and Averages do not show up until the user clicks on the field(s).
Is Windows the likely source of the latency, or the PLC system?
I believe they are more crowded for lunch cause we went here for dinner and it was completely dead.\n\nWent to Fujo on Friday night for dinner cause we had a Groupon.
I require to this completely in PHP.
Tried this solution but with no success (but this was for seattle version) Some suggestions?
The regional settings etc are same on the dev server and live server.
Is there a way I can do this automatically?
I mean, it was the way quiche should be with a crisp light fluffy biscuity crust and a heavy egg base with good flavor - i wanted another piece when I was done.
Clicking the arrow will reveal a view with all the issues with that scene.
and it underlined also e.KeyCode and e.KeyNumPad0 ....
Well for this being my first stay here with my family and pet.
I have finally found my own answer again.
The stack trace of the issue.
Adding a great texture to the dish.
You can do it with Generalized Algebraic Data Types.
I take clients there when visiting town on business, and have never been disappointed.
The food really is delicious, but quite expensive for breakfast!
How do I declare a string as a user input, then check to see if it's "yes" or "no"?
It's just different, but classic in its own way...
No overbearing waiters, no frills, etc.\n\nGiven the fact that I live about a mile away, I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future.
How to launch an Android App when it is not running I am interested in figuring out how to launch an Android App when it is not running.
Debugging After removing everything from the file, I'm still getting the same error.
View disappears when I set `translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints` to `NO` I don't know if this is a bug or I'm doing something wrong: and appears nowhere when I launch the app.
There's no better place to celebrate a special occasion, take a client for a business lunch, or just enjoy a fantastic steak.
Cain't see the dang menus or nuthin!
I have edited the well to have straight corners and have changed the border colour.
Do not 'total' the values returned by .
wrap your two commands in function so you will have just one call ?
There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well.
Wacky.\n\nI bought a pair of mint condition (could have been brand new) jeans there once, too.
Absolute best price for quality sushi, and well worth the quick drive from Rock Hill.
It works for me: I recieved on cowboy web server with function :
Attached is the fiddle of my code.
Service was quick and brisk, waited about 25 minutes on a Sunday morning, which was not bad but it was raining this day.
At least, for the most recent version of Symfony (2.1), the correct symtax (documented on the API) is: It is important because you can still pass options to the FormBuilder.
tt_news - where is the register "newsMoreLink" be defined?
I've heard that this could be a namespace issue, but I see anything wrong.
jQuery datatable without bootstrap I am using jQuery datatable and it is working perfectly fine with basic UI (look and feel).I want to use bootstrap for other UI elements under same page but adding bootstrap css and js links ,datatable grid UI converts into bootstrap theme.I want to keep datatable UI as it ( no bootstrap/default ) and would like to use bootstrap for other UI in same page.What is the way to remove bootstrap theme from datatable only.
(Pseudo Code) The problem is that it gets slower as time goes by.
Movement can amplify the effect of rounding errors.
Make sure you check the web site prices vs.
Actually, the real hiding (to the several compilation units of a single shared library) is done mostly by the linker (because the ELF shared libraries permit that).
It should be under app/design/frontend/themackage/default/layout This xml file shall let you know about all the different css being used in your theme.
I only have one 404 left and have no idea how to fix it.
I have some CLR sql functions and procedures.
Parking garage was a bit confusing.
The warnings of the menu and lady at the counter on the spiciness of the dirty rice and shrimp creole were accurate.
1.5 seconds on "numpy.core.multiarray.array", 1.5 seconds on "genexpr" (the 'set' line).
If you want your AJAX request to retrieve and execute code, use .
There's also a wide variety of difficulty levels in the gym ranging from ones everyone can do to those much more challenging.
The number of simultaneously attached databases is limited to SQLITE_MAX_ATTACHED which is set to 10 by default.
\n\nTo start, we've had the raw bar appetizer which is always fresh and delicious.
I wouldn't change her for the world!\n\nA great office, a great location (to me), I would recommend this dentist to everyone!\n\nLooking forward to going back there in October!
Example using selectors: NSThread:detachNewThreadSelector:toTarget:withObject Example using delegates: NSXMLParser:setDelegate + NSXMLParser:parse
It was very cold that day, around 19 degrees.
Went here for dinner last weekend Saturday.
I lived in Israel, so I have eaten my fair share of middle eastern cuisine.
I finally decided to switch to AVPlayer setCurrentPlayback is Duration is Same pause and Play functions.
Send an oobject from activity to fragment I have an object in my main activity that stores a bunch of data from an XML document and I want to be able to access that information on several different fragments to display the information.
You just need to call submit on the form that the textarea is contained within EDIT: After reading your update, you just want to validate that the textarea is not blank before submitting the form.
The best vegetarian/vegan restaurant in Pittsburgh is also my neighborhood watering hole--I'm so fortunate.
Their beer list is actually unbelievable.
To solve the issue I had to add the virtual directory name ("TestingChat") to the path of the script tags for jquery and signalr.
This only happens when you try to read and there is nothing.
Tutorial I followed for creating service is Click here for tutorial link
It was supposed to be served with risotto, but instead came with a dried cake of old creamy looking rice.
From the time my parents moved to Charlotte in the early 80's, until they moved in 2001, they brought their cars here.
Furthermore, said meat and cheese products are *delicious*.
There is nothing to do with margin, padding, height, etc.
\n\nI must admit I was a little disappointed with the quantity of sandwiches given.
Village Pizza really is Italian food at it's best!
I would like to use this the Placemaker service for a Mac app written in objective-c.
This means a lot coming from me a non-meat eater.
Select count breaks in do-while loop Where I work we need to register computers into a database, before we just used pen an paper, but I was asked to create an easier method.
They have a decent sandwich selection.
Take it strictly as a learning exercise:
I have tried using Aircrack on several Linux distribution and issues like this one happened quite often (usually because of dependency problems).
Located to the right upon entering HT, Chi Thai is a small takeout counter with tons of options.
Prices are cheaper (cash prices are even better than credit) and the selection is great!
I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon, fries, cole slaw and a fried egg) while my friend had the colossal fish sandwich.
This is what i have now: My guess is that it will be something stupid i forgot, but i realy hope someone can help me get my widget to do something more than just sit there :P (toaster messages only would help a lot already!) Thanks in advance ;)
If you have vehicle issues do not hesitate to give them a call.
I've researched a bit to see if anyone has a similar issue.
I will able to present the formset pre populated with the correct data, however I'm doing something wrong since it does not update but creates a new instance..
If I am giving to Desktop Only Mode.
You can easily fix it by changing the third line to:
This boutique hotel is hard to beat.
The statue of an alligator in front of the restaurant was sculpted from a tree.
My husband got me a gift certificate for a one-hour massage with Glenn.
\n\nMy only complaints (and these are pretty minor) was that the TVs weren't very new.
We use a custom form framework (called ShockOut SPForms) that allows us to display content based on group membership.
Since you tagged the question MASM, we can guess that you're using the Windows platform, and clearly the "64" means that this is 64-bit code, so that does narrow down the possibilities tremendously.
This should work always because Directory.GetCurrentDirectory() may return other directory than the executable one
Luckily we drove by the shining light of the Monty's sign and pulled in to the parking lot.
One thing I immediately noticed is that the inside of the restaurant is so, so much nicer than the outside.
There is a blog post about using activity indicators here: The most important pieces of code are:
So far, have only needed their services for bi-annual preventive maintenance/routine checkup but they have been very pleasant to work with.
Haha, well at that point, we had to at least step foot inside and see what was going on.
It's worth noting that while 'webpack' compiles the build, running the webpack-dev-server doesn't.
He explores all options with you and is very patient and understanding.
It's the first person I see and the last person to say goodbye.
42 more this error show when my client try to call this methode : which call the DAO class this is my interface :
I understand that you are needing the instructions to remove Symform from your Mac.
It will leave the service configuration and log files in place.
Is it possible to write a manual Web Deploy script that will target 2 separate servers each time it is run?
Error 10501 can occur if using DoDirectPayment API but you do not have PayPal Payments Pro on your account.
ASP.NET MVC 3, Ajax.BeginForm, OnBegin and form validation I am using Ajax.BeginForm and wish to pass in parameters to the function called with OnBegin.
How do I obtain values of a curve f(x1,x2) = 0 in R to visualize it?
Also, there is a Whole Foods opening up right next door later in the summer!\nThe hotel was beautiful, well equipped, quiet, and a great value!
The flavor was very good, and I'd definitely order it when I return.\n\nService was friendly, if a bit slow.
This is the kind of food that my grandmother cooked up in Erie, and my uncle sells at the butcher shop in Girard.
Oh yes, they are so good.
I'd like to set it with something like: If you have good examples or any idea what is the exact method, please share it with me, thank you in advance!
To hav transparency, you need an alpha channel, on your texture, but more important, in your framebuffer.
I was a little leary at first, as I kept associating it with Silky's the strup bar in McKees Rocks.
Maybe they cheapened it for Restaurant week?\n\nThe Sake Marinated Sea Bass was on my radar from looking online at the menu and in a last minute decision I opted for the flounder.
There is no use of although I am considering it.
Both times I contented myself to watch the large numbers of people that enter through this pizza parlours doors while we waited on our order:\n\nFirst Trip only:\nGarlic bread\nHot wings\n\nBoth Trips:\nMeatballs (x2) and red sauce\nPepperoni Pizza with Extra Cheese (12\"" - 8 cut)\n\nThe meatballs, wings, and bread came out rather quickly.
The people who work here are really sweet and informative.
The different qualifiers are not enough to disambiguate the functions.
So, add a to every in : Now, when resumes after ing (assuming it did actually have to ), it will resume on a thread pool thread instead of the UI context.
The menu has typical diner favorites.
Smeared on is Tobiko (flying fish eggs) with its bright orange color.
The asparagus and mashed potatos are also solid side choices.\n\nDessert (my favorite course): get the cheesecake; you will not regret it.
I highly recommend this shop for repairs, maintenance, and check ups.
You're sending something called "books.xls", and correctly signalling that it's an Excel spreadsheet...
Obviously, the documentation doesn't consider that a case where "another activity comes in front of the activity".
The linens were great, very soft, and the comforter was perfect - light but warm.
(I don't know of any compiler that takes advantage of the permission to raise a signal.) As supercat points out in a comment, multiplication of two values can overflow.
Hosted video - fullwidth preview on starred post?
how can I with those pancakes!
this will set the value of input field 'myfield' with the text inside the element 'mytext' Try to do the same in your code
For purpose of EF linq query, is First(c=>cond) equiv to Where(c=>cond).First()?
I don't know if you can tell lxml to pass that option though..
or What are the advantages and disadvantages of running php on Apache?
It's a small school, which is just what you need.
Unfortunately I hogged pretty much all of the corn dog since it was AMAZING!!!
Go and click build from the top options, then select clean project.
Biggest mistake of my first 2 years.
The table below highlights the acceptable use cases for requesting or being on the Battery Optimizations exceptions whitelist.
Add right before line 52 and see what you get.
But since no plan_id is submitted, the credit card never gets charged.
Anything else violates strict aliasing and hello nasal demons.
is always a good choice, but if you really want to travel to yum-yum land, get the Panna.
I ordered the center-cut ribeye for entree.
The Snowball compiler translates a Snowball script (a file) into either a thread-safe ANSI C program or a Java program.
So my question is, what may be the cause of the control being disabled (units are retrieved, so why does an expression as a parameter value for job positions messes it up?) and how to deal with this the right way, can`t seem to find something really of the same nature online.
This works well and accomplishes what I need.
Edit I have been doing more testing, and apparently command line works, tests library correctly
Once user select or search a question, its frequency count should be increased.
This is the javascript I'm using, but I get an error that says "cantidades[i].val() is not a function" What am I missing?
He provided us with drink menus and gave us an ample amount of time to decide.
I was looking for a new salon or barber after getting some rushed through poorly done cuts at cheaper places around town.
The above is only a sample scenario.
No params, just the 'Authorization' header.
With union there is only 1 roundtrip between the client and the database If a query in the union does not return any rows, then it will not be in the resultset (see requirements in OP).
What you're seeing is the high latency of cellular data plans.
The (or any for that matter) has a property which you can set to .
I really recommend getting the bread left in.
Instead of .subproject_thingie1 and .subproject_thingie2 everywhere I usually go for adding a root class or id to differentiate between projects/pages.
"3 = read") are OS-specific (well, kernel-specific), and sometimes version-specific.
The room had two queen beds, a low dresser with flat screen tv, and a mini fridge & microwave.
Probably this solution could be improved and somebody won't need the stacking.
I have tried this but cannot get this to fire properly on the initial start-up.
This uses and to see to that all values are the same; one needs to add a to each bit to make it available to normal numeric aggregate functions (like / / /...) An SQLfiddle for testing .
Version 2 has a cycle plugin similar to the Smarty one mentioned earlier.
My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).
Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food.
\n\nMy second trip was with my 4 year old niece to let her enjoy all the kid-friendly permanent exhibits, and she had a great time.
Hopefully it works for the right reasons...
$cacheFactory - Data exist only for current session.
If you're looking for a super fancy place, keep looking...this is your typical neighborhood tavern and it made me feel like I was back home in the Milwaukee area.
If() Condition Not getting True I am New in IOS i am facing a problem.
I suggest you try this: Add this permutation of your compound index.
Or perhaps I can even have it add my content to Drupal instance with an empty database.
I'm part Irish myself so when I'm here it makes me want to go the motherland lol.
I am used to it being made with a brown sauce.
They're quite low-level and get rid of busy waiting and dealing with threads yourself.
and just binding the same data to every ajax request...
Theirs is made the traditional way - rice noodles saut\u00e9ed with beansprouts, onion, egg, ground peanuts and Thai spices.
\n\nI'm not sure if this the location we used to go to, but I had to review one in Charlotte.
Not necessary, but very nice, and appreciated.\n\nThey have valet parking, but we just park about a block away and walk, since we sometimes enjoy walking further down the strip district, anyway.
I love this place and go all the time.
He walked in, ran into a table, couldn't see anything and ran back out because he had no idea what he had just walked into.
Stopped in for the Beef Rendang.\nThe place was busy when I arrived which is a good sign.\nIt was very good except the broccoli on top.
even the salads have been delicious.
Actually you can use , but it depends on your dll version.
Palermo actually ended up delivering me and her deadpan wit was the perfect thing to get me through the process.
This approach also enables intentional differences, e.g.
Another caveat was running Android SDK Manager in Windows 7 without administrator privileges.
Our software can send out a new *.ics file, and Gmail/Outlook correctly recognize that this is an update to the original appointment and gives the option to accept/decline again.
(can help in sky/clouds generation) Like in 2d picture I've turn rectangel intu some blury structure
Best Italian hoagie anywhere in the known universe.
Hopefully we won't get food poisoning, but it isn't looking very promising I wanted to write a review on the Madison one since it is sooo much better.
This is little more than a matter of opinion.
is there a way to transfer Latin letters to english letters with php?
Went on a Saturday, 2 hour wait.
The deli counter is as well fantastic, get some meats and cheeses and have a banging sandwich.
I've tried this in Windows Command Prompt, in Powershell, and in Git Bash, with the same result each time.
Consider using interfaces if any of these statements apply to your situation: You expect that unrelated classes would implement your interface.
(In that case I need to write the odering function by hand!
Schedule your training appointments or your purge because these are high-calorie affairs but worth it.
We had a great little server and we couldn't have been happier!!!
Any thoughts on what to try next?
If all else fails, the last resort is null-editing all the pages .
I found the meal quite enjoyable.
The staff was attentive and helpful, the people were friendly and personable, and I was very pleased.
The problem is when I try to put the box with the background color white above it.
They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm)\n-Cash only\n-Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack\n-About those homefries: They're often undercooked.
Got an amaxing roast beef sandwich from the sandwich bar - made to order.
Is it still wonderful to see one pop up on a menu?
Great pizza on mondays deal!\n\n4.99 for a large pizza with cheese off of EatCu.com\n\nI got a large with half steak and half italian beef.\n\nLet me say, it was the most delicious hearty pizza I have ever had for 6 bucks.
Nothing spectacular and really warm, but hey the coffee's good.\n\nBonus!
Fixing A and B in that order gives you 1.43 * 1.43 = 2.04.
You could simply use grep instead of .
I asked Monica, who was working at the front desk, if she could help me figure out where to buy one.
Stopped in for the first time today, couldn't be more happy with the experience.
But that would only create a single object.
How can I redirect user properly ?
There's no need for inheritance here.
Hopefully viewing this code will clarify the questions you have with your own code.
Holly, the place reminds me of burger joints I visited near my grandparents' camp in New York's southern tier as a kid.\n\nGrab a deck of cards, a few friends, and head out to Brightstar for an evening.
I recommend the bruschetta (almost always get an order of this - it's sooooo oniony, and sprinkled with cheese and a hefty serving of diced tomatoes - so good!), and any of the pizzas.
Sports Page is a West side classic.
\n\nWe also had the Zuppa Toscana which is spicy sausage, russet potatoes and cavolo greens in a creamy breath and salad.
My class: Using it in an : ControlStyles I generally set if I'm using it (you may have different needs): Edit: Ok since the data is static you should paint to an Image (before your OnPaint) and then in the OnPaint use the overload to draw the correct region of your source image to the screen.
It gives me the following error.
Readthedocs has the working example: Thanks for your help Sam!
That should only really matter in performance critical loops where you probably want to avoid doing tracing anyway.
Having a try at computing the sieve of Eratosthenes I'm an absolute novice to python but I am trying to compute something that should act like the sieve of Eratosthenes.
Fresh and generously sliced sashimi, lightly breaded tempura done right [not a heavy batter used to disguise miniscule portions of vegetables and cocktail shrimp], flavorful ramen and noodles, and housemade sauces for nearly all their dishes, including the light miso-based salad dressing!
This is one of Regal's Theatres licensed to play Indie films.
Basically you are posting the data as JSON whereas it simply should be just an ajaxified form post.
With the many hours spent in the adjacent library and the museum itself there is really no way I could not make time when I visit.
Solid huge lunch requiring a doggy bag each time for under $10.
Now, when you give the green div a background instead of mMid, the background should be lowered 170px relative to the content div.
but I also failed with that.
Luckily, I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level.
The area of this triangle is a quarter of the area of the (0, 0), (n, 0), (0, n) triangle, since it's the 'middle' triangle (whose vertices are the midpoints) of the bigger one.
Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.\n\nBut they are helpful and efficient.
The initial consultation was thorough, we received the proposal promptly afterward, it was easy to make revisions, and they were very responsive throughout.
Now the effect was to turn a single page but i want to turn the two pages .one page has to display in left side and another page has to display in right side.
I love the chicken capperi - the wine sauce is incredibly delicious.
Lists, on the other hand, are more like arrays in other languages.
I need it to come back as "Option 2".
I'm making myself want to go there right now just thinking about it.
I have to say, this was probably the BEST one-hour massage I've ever had.
Gotta love those speedy climate changes.\n\nThe amazing staff were right on top of everything - never an empty glass of water or question un-answered.
It keeps getting initialized where it should have been reused from the last call.
For example, if I have: where is a function that returns the Array I want to loop on, would function be called always or only once?
Although it is quite entertaining to watch some of them!!!
To delete a row/cell from table view, you need to call the method on your instance.
It was a rare for me that during my college years of blossoming into manhood that I didn't start my night by a trip to Walgreen's.
android n developer says Doze is particularly likely to affect activities that AlarmManager alarms and timers manage , because alarms in Android 5.1 (API level 22) or lower do not fire when the system is in Doze .
Is there a more efficient way to create this data?
When I attempt to load a controller that needs the DI from Unity, it's as if unity is not resolving any of the registered items, or that I have done it poorly.
Although, I will admit that I haven't eaten at every place around town, there aren't too many great Chinese restaurants around here (this does not include buffets).
However, when the final submit button is pressed the final email is not sent.
\n\nI also ordered one of their specialty milk shakes with coffee in it.
The girl at the front was really friendly and she called up to the receiving department who brought down my shoes.
Step value may be any real number.
I spent 4 wonderful years there and even if I am currently in a career that had absolutely nothing to do with my major (i'm a techie and BA was in Sociology), I would not trade my degree and my experience there for the world.
Chrome Extension : How to intercept requested urls?
Morgan was my server and she was super fantastic.
maybe you think about such declaration (I think this is it): or: or or such: ?
I found a pipe I just had to have, a couple bulk blends that caught my attention, and some tins that appeared to have some age on them (a good thing).
I went through security in 2 minutes and made it on my plane after grabbing a bagel by 7:30 when I arrived at the airport at 7:15.
Quoting the documentation for : Defines whether a child is limited to draw inside of its bounds or not.
xml file The error message shows A column named 'Value' already belongs to this DataTable.
Given the fact that is a bad idea, how do I go about stopping all threads except the one that is processing the relevant input?
No theming or design to take notice of.
I am following Onion Architecture and SOLID principle with CQRS.
Medium rare was really medium rare, and it was awesome!
My beef here is the lighting is just TOO dark.
The restaurant itself is small and no-frills (Indian shabby chic, you might call it), but they have a big table in the middle suitable for large parties.
Why only first thread is running?
Ejabberd webadmin access timeout I just installed ejabberd on a remote server.
tl;dr summary: remove 'width' and 'height' attributes on the svg root, and add a 'viewBox' attribute with the value "0 0 w h", where w and h are the absolute values usually found in the width and height attributes (note that percentages and other units aren't allowed in the viewBox attribute)
This girl cooks a lot of Italian food so I am sure I can incorporate it in a meal somewhere.
\n\nThe place is usually packed to the brim, so you need to get in early before it gets full, which it will.
The food and pastry options are minimal but the coffee is good and I usually only go there for a place to hang out and study.
Embed pdb into assembly I want my application to be distributable as a single .exe file but I want to be able to get nice error reports with source code line numbers (the application simply sends email with and some additional information when unhandled exception occurs).
But the souvlaki eaten in, while considering the scrapbook-worthy collection of paintings and memorabilia on the dining room walls, was sublime - a little char and a lot of flavor in every bite.
Could have been better, could have been worse.
This should work in all browsers:
You can use these rules of thumb to decide what storage model will work for your app.
Anyone else had this problem or have any idea why it is happening?
In this case, you should tell that the proper result always contains two hexadecimal digits by giving it a width, and by specifying that a zero should be placed in the most-significant nibble if the input is less than :
Any ideas what is going wrong?
Getting my Unit of Work to...
You could add to your elements, ( the same as the height of the menu bar ) Demo
I just really prefer shopping at Williams-Sonoma's competitors of Crate & Barrel and Sur La Table that have a better balance of low, moderate, and high priced items.
There's even a catchy phrase along the lines of 'you toss, it we sort it'; how cool.
Please look at the storage classes that must have each value stored in a SQLite database: 1.
Check whether your STL map is empty() before doing a find().
Isn't that a bloody good time?
This place has the best around.
Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ...
I never get a pretentious d-bag attitude when I come here.
running a background process in pythonanythere I just want to know that if the following is possible: I want to run a local socket program in background in the pythonanywhere and want to access the socket from django app registered in same pythonanywhere domain.
It sounds like a \""guilty pleasure,\"" but the pancakes are truly airy that it doesn't feel heavy on the stomach after clearing the plate.
Set the Read-only property of a File I am trying to set the read-only property of a File, but it doesn't seem to work.
An e-mail conversation with a fellow Yelper yesterday reminded me of how much I love stinky food.
My husband liked his gyro, but next time will ask for a little more sauce.
Sunset at the tiki bar is as good as it gets besides the Union!
My ramen was just the right size.
Add a line terminator to the message, or use .
That is why it is a bad idea.
The two best things on the menu are the BBQ chicken (note that this is fried chicken dipped in BBQ sauce) and the onion rings.
The third is the aforementioned combiner.
It gives you the feeling of just a fun place to be on the weekend or even the weekdays.
on Day 10 I will receive the data from days 1 to 9, on day 11 I will receive the data for days 1 to 10 etc.).
My two friends were already there and then...
For some reason I can't create an array with custom indexes in or .
Recovering css class name How can I recover a Css class that was add via JQuery in my component ?
I will visit Little Tokyo for the level 4 food...and level 5 smile they paint on my face!
Love finding these hole in the wall spots in my backyard, I call Pittsburgh.
\n\nThe main area is totally for the music.
Showed up here before closing for a some quick grub before knocking out at home.
For some reason that I can't quite understand, only the first line behaves that way: (+ Program.GetIntPtr returned 0 System.IntPtr).
I was pleasantly surprised by this place after going here for lunch.
Facebook does no checking on user input so these fields can essentially contain any string.
All factors are definitely important to take into consideration when planning a charity golf event!
Our dining experience started with the green goddess cheddar cheese fondue.
However all the carriage return/ newline formatting is gone.
They have done a lot of remodeling.
Had we had a horrible waitress the place would have gotten maybe 2 stars.\n\nALLYSON IS AMAZING =] truly a pleasure!
Please help me, how can I fix that ?
Power of 2 sized hash tables have many advantages, the only defect being that they are unforgiving on the quality of the hash algorithm.
We almost always found a spot around the back and used our room key to come in through the dining room area versus the lobby.
An amazing sub for a unbelievable price...
The service is excellent, as is to be expected.
Con- no longer affiliated w/ the Bally's next door (it went out of business), but they will give you a day pass to the Gold's a few blocks away.
The staff was helpful and polite.
This is one of our go-to spots for a night out with the kids.
Now when I try to get the project in my localhost using one of its work and another do not work.
So, the end result is, on $broadcast, the handlers will be executed in this order: handler, handler, handler.
About a year ago we went and the lobster bisque was really salty, but I wouldn't hesitate to order soup from them again.
Or you could take λ=1/(n+1), λ=2/(n+1), ...
We've gone for my husband's birthday the past 2 years, and it has never failed to disappoint.
All the Italian nostalgia in there is fun to look at while you wait.\n\nWe got a veggie muffaletta, grilled panini, and a Chicago style Vienna all beef hot dog.\n\nVeggie Muffaletta ($5.25)~ Wow!
Thanks to anyone who can help!
Edit GPX file that you have created.
You need a helper program, such as tee .
The fries came out piping hot, and the server was really friendly.
C#:SerialPort: read and write buffer size I am writing a program to send and receive data via a serial port with C#.
Retrieving last monday but no data in result set I am trying to retrieve last monday when given date is monday below is the code.
This will pause execution on the line that throws the exception and allow you to inspect the current scope, stack, etc.
See this answer for a better explanation: <a href="
I fill the $scope.products with a service: When I put this INSIDE the initDb function then the first elements gets updated!
If you're using smarty 3, just remove the {literal} tag and it should work fine.
Everything was reasonably-priced, and the sandwiches were gigantic and delicious.\n\nI've never had a wait here, nor have I ever had bad service.
I did once sit in 4th row orchestra and well, that's pretty damn awesome!
Though Jessie Brown's isn't in the most accessible or likely location, it is easily one of my favorite places to buy gear and apparel.
I had an amazing hamburger instead, meat from Jenifer St Market.
I will say, it was a little strange to not receive a menu until after we were served water and bread sticks.
There were already people seated so we were by no means very early, and heck there were people with full course meals and tables of 10.
I have a procedure that first executes function , checks the result, and then launches procedure (which basically takes the data obtained by from different worksheets and does a bunch of stuff with it).
I tried to limit the number of threads : it did not fix anything.
\n\nThey were even kind enough to offer me a generous handful of Kaffir lime leaves when I wanted to try my own hand at some Thai cookin!
I think courses should be walked.
I figured hey, it being a nice day why not get a dog with all the goodies on it and dine al fresco?
Does it matter at all which one I choose as long as it is the same for both ways?
Updating Yii Dropdownlist After Insert New Element [SOLVED] I'm totally new in Yii, so, excuse me if the answer for this question is a little bit trivial.
There is really no space like it in Pittsburgh.
I goto a bar to have fun.
Beautiful old building, five minute walk to PNC park.
It's a cliche to say dishes have layers of flavor, but there's no more accurate way to describe this thoughtful, absolutely delicious cooking.\n\nThe restaurant isn't fancy, but it's like eating in someone's living room, and those are some of the best restaurant meals I've had.
You couldn't hear his Bojangles spots without wanting their coffee and their buttermilk biscuits, their dirty rice and their cajun-spiced fried chicken.
\n\nDepending on the time of day, it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road.
There are a few frozen meals, etc.
What are the available options and what are the available strategies to do that.
Ideally, you will install the USB drivers from google, and it will work fine: There are some cases that new installation may mess up the device connection.
I recently moved to Charlotte and was on the hunt for a good used book store.
So tell me why you would use a caterer that you think is too expensive?
You can use the crop method from PIL (or PILLOW)
I have never experienced so many delays as at CLT.\nSit down stay awhile options are limited.
My wife and I were walking through a park of John Nolan dr.
TSA gets you through security pretty quick.
The food at the food court could be better though.
When you go in, you fill out a sheet describing any problems you might be having, the amount of pressure you desire, etc.
Here 's an example: You can change any configuration of the replication controller (replicas, environment variables, etc).
PIN Block translation on thales HSM not working I have encrypted a PIN block under a TPK (clear) When I am going to translation my PIN block from encryption under TPK to encryption under ZPK given from client on real HSM then it is giving me either error code 24 or 20.
So my question to you is for an app that needs to create RTF type documents, retain the exact or very close to the exact format of what you see in the editor, and allow you to replace your selected text with a variable by selecting it out of a list.
If you are in Madison on the East Side this a great place to go.
Shrimp Alexander is divine, Crab cakes are heavenly and the molten hot chocolate cake is to die for!!!\nMy husband thoroughly enjoys the steaks each and every time we go.
You can modify your code this way to fix it : Hope it'll be helpful.
The pizza is pretty good, but not the best in Champaign-Urbana.
\n\nIf you're looking for great food, service, and to save a little money, this is the place to choose when perusing the restaurant week menu.
Very cool place to have a nice dinner.
How would I go on about doing this?
If you need more granularity but are okay with a small possibility of occasionally under-counting, then you could use a memcache-enhanced counter.
Autos window doesn't show return value when expected Given the following lines of code: I expected both method calls in Program.Main to show return values in the Autos window.
The way I'd do this in a bash script is to source a host-local bash script that is ignored by Mercurial, but I'm not sure how to do this in the config file format Mercurial uses.
I had it with the crawfish and shrimp.
But now the app crashes upon attempting to send a message.
It is hourly data that I want to turn into 5 minute data by resampling and filling in the missing data with a linear interpolation between the hours.
Aside from call SaveChanges() less often?
Sprockets::FileNotFound couldn't find file 'bootstrap' with type 'text/css' So this is the error I am getting in my browser when I try to run the rails server: I have this in my gemfile: And this is my application.css.scss file: Does anyone know how to get this up and running??
It may be because it was created for Tomcat 7.
Can I color table columns using CSS without coloring individual cells?
R was simply choking with more than 200k rows in memory on my PC.
Techniques for building HTML in code An html template is compiled into the application as a resource.
I love everything about this place..
How would I set this up in the backend?
The atmosphere is local, and the service is friendly and attentive.
We are allocating a unique UID and incrementing the SEQUENCE field to the event, but I don't know whether the spec allows a "PUBLISH"-ed event to elegantly handle updates (date, time, location, description etc.) UPDATE 2 Okay, well I've just been experimenting with the sample *.ics files from the spec .
\n\nAfter I ordered, the box was assembled as I stood there, everything either sitting hot on the stove or warm in the steam table.
I digress\n\nAmenities- Very clean, very cozy, very charming.
It seemed as though a door or window was open somewhere behind us and was letting in a gust of wintery air.
The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler.
It's like the others in the chain so you probably either like their food or you don't.
my question is: how can I know what of these routes is the most nearest route from my location (origin) that can take me to another location (destination)?
Following is text snippet from the text regarding number of bits required for nth Fibonacci number.
From the egg drop soup to the spring rolls to the entrees, everything is great.
You can (ab)use the feature tracking system for documentation, specifications, bug tracking and planning.
They used to have an awesome wall art installation, but it was recently taken down.
We were shopping on a cold day in the Strip District and decided to try this place for lunch because of the sign advertising the hot lobster roll.
How to retain the animated position without affecting the current ModelView matrix?
In my pro file I do somthing like: To copy files into the target area ready for deployment.
I have read up about somethings like build goals, yet nowhere any pom.xml examples explaining how this works or what kind of options you have.
i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise.
I'm not sure which hook will work fine.
They cook to order so your food is fresh and isn't sitting out under a heat lamp.
Last time we went in we were actually wearing shoes that we bought here and the salesman commented on that we were a walking advertisement for them.
The pasta salad and potato salad are both well below average.\n\nService at Smoky Jon's is both quick and friendly.
Had the famous \""Birthday Coupon\"" and decided to make it worth the free entree.
It is similar to a fast food place with a combination of a restaurant.
That test file is encoded at 320 kbps.
quite often which can also be quite annoying.
Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states...
He seemed to enjoy his selection.
100 KB and project also depends on i.e.
\n\nTry the ahi app and the blackened seafood for dinner.
Not a vegetarian, but this place might convince me to switch over.
So much flavor and just the right amount to share where it won't get you full to enjoy your main entree.
The remaining steps are equal to an installation from an internet update site.
The line is from the Laravel Framework to retrieve old form input data if the validation fails.
Android : Using Handler but still meet NetworkOnMainThreadException I do some network thing, and I understand I cannot do it on main thread.
The decor is totally out of date, just like the uniforms the servers wear.
In HTML: In JS, you need to use computed properties like this: Demo:
It's different from your traditional pizza that they only cook the crust with the sauce, all the other toppings are added after it comes out of the oven.
Charlotte should be the new standard for modern American airports.
The dialog closes and I'm returned to my R prompt with a duplicate message saying " ".
\n\nThe Dor-Stop has gained fame from Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, but that's not what I care about!
Great prices and super close to CMC-Main.
Just loop over the selections: A snap of the top of the list: NOTE: Technically, you would call these permutations rather than combinations because values like 33363 and 33336 both appear in the list as they represent different numerical values.
However, there may be on the process that's launching it?
Currently I find out at run-time.
I wouldn't take a date here, that doesn't mean that I don't like it.
You are definitely obtaining the instance of the "ervice" from the bean factory when you call the methods, right?
Entity Embeddable If not, what are the alternatives?
place is ideal for smokers , now that smoking has been prohibited everywhere, you can smoke inside by the bar or in the luxurious leather chairs with a tasty beverage.
For over ten years, Bob at Meineke has been keeping the cars in our family in tip - top shape.
Rest assured, this isn't a regular occurrence; the next time I ordered from here, the order was promptly ready.\n\nThe tandoori is very good.
(ignore the fact that I exemplified with a ListView, it applies to everything, I think) You'll probably have to use a Storyboard that animates both the RenderTransform (TranslateTransform) and the Opacity to achieve your objective.
All the sausages come from a particular manufacturer in Wisconsin that uses 100 year old methods of making them (according to the menu).
I stopped in with a friend who ordered the pastrami hash and I had the veggie benedict.
I stopped by here this past Wednesday evening for dinner with my fiance.
My father could not finish the burger, nor his coleslaw side.
BUY WHAT YOU NEED TO EAT THAT DAY.
For example: User ID: 1; IP: 1.1.1.1; Email: test@test.com User ID: 2; IP: 1.1.1.1; Email: test2@test.com User ID: 1; IP: 1.1.1.2; Email: test3@test.com User ID: 4; IP: 1.1.1.4; Email: test@test.com User ID: 5; IP: 1.1.1.4; Email: test5@test.com All of these would match as the SAME user because they share EITHER the user ID, the IP or the email.
Food can actually be quite good, especially the Kobe burger.
She saw I was overloaded and just grabbed the cup and came with me!
upgrading with custom code is still error prone through version 6.x despite what they say and changes will be overwritten by the module builder.
EDIT: I've simplified the code to avoid confusion.
Charlotte airport seems to get better and better every time I pass thru.
\n(this is a place that sonic is based off of but no rollerskates)\n\nI ordered the shredded pork sandwich and my friend ordered the bbq chicken.
I was in the market for a place to dry clean, as I had not yet used this service in Charlotte.
To avoid potential issues with SQL injection, it would be wise to use prepared queries.
You also need to check for this in the loop that prints all the arguments.
I would still recommend them, but be very clear and ask them to repeat themselves!!
If a reduce fails, for example, then all of the map jobs that feed that partition must also be rerun.
Look out for Big Burrito coupons!
Take someone who knows what they're talking about.
carrierwave backgrounder s3 recreate_versions I'm trying to follow instructions, but I was getting errors.
The problem is that if two teachers are using it at the same time and one saves to SP after the other, the latter teacher will overwrite all the changes that the former teacher made.
For recent versions of MATLAB this should be written is a nested function so can be called from within it's parent function .
The owner is friendly and enjoys chatting.\n\nGood with large parties, there are two rooms in the back of the restaurant that can be joined or separated depending on the size of your party.
Looks like no impacts from the AD perspectives.
The function in the package allows you to identify the rows in one matrix that are also found (identical) in another matrix.
Other characters are supported with the E option described above, in v1.1.20+.
I'd like to be able to save the current buffers, windows layout in each frame, and the frames themselves.
In iOS, if you have a , you can create a which supports, among other things, rotation, translation, and other transforms.
This sets out a number of required properties that a database manufacturer will have to implement, such as .
;) \n\nTo make the most out of going to Connolly's take it for what it is...
I am a foodie so when I travel, I must try foods that are famous in the city that I visit.
Firebug and Tamper Data are getting close, but for thorough analysis, I sometimes like to save a recorded session.
Does connect.session work with node-azure I'm starting to develop an application using node.js on azure.
I found a couple of ways to get at the screen that lets me edit the workflow, but that's not what I'm looking for.
One to query for the first record: And one for the second:
I dont know if this is a good method with parameters, but it works well The method receives a list of "ParamDbList"(Collection of ParamDB) and insert rows every 1000 registers or 1900 parameters(limit of 2000).
Been going here for years - there was a couple of years when I thought it was going downhill, but not anymore!
I was stoked to try this place for lunch today.
This may be a tad lengthy, but bear with me.
Here's a snippet that will check the key code against an enum instead of a string, it will then call the method if Space was pressed, and then clear out the The only issue I found here is that pressing Shift will prefix the string with , so some additional logic will have to be applied for action keys, but this is a base to get you started with a working code sample.
I have also enjoyed their fresh sushi.
Chinese Lanterns and teal lights softly highlighting mahogancy indicate this is not typical campustown fare.
The entrance is bright, open in a colonial style with piano and complimentary coffee, tea and cookies.
It is showing comparision error between JavaDstream and Interger.
Subversion was developed with the goal of being a functional replacement for CVS, a goal which it pretty much succeeds at.
I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??\n\nI generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times.
I think JJ's family owns the restaurant.
I am not a big fan of fast food but when I do get the craves this is where I go.
free form drawing) an existing PDF file in iOS, but the only approach that I have found seems extraordinarily cumbersome.
The trivial and not very clean solution will be inject a reference to the map in each instance and have as the last thing you do in your method.
I also really like the decor.
Eggs so fresh you'd think they had the chickens out back.
use and NOTE: when an HTML page have multiple DOM element with same , it will traverse through the last one and return the last occurrence of element.
I must say this is one of the best Hampton Inn's I have ever stayed in.
Now obviously lengths of numbers in an IP changes.
tl;dr: here's an example-- Is this function pure?
Not here.\n\nThe food is made to order, seasonal, local, some organic...in short, they actually care about the quality of the food which is becoming a rare trait in restaurants today.
However, you'll notice a divider line.
About the only thing I would add would be a wider selection of pastries, but I'm just nitpicking at that point.
Here is an example of how to delete a solr index with curl: For windows, check this out:
Take a look at this other answer.
What I am trying to avoid is the uncertainty and non-reproducability that comes with doing everything interactively via Drupal's UI.
A good portion of their menu is populated by items such as General Tso's Chicken and Moo Shu Chicken, but there are also more authentic dishes such as Szechuan Water Boiled Beef (shui zhu nio) and Yu xiang Eggplant.
I'm still don't clearly understand what you want to achieve...
Eclipse RCP - Multi User Installation using Windows Environment Variables I have an Eclipse RCP application.
Assuming you do, try running the command yourself.
How to include collection data on aggregation I have the following MongoDB document structure: How can I add to the output if I perform an aggregation with grouping on embedded document's property, e.g.
How to build app in prod mode, so en.json is packed inside dist directory?
sample spark CSV and JSON program not running in windows I am running spark program in Windows 10 machine.
I am so sad to see them leave!
Is there another way to check?
You can send the .ipa file to the testers (using Dropbox or BTSync for example).
The seating areas would be better with more outlets.
Python read file into list - edit edit - It seems that I have made an error with the calculation of number of parts tested: It did work when i tested it in a separate script though...
i think it's not a javascript problem but more a server side issue.
So it is better to use string literals instead of objects of type std::string.
Life changing.\n\nI really like this place mostly because the Black Forest and the drink specials.
It might be showing in the "Immediate Window" instead due to a setting: Go to Tools/Options/Debugging/General.
Ha!)\n\nAnyway, I think the company's doing an overall of their restaurants, so don't count Smokey Bones out.
I have found several solutions that are based on selecting different build configurations and the transform happens at build time, but I want the transform to just be from a command line utility that my deploy script can run
Example usage : More info : and Unicode in the Python documentation.
Can a schema reference itself, like does?
It looks like you set it up correctly.
It's nice inside and definitely had a load of amenities and a plethora of food options.
A related project is Kea (Keyphrase Extraction Algorithm) an algorithm for extracting keyphrases from text documents.
Shipping is a but more expensive than USPS, but you get what you pay for.
The first line in your action is This is a very important line of code, try to understand this.
you pass a to the function the function may change the pointer to a different one This is a rather uncommon interface, you need more details to know what pointers are expected, and what you have to do with them.
PHP Not sent automatic email on remote server I wrote codes that should send auto email using PEAR.
What's not to love about Thai Cuisine?
This means the data source can be of any type that implements one of the following interfaces: The IList interface, including one-dimensional arrays.
But I remembered how positive all the reviews on Yelp were.
Hello!\n\nI work pretty close to Whole Foods so I frequent it about 3-4 times a week for lunch.
My husband and I came today with a group of 14 people for their Sunday lunch buffet and I have to say, for the price, excellent service and quality of food, I really recommend this place!
Target is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic!
\n\nThe place also has really good jasmine and chrysanthemum tea, which is refreshing on a chilly day :)\n\nThe only thing I wish they did here was use the carts, but it is a small place and they serve other items then Dim Sum so I understand...
\n\nSoba has consistently delivered a solid menu and fine service over the years.
Not sure what you thought was going on in the part of your script.
(6/16/13) Its time to use my free birthday coupon.
Not bad, totally edible, just oddly unflavored.
build a layer of separation between client data).
Well, when we got into our room, not only was it a suite, but it was a 2 BR suite!
Woocommerce Product Price change(free) based on warranty status I want to set few woocommerce product price free based on warranty status.
Code Now I want to read the records from the NFC tag in another activity.
This is what I have in : Then in : The navigation has two links: a with text, and a with lightbox gallery.
$datas = array(); $empcount = 10; $emp = $dIndex = 0; for($i=0;$i if( $emp >= $empcount) { $dIndex++; $emp = 0; } $datas[$dIndex][] = $finaldata[$i]; }
It could be done with one recursive method, but definitely a lot more work than with bidirectional relation.
I have always wanted to travel by train, and I regret that it took me till I was 34 years old to finally experience it.
HTML Image Link not working properly in android phonegap app I am developing a FM Radio streaming app.
Great sandwiches, and would always get my weekly bag of coffee and milk.
Snapshots will exist here until they are either packed into files in (which won't happen to a snapshot that was never part of a commit) or garbage collected (which will eventually happen to your missing file).
Any suggestions on what would be the technique for secure user data segregation from AngularJS using DocumentDB?
is not really restricted in how big the bundled framework is (unless it is several gigabytes, which is not really realistic).
How can i integrate CitrusPay Direct payment without asking user to login to citrus pay.
My queen bed room included a shower only bathroom (the standard for Sleep Inn), comfortable bed, hi def tv, microfridge and strong wifi signal.
Obviously, if I use the traditional InetAddress.getLocalHost(), it works if the Java program runs directly on the Host.
If you are using TreeMap you can use Comparator to change this logic.
Try this: A table or index scan is expected, because you're not filtering data in any way.
I can't really change the XML because I already have all the XML files and the parser written (I know I did it the wrong way round lol).
Guy Fieri hyped the right place.
The wait staff is so accommodating and friendly, they enjoy their work-and you can tell.
How can i fix this warning, or there is a better solution for this infinite loop...?
Do you know of any JVM benchmarking application which can be used to compare results from different JVMs?
And they are open until around 11:00 during the week.
I found this to be a difficult thing to figure out.
Please check the current state of it here Here I am expecting two matches.
I can login to the pi via SSH but the screen, having displayed the login progress becomes unresponsive, whatever I type in is ignored.
I have changed my setup to: Through logging in , I see that my is being properly constructed.
\n\nBring your truck, tape measure and imagination as Area51 of course has a lot of truly one of a kind BIG pieces in addition to upscale kitsch, whimsy and collectible bling.
In any case, the crab sandwich was good-- nice, large chunks of crab.
The restaurant is actually a tiny basement of a Shadyside-style home.
I was surprised to see reviews complaining about the small portion sizes - sushi is not something that you traditionally expect to find in Cheesecake Factory size portions!\n\nSERVICE:\nService was about average.
I think it was due to the wrong versions of libodbc.so and libodbcinst.so being used.
PayPal is actually better than most in terms of enabling you to do testing.
Passing an object as parameter return an array in JavaScript I have the following simple code : When I click on the button, I want to get the table data : My problem is : table.authorizedVersion is an object.
This tutorial shows exactly how to do what you want: It is also available as a short video:
It is well done and worth the wait.
The problem is caused because the address you use to start tomcat (in normal or debug mode) is already taken by another process.
I had the fried chicken with mac n cheese and greens.
Unfortunately you didn't win, but we love you still the same!
If you need a high level of control over what happens during that method, I would advise overriding the method.
He had an IPA by Sierra Nevada and I had the Boulder Shake Chocolate Porter.
This complex is chock full of all things sportsy...gymnastics, fencing, biking, and yeah, rock climbing!!
Regarding the checkbox-group issue: to prove to yourself you actually got something passed along:
\n\nWhile it may seem odd to schedule a run in a cemetery, I promise that you won't regret it at Elmwood Cemetery.
From talking to their reps, it seems like they work hard, but are fairly rewarded for work well done.
You may pay $10, but end up sitting in a $40 seat.
(for in-app drag, it works using the event.
27 Error N/A N/A 500 0 403 - Request Aborted 11 Error N/A N/A 500 0 403 The same webpage opens in Firefox (sometimes there is an error that we are in maintenance, but next try opens the page).
Its current stable release is 9.2, with 9.3 in development, while the legacy version is also maintained as 8.6.
\n\nI go hard for some sushi, especially the Godzilla roll.
I also used and to conform to the general C-style of your code (in fact, this may really be a C exercise!).
a source of the information loss - in case of it is dimensionality reduction with possible collisions.
Bootstrap will automatically take care of the alignment of your s.
(or Rock hill, SC) \nThis restaurant should be tried by people that haven't liked Chinese food in the past because they do it right.
If you still want to have a crack at it, I would recommend having a look at OSDev , Wine source code and ReactOS source code.
I like to live a very quiet life.
We walked to PF Chang's Chinese Bistro for dinner, then walked over to Dean & DeLuca for a quick dessert.
it seems to work ok for me but on another system which is situated in a different timezone(my time -12 hours), the date comes out as instead of , that is, it is running one day behind the expected date .
The burgers are really good, the best fast-food burgers in my opinion (yes, better than Culvers, gasp), and the fries are excellent as well.
But I also love it for myself too!
it was easy to fall asleep on the comfortable beds, and I woke up to a rather decent continental breakfast.\n\nThe amusement park is right across the street, however you still have to walk a little bit to get to the entrance.
A specified logon session doesnt exist.
Deceptively large and packed with with information.\n\nPrepare to take at least an hour and be ready for a history that pulls no punches.
ArtifactDeployer is a complete alternative to the built-in Jenkins feature "Archiving artefacts' and it is aimed at providing an uniform deployment mechanism.
In case you want that you should save a reference of the last cube the sphere moved towards and do the comparisons in of .
My wife had the sea bass on special and it was fresh and cooked perfectly.
You can then use Text Finder plugin to parse the console log and mark build as when certain conditions are met.
Nice and crunhcy, light and flaky, and also has the moistness of a biscuit.......if that makes any sense.
It's been bad for as long as I can remember, like they're intentionally not serving good coffee.
I decided to save the calories and bring it home for my daughter.....she'll eat anything.
His wife was so very nice I have told a lot of people about this place just because of his character!
You can't do that in any other way.
i love that the staff are genuinely nice people.
The that returns has two "systems" (for lack of a better term) for setting colors.
And yes, by using S3 as an input to MapReduce you lose the data locality optimization.
Their pasta choices are always on par as well.
JavaFX ScrollPane border and background I'm having some problem regarding the default background and border of the ScrollPane.
Needless to say the taste was out of this world.
Food was good, had scallops, ahi tuna salad and chicken wings which were all tasty and at a good price.
Thus I need a forward reference, not a backward reference which work only if my prefix is not a snake-case prefix.
It is absolutely the same in C++, so not only a python / pyqt problem (played around with that for some time now to see if I can find a solution).
I am very happy with the CG Co-op.
Just freaked out with this problem since yesterday.
Maybe this - JOIN instead of subselect:
You can implement it like this: As you can see, we have complexity; in case , , and arrays have the approximately equal sizes the complexity is .
I have flown here before as a connecting airport and have never had any problems...
I have sinned, SO , by passing pointer's address between same process's threads with FIFO: After receiving pointer to total_buf in receiver thread, I noticed that buffer content changed, and that was clearly confirmed by examining memory content: .
wowowow.\n\nWill definitely try and revisit next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
First of all, there really isn't any system.out to print to in android.
was after I asked how much it was going to cost and before he answered.
Steps I took to know myself:- I have searched over Oracle support and google by object name but the only thing i get there is patch no to resolve the issue or in some case that ignore these objects they will do nothing.
Now you will be able to use something like that: based on a class you create:
Would anyone know possibly why I can't see objects that other users make on my app, and Vise Versa?
I can't complain but am not blown away either.
However, my scaling is not working correctly please have a look @ thx!!
I've not yet been to other Mexican restaurants in the area, so I can't say if this is really the best local option.\n\nHowever, based on my experience I would say that it is indeed a solid choice.
But titleForRow is only being called once per row.
The user then can add in the additional information stored in the Access DB (in this case, it is somewhat of a "report card" form that allows the teacher to input student's grades).
When we arrived our table was ready with no wait!
So loopback has defined this entry: Since it's as specific as it gets, to beat that you have to add this in your model: There's also another way to remove the default user acls via code but it's not documented.
I have a database containing opt-in email addresses, and the goal is for the user to click one button and have the app build a custom email update, then send out an email update to all members of the mailing list.
That's an integer, will never change, is never filtered, and will be faster to look up in the database (not just because it's an integer, but also because there's a unique index on it.)
I had a fantastic 3 hour layover here.
Download in .zip file works with website image but not image from Amazon S3 with signed Url I have an object with signed Urls to images on Amazon S3.
So much for that!\n\nTaste of India is flat out great.
If you know jQuery, you can use: Updated Fiddle
They seem to be growing in complexity as well and almost battling against each other in some cases.
I explained my hesitancy to do business there because of the poor reviews and he was very sympathetic and explained the situation.
And the prices were on the really inexpensive side.
And there's other Chinese food that's just as good for less money.
To do this I need do a multiple linear regression each of the individual SNPs.
This leverages two headers: : the format of the text payload of a request or a response.
This should work (though not recommended) Regex Demo Proof of correctness
Here you have example how to use it: But better solution could be using Flyway or Liquibase.
I first fell in love in 2005.
Awesome!\n\nCash and credit accepted, but you must pay in advance.
These are the errands that I truly despise, because past experience has shown that certified checks can be obnoxious and take a while.
My partner ordered the real deal and said it was delicious as well!
Being in Charlotte the last 15 weeks I needed a new place top stay that was not going to show up as a huge expense to my client but better than the HGI.
When I profile the code I see that its actually the transaction commit that is taking most of the time.
Yes I know it was summer but I also did buy the 2 products that are supposed to help prevent that.
Definitely could use an overhaul in my opinion, but then again there were quite a few old ladies there, so maybe they just know their crowd.
Um, why were we the only ones in the restaurant?
There are convenience stores a couple buildings down, and tons of bars and restaurants to check out all around.\n\nThe valets at the front door are extremely polite and will open the doors for you and call you a cab if you need it, and the front desk people are extremely friendly and will help you with whatever you need.\n\nThe rooms are great, and the beds are extremely comfortable.
If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
Those 2 methods are solely for returning a String of character from an int value.
It has branching support, although that is inferior to Distributed VCSs.
Thanks in advance for your help,
That means that the thread can still reach it's natural exit point while being terminated.
All what I need is just to transform a multidimensional array and calculate some of it's sub array values.
we are using the following options when calling .getPicture: The quality parameter doesn't seem to have too much implication on file size, though.
I am running the site on a local IIS Express When I debug the application I am redirected to localhost:11378/login.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2f This occurs even if I remove forms authentication as suggested in advice already given.
My last name should now be \""OliveOrTwist\""!
If not assign common name to them.
The code for the remote post executes fine, but updates never happen on the client's web page...
Another thing I like about it is consistently great service and fair prices for 20 bucks I can get a great dinner and service.
Will be in Pittsburgh soon so you'll know where to find me -- Christos!
And the lesson to learn is that you should beware of entering too large values for the property because they wrap around.
Super nice office staff & they really seem to love the game & encourage the kids to Have fun & enjoy the game.
Great for business meetings, just a cocktail or a complete and utter celebration.\nAnd really not smokey.
Just don't worry about your wallet.
A page-fault, where the desired page is not loaded into RAM at all, may cause a thread to be blocked until the page gets loaded from disk.
And in controller you have to add selected property.
Like Mindy W., I particularly liked the work of Anne Lemanski.
For dinner I had the pumpkin ravioli while my dining partner had the porcini gnocchi.
Every need was met before we could even ask.\n\nI started out with the Orange Dreamsicle martini, and while it was on the sweet side, it was delicious!
Sadly there were nuts mixed in (personal preference), but that didn't stop me.\n\nI didn't opt-in for a shake, but I should have.
The fillings are fresh and flavorful without overpowering the flavor of the egg.
WebRTC DTLS-SRTP OpenSSL Server Handshake Failure Here is my procedure in OpenSSL Server Mode, Initialization Part of SSL and BIO variables: Server Mode Negotiation Operations when DTLS data comes to the server: Here I am attaching Wireshark TCP-Dump for better monitoring about the issue.
I'd prefer not to use a database, but would like a command line based utility.
I love the White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut.
The element cannot be dragged at all.
I'm here on a regular basis picking up staples and having lunch at the soup bar.
Regardless, Pamela's is still a Pittsburgh classic and always a great breakfast destination.
It is at its heart a creperie, and its crepes do not disappoint.
Either you are not putting an array into , or (more likely) you are setting " " without it.
You may want to review that aspect of your code.
In your case it would be: An example:
She is perfect with polish, the smile line and making sure there is no cuticle or skin left!
There are already plenty of discussion in their community .
The program name can include path information, but is not required to do so.
I almost fell out when Michelle told me the amount.
underscore in Map function in scala A quick question about use of underscore in map function, suppose I have a RDD below: result is (3, 7, 11) I got a error when I use to do this.
This meal reminds me that I have to stop ignoring Uptown cuisine.
The last dude threw me in backwards!
One use could be dynamic control generation based on information that is only available from the bound data item at the time it is bound the Repeater.
I'm glad that a YELP event brought me here.
(Unless the log_types you want are a tiny subset of the records, in which case please ignore this suggestion.)
I thought the executable we got from ocamlbuild was standalone and didn't require OCaml or Camomile to be present in the machine we ran it, but that doesn't seem to be the case.
My wife went with the Pad Thai since she's not a sushi lover...
Would get pastrami next time for sure.
Soba FTW.\n\nPittsburgh, I have a crush on you.
Do yourself a favor...it's far from a fashion spot, just real good eats.
On the walls you will find all authentic effects from Ireland, such as street signs and sports memorabilia.
Love the fish sandwiches, they are all they are cracked up to be.
AngularJSFilter not working I am very new to Angular JS.
Plan ahead which exhibits you must attend and go there first.
Here is some kind of code you could use : Referring to the User Guide :
I ate breakfast in the hotel every day - it has the typical assortment of breakfast food and it was ok.
The field I'm trying to edit is a date, I need to format it.
LINQ to JSON in .net 4.0 Client Profile How would I go about about using LINQ to JSON in the .net 4 Client Profile in C#.
The orange juice is more affordable than in most breakfast places but it wasn't mind blowing, I doubt it was fresh squeezed.
We ordered breakfast and sat upstairs on the second level.
Anything Eddy or I could think up over the years, I've worn it.
Apparently the steaks here are really great, and they have a nice deli with loads of sammies.
Monty's is one of my fave brunch-or-lunch places, especially on lazy weekends when I want breakfast food at 2pm but do not want big-chain food.
And you are getting array in from exploding this post variable .
The WIA documentation in Windows Driver Kit is on par with the documentation in Windows SDK.
I do know that adding a TIMEOUT 0 in the batch script fixed it.
We made sure to have reservations, as the place is pretty small.
This will ensure that your deployed application incurs no downtime (new pods are started before old pods are stopped).
There is nothing like this place over here..wahhh!
I normally use a try catch for this.
Are you really fetching so many rows to web server?
It was very flavorful and I liked the charred pieces.
The atmosphere, the neighborhood feel, the baristas, and the patrons (especially the little Italian men sitting outside playing cards drink espressos).
The pricing is reasonable, for both food and drink.
You are also trying to add multiple content types to the header value.
Would there be an ideal framework for developing a fairly complex web application using languages/technologies similar to these?
\n\nSeriously, walking here transports you completely away from the hustle and bustle and rowdiness of Tryon.
I was so happy to see that nothing had changed- I ordered the mixed veggie crepe with soytang sauce, and a nonfat cafe au lait.
So, I put it into Handler.
And of course, visit LuLu again, because she's so so sweet!\n\nNOTE: CASH ONLY!
Can we parse returned HTML and extract data.
NSLog(@" %@",NSStringFromCGRect([(UIButton*)[array lastObject]frame])); what is the error in this statement.
Felt really nice to be welcomed into the store that way.
I really liked their beer selections.
Quick service but it took awhile to get our check.
I'm refining the database, fixing errors and so on.
My calendar is rendered as follows: Any help is greatly appreciated.
Will come back again for sure.
I will return there for my next pair.
To implement low-level unpleasant memory hacks, the original memory needs to be only aliased by , , and , where is the final destination type- in this case , plus whatever else you can get from a , such as if is a derived class and you convert that derived class pointer to a pointer to base.
Killing from recent apps may be the same as force stop on some devices so no or is called on the activity in this case, so the service is probably not being unbound correctly.
This won't work, as Wicket throws the following error: It's not suprising a mock can not call the method on it's super class.
Every example wrt printing in Silverlight creates a Print button within their Silverlight app.
Didn't mind being stuck in this nice airport for an hour or so.
My .htaccess file includes the following code (from HTML5 boilerplate, which I wasn't aware of previously): If it's important, this occurs after my other rewrite rules.
And the \""10 minute food take out\"" spots a full half the time with people who do not have regard for the sign.
How to run a loop with a specific interval in casperjs?
Choose where you want to export it and what you want to do with the other, non-standard libraries you are using.
It used to be worse but they have added some.
It is your average sports bar, with average drink prices.
I was looking for an answer but I could not find it.
We've sampled some of the items off the appetizer menu in our early days coming here and realized they were totally unnecessary based on the amount of food you receive off the sandwich menu.
The service was very pleasant and I found the food and alcoholic beverages to be quite inexpensive.
I find it really easy to save money at Whole Foods.
We weren't feeling good about this.
I've heard a lot of bad things about their workers?
Add this to your : You then use the function ( ) in your views instead if the instance variable ); the makes sure the code is executed only once (thus saving database queries).
This is actually the busiest Charlotte Starbucks by sales (fact) and they do well managing the place considering how busy it usually is.
The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.
The original location is definitely the best especially for the people watching aspect.
So, you can: 1) add progress dialog "Connecting service..." on activity's start 2) hide progress dialog after service connected and call placeCallWithOption() from onServiceConnected() (not early).
Just be advised you will have to then battle the post-bar crowd.\n\nNOTE: If you must have the Italian seasoning, you won't like this pizza.
Bellow you can see a snapshot of a user with the Editor role viewing the "New organization" action on the main menu on Grafana 3.1.0
That turquoise counter has never felt so good to lean my elbows on as last night.
Last night was my first time at D's.
So first &amp; easiest fix to attempt is to add TCP Keepalive to the client configuration file and see if it helps.
However XSLT's generate-id() will be suitable for you.
puts three initial tokens into the bucket.
The messages don't have to be stored.
I have a parking pass in the area and just walk, so I'm not familiar with specific parking for gateway YMCA.
\n\nOn our first visit, my son, my step-daughter-to-be and I all got beef and noodles.
You wonder how they keep their fingers considering how quickly they throw their knives around, but last time I checked, they all had 10 fingers.\n\nThen they start cooking the food en masse, and I'm always impressed with how quickly they serve an entire table of 14 within 20 minutes.
But I cannot see it on the filesystem of the server.
It will happily read your data locally via standard GeoJSON files for vectors and geo-referenced images for rasters.
If you are using clean build, instead of you can use checkout also the same way.
It fixed this issue (crash on launch for ARMv6 but not ARMv7 with optimization turned on) for us.
Suppose that the image represents your document, and you have to remove 1 signature, then you can only remove the third signature by removing all the bytes that were added in revision 3 (Rev3).
Ping is used to check if a server is alive.
problem is i don't know how to set this path and also path to mpich from inside the model.
When a younger man, I didn't care for Le Peep.
I didn't regret it one bit.
Almost butter knife tender, juicy, flavorful and cooked to the perfect temp.
You'd have to compute the size yourself.
The morphological gradient is a good method to keep strong edges, it should be used more.
The prices are good, sometimes a $1 or $2 cheaper than other places.
However their fresh fish is out of the world if you want to make your own sushi or sashimi.
I know that Sammie has a great day whenever she goes to Best Friends.
\n\nAlmost as tasty as that good night kiss.
You have to turn it on when you enter...or there is no ice.\n\nBottom line: A great hotel for the price that is not too far from downtown Charlotte.\n\nSide note: I've been staying here for about 3 or 4 years now.
I really like the pear and Gorgonzola one, although it's not always on the menu.
I chose the chicken, with included onions, peppers, mushrooms, and zucchini, and a great portion size...especially for the price.
How to select Dev Express's WPF GridControl row?
Using awk for conditional find/replace I want to solve a common but very specific problem: due to OCR errors, a lot of subtitle files contain the character "I" (upper case i) instead of "l" (lower case L).
I had a gourmet burger cooked perfectly.
Find command not working The command is working in one directory but not in another directory even if the files are there in both directories.
The only issue I have is that I want to be able to view the traffic per image and what I.P address were used to view the image.
I have tried add them to "calendar" class, and use to set them, but not working...
The main cause is always either or Help me understand the main cause of this error as no matter how many answers I've searched they don't completely help me.
Service was great, and everyone was very friendly.
I would deff go here again for a cheap light meal.
Visit this location several times before.\nFood was fresh, prepared quickly.
I have question: How I can format data in columns?
The thing you were missing is that the background container needs to be the parent to the other two elements, then you can use "overflow-hidden" in the background container, and set the initial absolute position of the bar so that it is outside the visible limits of the background container.
for data transfer you can use the library Emmet We can imagine a protocol like this wear/WearActivity.java mobile/WearService.java
I used to get my lazy ass up at 6am to walk here and get some doughnuts, which is saying something because I like to sleep until 1pm.
This place is hard to find in this crazy plaza, but the food makes it all worthwhile.\n\nThe Herb O'Vores Tacos are one of the most delicious things I have ever had.
I always get the vegetable plate when I go because I can't choose between the many (all amazing) sides.
The property is wonderful and the owners incredibly nice.
That alone makes it worthwhile.\n\nOn the other hand, they wrote my last name in black permanent marker on the bottom of the button seam (no clue what that's called) every single one of my dress shirts.
Turning JSON into date object I have get request here which gets data from database .
The experience was lovely and I ended up buying the dress.
The URL takes a success url, and then calls and returns it as an ajax data object.
What is the best implementation if I need to create a " "?
You may have to resort to an ugly hack like: I thought that maybe you could match a character class consisting of ( or ) and along the lines of: but this doesn't appear to work based on the regex tester here so you may have to go for the ugly hack version or you could combine them into a single regex as in:
Let me tell you, Italy has arrived in this place.
In Angular 1, here is my states Since there is not "Abstract property" in RouteConfig in Angular2, I could not setup my app's route with the same approach in Angular 1.
I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.
There are only about twenty six bars worldwide where I will even consider ordering a Manhattan or a Martini.
Loading .eml files into javax.mail.Messages I'm trying to unit test a method which processes instances.
Implementation issues do arise, but far from the level of experience and knowledge suggested by your question.
I've tried unsucessfully, After doing this I need to append one data set to another one.
Below are the 3 method implementations that are below my viewDidLoad.
As soon as the second animation begins, the first will end, and by using current state option, the second animation will start from where the first left off.
Is this thing achievable, and if so, how to do this?
The obvious "elegant" alternative is to use Apple's integration of iCloud with Core Data.
If so what would be the advantage of using an indexed view versus just using a table?
The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive to your needs.\n\nThey offer a vast selection of breakfast/brunch menu items.
To add a button you need to show the developer tab and then draw the button using one of the options on the developer tab.
The problem comes when I try to include some plugin to generate the parallax effect.
Google places allows sorting by "prominence".
Compiling code in Android Studio, Google map view always shows blank?
Either put it after, or put it in a listener like to make sure it has been processed when your try to access it.
I tried to show the grid view rows in different color by their statusId values.
Of course for this to be the problem, there has to be a socket leak.
The food is great, the place is clean and the games don't feel greasy or nasty from all the food.
However, the cocktails we ordered when we were seated at our table quickly cooled us off.
I can't say enough good about the staff response.
The function isDigit and others like it all work with char types.
However an e grave character is written in the database as 0x C3 83 C2 A8.
What does your DB insertion code look like?
Use redirect_to with status 303 redirect_to documentation says: If you are using XHR requests other than GET or POST and redirecting after the request then some browsers will follow the redirect using the original request method.
Best wings I've had in the 'burgh.
It looks like your typical take out chinese joint so our expectations were not high to begin with but we enjoyed the food and would definitely go back.
And I'm willing to cut them slack since they're always really busy.
Also, I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in.
It's a hack, but the best way I could find (without using ugly s) was to implement a on the to resize the child component whenever it was resized.
The Checker Framework also does more accurate checking.
I'm not impressed with their alcohol selection, they need more mixed drinks!
If you moved your declaration outside the loop, then you'd be overwriting it.
Is there anything I can do to mask the IP?
well then you're in for a surprise.
Also, from the UI side, the user gets to select which one they want to output (either one to all 3 files.) Any suggestions?
Both my colleague and I arrived at Hampton Inn & Suites to stay two nights.
Then go to app/design/frontend Locate your theme package Then locate page.xml file.
The brisket is good as well.
Step Three: I commented out all code and objects and slowly added back one by one..
However, be warned if you're looking for a hip happening spot a la \""tamari\"" this probably isn't it.
when button click to activated mouse scroll in android After button click to mouse scroll to be activted,then scroll up to value increment and scroll down to value decrement.Button inside code here not working, my sample code here,please analysis code to help me.
Crisp greens, olives, peppers, Gorgonzola with a red wine based vinaigrette...couldn't stop eating it.\n\nPasta course....opted for both house pastas....the first was the oft mentioned linguine tossed in the wheel of Romano with cream and black pepper.
This is precisely what the header file is for.
AND I don't think the stylist from before works there anymore.
The inscribed wood on all of the tables tells me that this is a campus institution, as do the loyal community of regulars who hang out here.
and the Apple Turnover was delicious ( It tasted like apple pie, but it has bit of cinnamon which remind me of christmas) so it and happy day for me!!
After we ordered, our appetizer, salads, and entrees were all out within 15-20 minutes.
Our server was friendly and fast.
I'm trying to install twitter-bootstrap-rails with less.
When you run 'heroku' identifies the remote repository you are pushing to.
Don't visit if you're expecting an upscale or hipster experience - this is a pure tavern with a limited beer selection, slightly wobbly barstools, low ceilings, limited space, and a seasoned crowd.\n\nThere are three beers on tap, including Spotted Cow.
They were fun and personal with attitude!
The service, provided mostly by Diane, was excellent.
Can't wait to have my guests drool over the buttery goodness that are Prantls' cookies.
As a matter of a fact you could see the spices when looking at it closely.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would eat here again in the future.
php will save user's response on your server.
Egg drop and hot & sour.
Which means, I want it like this.
They belong to a nice corporation.
I had been trying to get the task to work by placing the required assemblies in the same directory as the .proj file invoking the task.
Not being a really big cigar guy, I do however enjoy one with a stiff drink every now and again.
You probably want to have something like instead.
Since that doesnt exist in those tables, rowcnt should be 0 and errnum should be 332 when the procedure ends.
Try clicking on the "play" looking button above the console, that should continue the execution (or at least help you with what the crash was).
They have a nice little section of tofu, tempeh, & seitan next to a bunch of vegan cheese that looked really good.
Earlier tonight I had the pleasure of eating at a gem of a restaurant in the University Area of Charlotte, NC - Zapaata's Cantina Mexican Restaurant.
Anyway, I really am looking forward to solving this issue with your help, since it is crucial for my app to have an ability to keep data.
is a non-nullable so it is 0 by default hence the problem would be either the request not being sent or the response not being read.
If you really want to avoid undercounting, then you should consider a .
How can I manage such situation so when the user click on a submit button, the related fileupload's file(s) upload and the other fileupload's file(s) stay in their states.
\n All portions were generous, perfectly cooked and quick to the table.
We even got to meet the chef/owner Bruce, who is very friendly, which was an added plus.
Gems can configure their host apps by providing a For example, here is a shortened version of how the does it:
My pastrami was delicious, but if I could do it again I would have the full serving of the magnificent mac n' cheese.
Maintaining FAQ data Need to list down FAQ in a web page, most frequently asked question on top.
I know there are other posts but for some reason none of them seem to be working for me.
Is there any available free SDK for IOS native webRTC Data channel app development?
When I want to purchase local meats, cheeses and other specialty products, I visit Metcalfe's first.\n\nTheir deli, salad bar, soups and other pre-made items are delicious.
How to order by one column in one table and another column in other table ,but in a single query?
It came on a jaeger (brown, mushroom) sauce, which is not traditional at all.
They will tell you honestly if something needs to be fixed asap, or if it can wait.
Basically I've loaded an image (bmp) into a HBITMAP from a file and bitblitted it to the device context for the main window.
This kind of mismatch strongly implies that anything with static methods should be sealed.
I had two library: jsr311-api-1.1.1.jar, and jersey-core-1.17.1.jar, both containing the class javax.ws.rs.ApplicationPath.
I've got a navigation bar and I want the whole 's to be "linked" or "clickable" if you will.
I'm a fan of this place.
now we will create class implementing LogicInterface.cheap hotel finding logic will be in this class here "Template method pattern" will be used,because later on and cheapest hotel finding logic is changed,we will create new class which will be implementing LogicInterface and just one line change will finish our work,no where any code change will be needed.
The first is and second is .
Why does c++ stick to this kind of symbol system?
\n\nIn my opinion, if an auto shop has the time and money to keep a squeaky clean appearance, they're wasting some of your money you pay for service.
This post , which I found by Googling "download jdk8 linux 64 ubuntu", answers your question.
Thus far, the only way I’ve gotten this to work is to create a Supervisor class that Foo inherits from that contains two static type variables.
How does a steak taste this good, chew this well, and not have any fat vein?
:)\n\nThese are definitely one of the best places to grab breakfast while you are in the Southpark-area.
This is one of my favorite shops!
I have been a patron of Bado's several times now, and this is a great spot to have few beers, watch a game, and meet up with friends.
Don't forget your receipt for tax time!
You must call reader.mark() before the first while loop; reader.mark() essentially saves the current position of the reader so that you can go back to that position when you call reader.reset().
Created a DB and installed an application into the container.
The Xcode generated command line contains: The second entry is actually redundant - it is the same as the third (as means parent) - but it looks like your problem is the way the path is escaped.
IIS blocking LFTP command I'm trying to execute a LFTP command using the PHP method in a IIS 7.0 site.
That interface can consist of commands and queries.
I think that what you are looking for are class-based helpers .
something like this should work: If ComboBox_Ticker.Text &lt;> "" AndAlso DateTime.TryParse(ComboBox_Date.Text, Nothing) Then
Since you're using PS3+, instead of joining the lines (it's slow), read the file as one string via : Filtering by name, showing contents without name: In PS2.0: Filtering by name, showing name and contents: Filtering by , showing contents: Filtering by , showing name and contents of the node:
I checked out the website and was less than enthusiastic.
Again, take this with a grain of salt; I'm not an expert on reinforced learning.
This'll first unassign the issue from the old sprint then assign it to the new sprint.
\n\nI'll definitely be going back to try out some of the more fun customized pancakes and crepes.
Medium often turns into medium well, but that's not a huge problem for me.
I went with my best friend Winnie and she got her tattoo with Travis Lakeman.
A point at can be represented as a limiting case of the interval as approaches .
If I think about it more I think she was \""concerned\"" about me so...
From the street this place doesn't look like much, but once you enter...
And there was a friggin' pianist playing jazzed up holiday tunes on a grand piano.
It looked like most of the foreign students in there were also ordering soups (could have been because it was really chilly).\n\nThe soup came with a large portion of rice and only 3 kimchees (not really banchan).
Once the word is added in the personal dictionary; it should appear in the auto suggest when user is typing it in messaging/mail apps.
I have found works the best in this case.
Hopefully my problem and attempts so far are clear.
The code I've used was this:
8Bit Grayscale Bitmap to Array I am wondering, from here how would I go about storing the pixel values into a matrix?
Non of these are generating ids for you.
I want the background image to start where the div is starting.
You know - like a normal person.
JQuery: CSS: i Recommends you to use class because you can add more css to the class later.
There are two issues that need to be fixed.
There is no 'Wow' factor but the gym is incredibly nice (but close at 10pm).
The string i get to evaluate will be like etc.
It provides better solution for working with databases.
Yum!\n\nWe sat at the upstairs side bar, and service from the bartenders was generally good--one of them even wished me happy birthday when I mentioned why I was ordering the cake batter martini.
So in the above case I would end up with two csv files of the form: and; I have to date managed to write to a single csv as below: which produces the output minus the tuple name.
Not sure if that makes a difference but thought I should mention it.
(During the C standardization process in the late 1980s, the committee had to choose between "value-preserving" and "unsigned-preserving" integer promotions.
However, you could set up a local VMWare VSphere cluster and use the VSphere provider to interact with that to get you going.
His straight man of 1000 voices sidekick, Larry Sprinkle, is still doing weather at WCNC TV.\n\nAnyway, Murphy MADE Bojangles a success here.
Abstract classes are similar to interfaces.
The sauce is delicious, and they give you plenty of seafood, shrimp, calamari, and scallops.
Great food (most of the time) and fast.
This line: will clear the error from the This line: will enable error for the again This line: will prevent layout alignment disruption.
HTTP POST is not working from Java I am trying to do an http post.
Tag would seem a lot neater, but I can't see anything in the documentation about how you use it?
Back home if you asked for something they would order it for you.
Try binding with this style (event delegation is the term): As per adding a when one is not present, simply do a check to see if one exists:
If doesn't show it, you can't bind to it.
I installed Intellij IDEA 14 on my mac osx, but I found the display of depended library in Packages view was very annoying.The following is the screenshot of intellij idea, all the package name of depended jars are displayed here, they are indeed too many...
Since you're asking for the best way, and if Log4J is not a strong requirement, my suggestion would be to use Logback and its .
All VMs are accessible from every other VM in the virtual network.
We were told it would be a half hour before it would be ready but that was fine because we had to drive to pick up anyway.
If all they have are their android phones.
Almost taste just like the regular Hot and Sour put of course more of a seafood flavor then pork.
The code looks something like: I have also tried: But to no avail, it still doesn't work - the saveChanges() call doesn't make any requests to the service, as if there is nothing to update.
No I do not own anything.
Best pizza I've eaten in Pennsylvania, the Margareta with imported tomatoes and sauce is, in itself, amazing.
I saw some information on how to add a to your form, but C# doesn't have anything like that.
I should have waited one more day before posting.
Occasionally you can hear people in our town talking about how we need to support the arts.
Example: On Firefox the link strechs with the text and the tag, on IE7 the clickable area of link remains small.
So another option is to use Aps.net to host your app.
There are several good local spots to eat at just off the light rail's route.
I especially like the Penang curry, and the sauce for the chicken with garlic is excellent.
Looks like it's searching for a oracle-specific library and you're using open jdk.
And finally, they need to add a DESSERT BAR.
In case it still shows old url - clean cache and make url rewrite reindex.
Unfortunately for your purposes, that means that you can't access the features of the host OS (Linux).
Do you mean that the form shall exchange its contents with a message plus an OK button?
They are a great way to test individual units of code and so should be ideal for your situation.
In my case, the listview began where the Text view finished at the red line.
One of the best quesadillas I've had.
Um, apparently everyone except this place.\n- I got the chili cheese dog, the mac and cheese dog and the chili cheese fries.\n- The chili cheese fries are very very good and are some of the best I've had.
I couldn't decide what to order - everything sounded amazing.
You change blog name at one place and it is reflected everywhere.
I know you shouldn't be setting eager_load to false in production.
Populate ListView from XML file I have the following sample XML file from which i need to poplutate a ListView.
Stayed here for a convention next door, mostly bc it was the most convenient.
Step #2- Create a link “Compare” that has runs a function.
But let's face it, if you can't get THAT right, you'd better close up shop.\n\nThe service was very friendly and attentive, and the entrees didn't come out until we'd finished our soup.
Solve a ODE for arrays of parameters (Python) *I am aware that this question is quite simple but I would like to know the best way to set up such a for loop in Python.
If the second string is empty, I only want to display the first string.
One slice was perfect to fill me up for lunch, too.
But hey, as long as they've got good food and awesome drinks, I'll keep coming back, annoying background noise or not!
I peeked in the tinted windows as best I could and saw that I was partially right...
As far as i understand each application client in a cluster uses its own keyspace right.
Seriously, how can you win the hearts of your customers with stinginess.
I have some doubts regarding length field of Object class.
Now I found that iterating back-reference property force reload existing entities.
is a global field, just do this: instead of what you have written.
Question : How can I use my current configuration to be managed correctly by Eclipse?
Table footer view buttons I have some signup form that had email and login text fields as table cells and signup button as button in footer view.
I've looked around and found code about KeyGuardLock and KeyGuardManager but I believe that only locks the keyboard from working.
Add before : Not rewrite real file or folder
VERY useful when you get wind chills of -20 F....
That said, Core Audio engineering indicated that your results may be related to when the voice block is created it is is also affecting the RIO instance.
If the "submitted date" cell is blank, I want the aging cell to be blank.
This is what I am trying.
I will try and make my connecting flights here more often...
The place is small with a large bar, dimly lit, you can watch the cooks make your food through a large window at the back of the dining room.
I had to do very little patching of my exterior siding, and they even managed to avoid damaging my interior walls.
int, char but if you are assigning big objects then use member initialization list.
The sandwiches are moderately priced and good.
The Sunday brunch menu is also nice (the Greek omelet is highly recommended if you are into omelets).
As I know what a router looks like, I wandered the aisles until I found them, it only took a second.
Iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.
This is my go-to place for lunch when I work downtown.
I just finished my holiday shopping here because they have a ton of little things that make great stocking stuffers for anyone like balms, solar lights for camping, doggy gear, kid stuff, etc.
the dining room area, which feels a little too formal for my liking.
Free admission on Mondays, because it's karaoke night.\n\nThe bartenders are always really nice and contentious of people standing behind the bar stools needing to order.
There is no format provider for timespan in Silverlight, so it appears.
Mac and cheese was on point.
CSS now supports values of background-size such as , which dictates that the background image will fill out the container yet retain aspect ratio, cropping off parts that we don't need.
abt the news widget I don't see anything wrong.
The pasta is a little thicker that spaghetti noodles but equally delicious!
is a great resource you might find useful for any winsock related issue.
I love that they have cage free eggs and antibac free chicken.
Anywhere else they would be at least $150.
Though I'm a beer guy.\n- Friendly staff.\n- Okay atmosphere.\n\nThis place is definitely worth trying.
When I step through it, I see the button being pressed, I see ExecuteResult() being called, but it never makes it to ExternalLoginCallback().
Lobster Tail, SA\n \nFor an inland seafood restaurant this one rivals many costal ones I've eaten at.
I went in May and June and now that I am talking about it my stomach started growling and I want to go now!!
How to customise the php script so that the feedback is exactly the same as the user have typed out in a form?
I saw Pamela's and thought oh well, if I can have breakfast for dinner, why not try breakfast for lunch.
This is happening because the redirect_uri your android app is using to create the initial login flow is different from the redirect_uri the server is using when it tries to excange the code for an access_token.
ps please forgive me if concat can't be used this way in mqsql; not entirely certain whether it'll work.
The portions were small, but surprisingly filled me up for the entire afternoon until a later dinner.
However, most modern OSs are quite permissive, so I'm not sure if that's your problem in this case.
Since I moved from Pittsburgh, I haven't been back, but I am going to make a point to visit next time I'm in town!
You would also have injected the wrong type of as the one configured doesn't use the .
I purchased too many things to take back on the plane, so they gladly shipped it.
We can't compete with the Denver airport with its super cool art shops and the fact that during one four hour layover I had a full steak meal complete with bison ribeye and a bottle of red wine.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything in mine between summer 2009 and 2012.
Who knew you had such a refined and sexy dining scene???\n\nWell, your good citizens, that's who.
If you are solo, sit at the bar - you'll have a very nice experience.
It's a noisy and busy atmosphere but that was fine since it was fun to talk a bit to our neighbors.
Terminal: Where is the shell start-up file?
In the past, a number of times I have walked through an uncorrupted stack trace, and always, the EIP pointers in the stack frames point near , but not at , the location of the corresponding functions listed in the .map file.
This doesn't mean newbies aren't welcome, it just means you might make a few mistakes on the way.
Am I missing some concept or anything else major with this (aside from my and functions won't really exist that way)?
If you look at my other reviews the Jamba Juice, Wine Bar and Burger Bar are all major standouts.
I love the patio here and enjoy the overall feel of it.
This is an amazing way to spend a fall afternoon.
If the data-set and/or model is large, then you may have to split the validation-set into batches to fit the computation in memory.
My family all ordered something different, Judy, my cousin who thinks China Gate is the finest Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh, and would come here at the drop of a hat, ordered her Chicken and Green Beans.
(alertTitle, alertText, alertNumber, and alertAddress) When looking at the code, the problem is where the alertAddress is involved.
Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of.
Not sure they've re-opened yet, but if not, hopefully soon.
If the checksum is present and fails, then the packet will be silently discarded.
However, what I should have been doing was putting the assemblies in the referenced task directory "..\lib\MyCompany.MSBuild\".
3.5 stars overall..bumped up to a 4 for being...\""cozy\""..
But this problem must have been solved a million times before (?).
Great food, great location, ok service.
The tracking system they use is actually really great too.
I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami.
If you know Japanese (my husband does) they love to make conversation.
But the connection between GCM and the client app seems to disappear after a few minutes of inactivity.
I suspect that: in irb, when you , that tells rubygems to set up the load paths automatically to point to the currently installed gem dir.
Suppose I have a function that creates a list of IDs.
You can even play the PA lottery there.
No matter what event we attend.
\n\nThey also do cheesecakes which I know will lure me back at some point.
As a vegan I like that I have a ton of options here, but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too.
It was just myself and a friend and we are quite chatty and so was our server.
They are not of high quality, but everything else is.
, the lifetime of the temporary is not extended, so care must be taken not to access it again after that point.
Excellent service, friendly staff and you get to watch plans land and take off.
My favorite Breakfast and Lunch place in Charlotte where the food is downhome country cooking with a very friendly and helpfull staff.
I've got everything working except one thing.
Now I know that you need to reattach the event due to the call and that is why I use with JQuery 1.7.
One of my absolute favorites!\n\nOur appetizer was the lasagna fritta which is Parmesan breaded lasagna pieces, fried and served over Alfredo sauce topped with Parmesan cheese and marinara sauce.
\n\nMonty's will make it for you if you ask nicely.
warm friendly folks - Bob and Jan.
Is there any guide lines for AirPlay on iOS I there any guide line for AirPlay on iOS?
The menu has a great selection, even for my pescatarian diet.
Minestrone was OK.\n\nTake home: Kinda wish I had tipped my server more (I did a bit over 20%).
Candles, cards, medals, statues, love spells, books, signs, jewelry....I could go on and on.
Each client generates a UUID type of identification and then sends it to the main server for storage and authentication.
You use a try..catch block to catch the Exception, then add whatever error handling logic is appropriate.
Needless to say that such generated UI's are not very well-suited for frequent users with demands for higher UI efficiency, nor are they particularly easy to learn in case of a larger system since they don't really communicate system image or interaction sequence well.
One of my favorite spots in Charlotte.
They don't serve food but several people brought in picnic baskets and I saw a few grills around.
So let's define an method which reverses the sense of a promise - resolve becomes reject and reject becomes resolve.
Add your user.Firstname and User.lastname to your group by clause
Heidi went above and beyond helping me plan from 3 hours away, including taking pictures of the tea room and promptly responding to my many many emails.
This is a Java solution that computes the ways by basically counting them one by one.
And when my uppity friend Myra bellowed that she didn't like our fortunes, they gave us brand new fortune cookies.
Make heavy use of forward declaration to make types opaque.
Query that joins 3 tables What Ive tried so far...
\n\nSince my review over two years ago, I've moved to Raleigh for a change from Charlotte and chopped off half my Rapunzel locks.
He sent me home with detailed instructions, some prescription pain medication, and an antibiotic.
I have tried searching Google for what the command is in cURL, so I added the &amp; fields in the request header with the appropriate key, but no luck.
It's a delightful memory from my trip.
I still felt stupid, but at least I got to order.
I will be back to try a menu item another day.
Nothing like 3 cups of coffee and a spare before you get to a conference.
Also, the sweet tea is delicious if you like it pretty sweet.
Want to start an activity from listview click but my class does not extend activity I have a listview in viewpager.
Update: it seems that DsEnumerateDomainTrusts can do what I need, however, it doesn't looks like net.exe importing it, so I'd still like to know of other options.
Being from the Bay Area, I was very nervous ordering Sushi here in the South, but there's only so much fried food you can eat before you want a bit of a lighter fare.
The Westin convention Center is located downtown of Pittsburgh.
For everything else you have to roll your own or find a library to use (and many people do).
Implementations almost invariable choose exponential growth, in order to meet the amortized constant time requirement for the operation.
A self-professes connoisseur of apple fritters, he readily agreed that the fritters at Mt.
The stewed tomatoes were great and were prepared with garlic and green peppers.
Going back to the REST Service, the way I see it there are 3 options: Make RPC style urls e.g.
Plus you're paying around 9 dollars for a buffet, I mean- let's get real.
Based on what I found out here: The correct way to return JSON in CakePHP is like so: This is because the headers can be overridden and therefore the CORS doesn't work unless you do it the 'proper' way using the response object in Cake.
They describe it in here .
( A three-month stay) I was very surprised that 51 books I may read are in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Library system.
I pitched a royal fit and 40 minutes later they gave me all 5 rooms at the rate that I was quoted.
Great food, fantastic atmosphere and decor.
Python's lxml module can process XSLT 1.0 scripts.
I don't wanna say it's begrudgingly, but it kinda is.
Fettuccine Alfredo was average...no different from fettuccine Alfredo from other restaurants...
\n\nWarning though if it is a busy summer evening you can wait up to one hour for your dog I think this is because they have tiny kitchen behind the bar.
It says "No templates of type 'Live Templates' found in the file.' VS2013 Ultimate ReSharper 8.2
settting keyspace for replication strategy Hi i am pretty new to Cassandra so forgive me when i have some fundamental misunderstanding of the concept of keyspaces.
But when it comes to the Rootdomain itself ( i am at a loss here.
In your app delegate, look for this line: or search for and you will find it..
cronjob not working on Ubuntu server I am trying to execute a cronjob on ubuntu server, below are its code: Which work perfectly fine for me.
Should I be considering flushing the cache from time to time?
Peking Garden is a delightful locale, and definitely one to visit as an ironic hipster in graduate school.
[EDIT after OP clarified his IE version as IE10] The other possibility is that it's displaying the page in compatibility mode or quirks mode.
Returning null creates redundancies with extra null checking logic and is counterintuitive.
You can use web-server config if possible.
The place just reeks of beef cooking...
However, this setup doesn't allow me to debug my code.
Troubleshooting: Extending the jQuery Sortable With Ajax & MYSQL I'm trying to implement an ajax tutorial I found at The tutorial allows for click-and-drag sortable bullet lists...where each item's position is updated in the database.
All I do is tell them that, & they start pulling cheeses & slicing off slivers for me to taste!
It's a nice local store to support when you're in the area.
If you want to use an array of bytes, usually , you will need to pass the array to functions, as well as the capacity and the number of elements in the array .
Working with GlassFish, trying to be tidy, I would like to put all of my business logic into a single EJB JAR.
I am creating a simple application using the MVC design pattern where my model accesses data off the web and makes it available to my controllers for subsequent display.
However in the log, they return as null.
I was in the mood for a Rachel, because well, why not...
(since Pittsburgh is the \""city that sleeps\"").
It was tasty, and the flavors of the ice-cream and fresh berries mixed perfectly.\n\nThe restaurant isn't very large, but that only adds to charm and intimacy of the atmosphere.
The crepe itself was nice and fluffy, with a good amount of veggies in the middle.
An avalanche perhaps, of bicycle parts EVERYWHERE.
Use it in a loop to split at the to get all the key-value pairs into a vector (for example).
Quick Navigation: Ctrl +Shift + Q has no effect.
TeamCity building MSP files For background: I've got quite a nice TeamCity setup; containing a ci build and a release build which uses WiX to build my installers and patch all the version numbers.
I left with unique childrens books & hand puppets for my son, silly sticky notes for my secretary's desk, witty comic novels, and an irresistible coin pouch.
Because Magento modules aren’t listed there, you will have to add the packages.firegento.org repository to the configuration as follows [...] So you will need the repository to get the magento composer installer.
But update id is signed 32bit integer, so it is just 2147483647.
Otherwise, you need to write your own custom method instead using the delegate macro for more complex options.
If you want to work around that, you may need to create a custom type convertor.
This is only a sample page and I cannot user any kind of user controls, like ASP.NET.
It takes some time but is not really complicated.
\"".com\"" is the Nashville store and \"".net\"" is the Carolinas store.
You will find something delicious here, I promise you that.
Using the second map iteration method, your total complexity is
Of course, you'd generally want to do something with the variables that are returned.
My favorite part is getting the half sandwich (any on the menu) and half salad (which is large enough to put your head in).
\n\nI've never purchased one from these guys, but they have a killer selection of knives, too.
Later on we retrieve each folder using their document id as follows where [user name] is the same as what we used previously: doc id]?xoauth_requestor_id=[user name] We are able to get the document (folder) for 8 of the 9 but for one of them we get ResourceNotFoundException no matter when we try and no matter if we retry.
If the HTML was instead xhtml i would use various built-in/nativly available xml DOM parsers.
I've always had a pleasant experience except the last time I went.
To answer the question in your title, I would wrap the in a in a and use the latter's method repeatedly.
I've been lamenting the lack of Mediterranean establishments on the Eastside for a while.
WebRTC: One to one Audio call not working in different machine I am trying to implement a one to one audio call using webRTC (signalling using websockets) .
I've been out for over a year now and happened to be nearby.
They could use a bigger selection of cheese, but whatever.
I work downtown and we have ordered dinner when we have worked late!!!
Some are better for you than others like the vegetable pesto and black bean soups however, if you get a \""you pick two meal\"", you can splurge on the less healthy ones like creamy wild rice and chicken.
So I want to fill in the missing holes of data.
A little expensive perhaps but cheaper than a Hotel and really gives a NC Feel.
or it may return something ?
So on a Maven point of view, everything is fine!
Now what i need is for my element to have a unique attribute called 'identifier'.
One posible solution I have read is message grouping for JMS.
The property should show the 2nd value (in my case, ), and the property should be the path to what you are executing (mine is ).
It's big and busy with a Starbucks on every concourse.
This partially addresses my question but not entirely, because it doesn't let me specify a new file at install-time; I can merely select among existing files.
Then do a full outer join of that table with a copy of itself (use the "Insert Columns" feature for the join) using the column with that dummy column as the key field.
\n\nNakatos is an exciting food experience, I love coming here on my birthday or when I come across a nice stack of cash.
Decent coffee - far and away better than other chains.
The hostess told me that all the wood and furnishings were brought over from Ireland when Ri Ra was built.
Starbucks is generally 2-3 stars, quality of coffee-wise but, I give this location 4 because they seem to manage heavy volume well in the morning.
When you post a YouTube video to your timeline and STAR the post, the video preview displays fullwidth.
gradle, Could not expand ZIP appcompat-v7:19.0.1 I've a problem with android studio adn gradle to import appcompat-v7.
Even if you overidding class which returns something meaningful you should consider using NullObject design pattern so that you do not broke existing APIs and follow LSP .
Food was excellent and I loved the feel of the place
I am a big fan of Tervis cups, which they have a huge variety of (with all of the accessories that go along with them) and I also like Turbie Twist towels (don't judge me) as seen on TV.
But since we have entered an time where a lot of the written software is to update/upgrade or maintain existing systems, it is very handy to have basic knowledge of old techniques!
Craving a chocolate malt, I stopped in on a walk around 3 pm on a Friday afternoon.
I went here for breakfast and I was quite happy.
When HTA is run with IE9 ( ) there are some issues with , like some mess with and window borders.
They also have volunteer piano players in the atrium on certain days, which is really fantastic to listen to.\n\nTo read more about the expansion, head over to the airport's web site.
A surprisingly nice restaurant for this neighborhood.
I probably step foot into a bank three times per year.
Web.xml extract: When I run the JNLP, webstart correctly asks me to fill in the username and password, but then crashes with the following null pointer exception:
The code is running well while placing 5 photos.
Suppose I have a textbox1 as follow (n rows x n columns): Now I want to transfer data from this text box into an existed 2d Matrix that will store data in Integer Type.
I always get a bowl of their rice soup and it always hits the spot.
They have lots of vegetarian options and a fantastic bakery!
However, you should be treating numbers as numbers especially if you want to use them in something like .
And the strength of it is good at scalability and I/O throuput.
I'm trying to create a multi-select dropdown list with "Select All" button.
The lox I think is my favorite and I'd love to come back to try a Cinnamon one.
Can't ask for more.\n\nOne negative was the appearance of the restaurant, looked out of date.
Best fast food in the biz imo.
I assert that body contains an array of objects.
We really want to stay there again, and I assure you I will be calling.\n\nExcellent hotel, less than excellent experience.
People may hate me for thinking it, but I don't care.
If you need it more than once:
if you have an Apple, there is a very easy way to access all of the characters available to the "Character Viewer".
Running gearman on a Heroku Worker I have a PHP app running on heroku (cedar stack).
Bathroom seemed pretty old and looked wore out due to not having a exhaust fan I believe, paint was chipping and could see poor workmanship.
I've found that the service bus could help me.
As far as I know the COL_NAME can't be replaced with "?".
We started with the Dippo de Queso con Carne, which was a spicy mix of chilies, cheese and chorizo.
It has basically everything you need and is well organized.
This was my first time at this location.
always go there when i'm down and always made sure to bring out of town people there when i came.
Error in PDF Export Options in Angular DataTable While Exporting PDF The Columns are overlapping from 4th Column.The Other Options(copy,excel,print) are Working Fine.
I've had drinks at the bar down stairs, and let me tell you that you'll be paying full price for under poured cocktails.
I am developing embedded firmware to communicate with the Multi-Tech's MTSMC-H5 GPRS Modem.
Flying Saucer is a little tricky to find if you're not familiar with the area, but it was worth the effort.
Chilled cucumber salad and the dumplings are worth trying.
Determine if point intersects 35km radius around another point?
Food options include Chili's, CPK, BK, and Cinnabon.
You can easily find tools for capturing screenshots, but you will be not able to view changes done after a specified time.
You see it in every detail.
usually with two to four installations per floor) and it usually, but not always has installation art.
A variation of your overall approach but with the same end result.
They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.
alert() is a method of the window object that cannot interpret HTML tags
I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.
Do i have to use an external lib to get song information?
Installation failed, reverting ./composer.json to its original content.
Since there are in Java private+static method exist.
In any event, I reverted to an earlier very similar version that I know was working and I still get the same error.
Huxley was sitting at the opposite end of the table.
Take a look at Creating an GUI with Swing for more details...
Well, the other answer is probably better, but I wrote this anyway, so I'm posting it: Needs: Code:
I have tired two seperate queries one for update the other insert, but updating never works.
Relax with one of their signature key lime martinis...better yet, make it two!!!
\n\nYou might have to bounce around to a few ReStores before you find what you're looking for, and you have to wade through all the tile, cabinets and random pieces of wood.
You can achieve the latter without actually waiting a day by following these steps: Delete your app from the device.
I have the meta values only.
The convolution can be computed directly (Loops) of in the frequency domain (Using Convolution Theorem ).
The first time I went, I didn't realize they didn't take credit cards, and Ka even waited for me to go to the bank and get some cash!\n\nI'd recommend Dick and Arnie's to anyone who likes the \""classic\"" barber shop feel, and isn't a fan of \""Cost Cutters\"" or \""Sport Clips\"", or whatever other chains are out there now.
Below is my code (socket.io part) My express.js Session settings: My main problem is in my terminal when user travels from one url to another, the session id changes also: But I don't want it to be changed.
My server noticed that I wasn't happy and offered to get another one.
I stopped by here today with my fianc\u00e9 for a quick slice of pizza for myself.
For example, you want the category "News" where you put news articles and a category "Events" where you put articles about your events.
startup automatically and then I just attach and run the application...all good.
Every time you click you attach a new click handler to the table.
The hotel used to offer discount cards to bring the garage parking rate down to $10/day but they stopped doing that this year because of a change in parking garage management.
But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view.
By far the best breakfast in town.
Also, as pointed out by @choroba, you should be using instead of since your input isn't always an integer.
Within the Junit Test case, add code to execute a SOAPUI test step Obtain the MessageExchange object, get the response from it, and then get headers, content or attachments.
OK here is a jsFiddle with AN answer: The reason I say that is I cheated a bit because every(2).months(); and other methods I tried for every two weeks would return unexpected results.
If you read anything about the corporate structure or culture of Whole Foods you'll understand why everyone seems so happy to be working.
For SDK 4.0 : U should add a button and in button action use the below code : Updated : To receive Users Information
The styling tools and products are top of the line and always leave my hair with a beautiful finish.
For that I had to drop the restaurant down one star.\n\nThere's a parking lot available right next to the restaurant but spaces are limited.
So now what I am passing is: -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -file "\SERVER\Share\Script.ps1" This is where I got this tip - After I added this, Read-Host started working also and paused the execution of the script.
Or the other option is simply change all your Unit Tests to use MSTest framework if possible.
I hope to go back for more food soon!
Every time an invalid attempt is made, the username, user IP, user email and time/date is stored in the database.
My wife and I like this place.
Your first line reads: (1) Add the class to all the elements that contain a immediately after a that contains a within And the example reads: (2) Add a class to any element that matches .
But, more importantly than the food, we just really liked the atmosphere.
A lot of times when you get dishes like this the seafood is not fresh and there's not very much of it.
There are several Belgian pubs around Pittsburgh, but D's is a whole different experience.
Great place to shoot a rifle or gun.
You could extend a custom class from EditText with a method that will store the current text into a private member variable.
I went for brunch the past Sunday.
Perhaps Blumenthal should not be reviewed, since it is a group of venues, and an organization, rather than a single location?
The problem is i cant get the ids of other screens.
Definitely on my list to go back to the next time I'm in Charlotte.
I honestly can't get enough of this place.
if you use this code: is null.
At the moment i am using this one: But i also could use OR There may be many more.
There is a new Starbucks that is now open.
Any ideas why it is not finding the dll on his computer but finds it fine on my computer?
One never waits long for your food.
Super call outdoor lounge area for nice weather (definitely check this out if you're there during warmer months).
By modifying the css i m able to make space for the panel.
Putting this line of code in that view controller's code also resolved that layout problem.
The crowd was a little weird, there were super casual people and very dressed up people.
How can I chain together SELECT EXISTS() queries?
When I say "ceil(192.00)" it returns 192, as it should.
The structure of the table is, essentialy (details aren't really that important): Now, I'm trying to get to the section by using code: It doesn't throw any errors, it just prints nothing out when I try to echo it.
\n\nAll in all, I'd definitely return and recommend a visit to anyone!
The only gripe I have is that drinks can vary based on the barista you get.
Being from the south, I love me some homemade biscuits and fried chicken!
One solution that I feel strikes the right balance in the Framework/Roll-your-own dilemma is the use of three key perl modules: CGI.pm , Template Toolkit , and DBI .
The place was very empty and we decided to sit outside since it was nice out!
\n\nI'm not a fan of their commercials or PJ's personal philosophies.
I think it would be great to go here and just skip out on the entree portion of the evening all together and just do cheese and dessert.
What can you say about Fiori's.
The first place I'm stuck at is that I have a registration form, however it does not use blade and hence I am not entirely sure how to submit the form.
If you are doing the databind on postback, and after the first onChange event has fired, it's quite likely that the databind event is reseting the checkbox's status, and so causing the event to fire again.
But I shouldn't let butt holes ruin my time with Beauregard's.
So I would get multiple rows, each with a 0 or 1 if that value exists.
The price was very reasonable too.
This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.
Also note that SelectBox1 is not required while SelectBox2 is required.
Everything on the menu is good, and they have Warsteiner on tap!
What does force unwrapped mean in an expected argument type?
We will deffinetly be back in the future.
It has characters, make a great quick lunch place.
I highly recommend this place if your in Charlotte.
We had the Astros staying at our hotel (what's up Brett Myers and J Happ?) so it's got to be pretty classy, right?
During our 12 day stay went to Wolfgang Puck's Pizza Bar, The Palm, PF Changs, and Pinkberry for some frozen yogurt.
I love Django, but it's incredibly slow, and so far I've never been able to get the caching framework to make any noticeable impact in a production environment.
This is a location i frequent often.
On the other hand, if we sum the measures of the points, we get , the measure of .
I found some documentation for MatLab for the command.
You could always add in your -(void)viewDidAppear method to reload content.
I would absolutely visit again since everything was really yummy!
Picked up steam during its dynasty years in the 1970s.
Please tell me how to hide the text on a button in android.
Gagnon code pointed by Filip, for better detection of real browser (some browsers allows to alter user agent string at will).
Collard greens and fried okra and fried chicken and sausage gravy and all those yummy things that just put weight on when you mention their names!
We will return and look forward to their annual Oktoberfest, which others say is a great, authentic occasion.
test.mdf), however, I don't have the LDF file.
The lunch buffet is really great, everything is fresh and full of interesting flavor - nothing is spicy hot, though.
Thank you in advance for your assistance.
Missed deadlines are rarely developer's fault.
Keys of dictionary would serve as the unique numbers you need
Each source file is compiled into an LLVM bitcode file.
However, once you get that content you still need to figure out how to allow users to access it in the flow of your current app.
She grew up near Lexington, NC so she knows her BBQ.
You can apply to have your IP address and account whitelisted which will increase your rate limit to 20,000/hour if you are approved.
each and every one of those visits are compared to my bbq gold standard, fat jack's in monona.
It's a good, clean solution that makes your css re-usable and keeps the style and functionality separate.
My boyfriend and I had dinner on a whim on a weekday and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
Eclipse build setting is not automatic but the build still remains running before any ant task be launched.
The Westin is known for their Heavenly beds and it definitely was.
Lovely, refreshing food, though the menu gets a bit old.
I don't know if this was because of Labor Day weekend or a Pirates game, but we were the only people in the bar area by 8:00.
Since it is not clear what your requirements are, I will assume that what you really want to use is a BackgroundWorker .
Note Had I used Enumerable#map rather than Enumerable#flat_map , the result would have been Using is equivalent to inserting a splat in front of each of this array's elements.
It's a family-run restaurant, and the owners are usually there working hard!!
No food is served after 10pm, which for someone used to living in a big city is borderline ridiculous.
Ever since I saw it featured on the Food Network I've been wanting to go.\n\nWe went for breakfast and I ordered the stuffed raspberry french toast.
If Ri Ra was near my office in Chicago, it would be packed at lunch time.
The card selection is extensive, so if you go there in search of a card you're unlikely to head home empty-handed.
Well, I have a table as this where I have my values and I need to have theirs percentages.
While if this parameter is set as false, you have to trigger the first call of manually or programmably.
There are multiple problems: My static const is getting allocated in .bss section.
I was able to get a better one using and importing the module manually.
why is php trim is not really remove all whitespace and line breaks?
The steps follow: Create an an individual named LoggerRepository on each thread.
They have a nice cook-to-order breakfast option for $10.95, and a decent drink/good menu for dinner.
Is there a simple way to modify it to get average response times computed only in accurate trials?
Speed was fine, food was great, but I don't like apologizing just because I chose to eat in your restaurant.
They have convenient hours and parking**.
They have frozen drinks, on the rocks drinks, beer, liquor, you name they have it.
Rendering Issues with DirectShow and USB Video Sources We are trying to get DirectShow work with USB video capture devices like this .
The shrimp was cooked well and was also good.
Big work desk to get stuff done on your laptop.
If you want to get your game up and running quickly with physics (even if they're simple Sonic-like physics), Erin Catto has laid all the ground work for you.
A great mix of locals, students and employees from Children's Hospital.
Thankfully, neither of those are true!
It's nice to know that there's decent Indian food that isn't far out in the boonies like Udipi (which, btw, is worth the trip).
Maybe it's because the environment already seems loud, parents feel they can let their children misbehave and it will go unnoticed.
Generate Validatables controler with this Tools Customize this controller something like this: (Code of this module You could see This ) ...
One of the first things I did when I had a little free time after moving to PIttsburgh was to locate a good CD store.
You can argue that you'd like C# to be defined in a way which would allow this (although I'd still disagree) but the compiler is implementing the specification correctly.
My HOA volunteers thank you and we'll be back...with more notice next time
I customized my ordered and chose a ham omelet, add spinach and cheese.
A very nice brewpub - a recent and extensive renovation provides great atmosphere.
How to make React Native's ScrollView initial zoom to not be 1?
I am trying submit to $process the result of this system call but when I have got zero Any suggestions
But my parents were never ones to make leisurely stops so whenever the chance comes up to stop somewhere cute or kitschy, I HAVE to stop.
Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from.
Stop in and see Karisa, owner of Nectar florist.
It had a wonderful crumb, and I'd buy it from a bakery in a heartbeat.
It was the bar specials sign that gave me a craving for sliders while walking home from work one night.
The first week I went with the Salmon over beans and potatoes.
removing commas from numbers in CSV file I have a file that has many columns and I only need two of those columns.
As usual I managed to devour every bit of my t-bone.
2) You're mixing MySQL APIs - Those are two different APIs, and they do not mix together.
500 records and the Comboboxes both pull from the same contact list which has approx.
As a DIY'er - this place is a sanctuary.
I use for prints, but this isn't about printing, this is about when I am crashed and I want to print out my hash from the LLDB prompt.
They have plenty of outdoor tables (in the shade) and we grabbed a corner one with our pup.
Ex JSON (not working): Also, how do I tell strong_params to allow this to happen?
I have made all images property as in action as and copy always
More complicated to set in first place but really better (similar question here: <a href="
Here's an illustrative example of how to achieve two-way binding: You could do the same with and have them working side-by-side: In your specific case, you don't even need to assign the value back since you are only assigning to properties of the bound object (which you only need to get), so it is simpler.
Pretty easy getting through the airport to baggage to my shuttle.
Remembering that the restaurant I quickly Yelped before walking out from the hostel had a longer name, I continued to walk down Penn Avenue until I found Graziano's.
No it is not.\n\nMain course is the Blackened Catfish Sandwich.
You get an excellent workout and the teacher during the clinic actually gives your pointers and provides remarks on your game.\n\nDefinitely looking forward to trying out more of their clinics in the future.
At 10pm an improv comedy group showed...
Sometimes this problem happens when you don´t make any calls to some of Pygames event queue functions in each frame of your game, as the Documentation states.
Here is my code for the following example: I wish to avoid having to repeat this FETCH for each variable from the same table...
I suppose it would let them support multiple ranges.
Food was on point and very delicious, however our waitress was NOT the deal.
\n\nDid you know that ever Christmas season the Omnimax screens Polar Express!
Very easy to be in the shade when the sun gets too hot.
I should mention I won the round trip tickets for two on the auction site bidoncharlotte.com for only $200.00 total.
The W Hotel in Beverly Hills doesn't even have free wifi.\n\nThey've got a customer for life.
Steaks and seafood, Mexican to Cajun.
is Apache Spark's abstraction for a Distributed Resilient Dataset To create an you'll need an instance of , which can be thought of as a "connection" or "handle" to a cluster running Apache Spark.
That being said their is a pretty decent mexican concept in the form of Salsarita's as well as decent BBQ.
The waitress was not friendly at all and seemed to have an attitude when I told her my food was burned.
On the basis that the is there, no, it won't work.
The greens were leafy and large and JUST RIGHT!
Checking for exception type in try/catch block in C# I have a rather basic question I've been thinking about.
We made reservations and the table was ready well ahead of time.
Have tried both eating in and take out, and the food was tasty, hot and well prepared.
While the decor seemed modern and edgy, the clientele was decked out in rinestone-encrusted tshirts and argyle.
This literally has every kind of costume you could imagine plus any kind of makeup fx, props, wigs, or whatever else you might need.
\nWhen the food is consistently above average and the service, friendly and highly personable, and the prices reasonable, then...the meal is sublime.\nI gauge a good meal by my level of desire to return.
They admit to the great flavor of the cakes but then downgrade the stars because the shade of pink was wrong.\n\nAnyways someone had brought leftover wedding cake into my work lounge.
I have an idea to call a method from called that returns each of the books titles but how would I return each one of them to index.xhtml as a JavaserverFace link instead of a string?
I have this annotation in my plugins main Mojo: I've tried a few other names for the goal, like dependency:copy and just copy but they all end with a message saying that the required goal was not found in my plugin.
My girlfriend took in the Body Works exhibit here recently, and it was awesome.
I am always up for trying out one of those places featured on food network.
And, one thing to note, although I did not dine in, the restaurant was packed, with a wait list, at 10 and 12.
It does not just happen for ng-repeat, this seems to happen for any other directives that creates a scope like as well.
I think you should only do this once.
orders_controller.rb order.rb date_order.rb routes.rb --> date_orders is not mentioned in the routes.
In my keyboard (Swedish) it´s the key to the right of "ä": "*".
I entered, on the command line, where 'untitled.o' is an object file It ran successfully with out any 'file truncated' message.
A good practice might be to keep processing and the form-display in one file - then you could pre-populate the form with the fields that did not produce errors and mark those that failed so the user can try again.
Why don't you simply use static variables ?
This image works with my code in the variable But not this (in variable ), I get a corrupt .zip file.
I didn't realize this.\n\nOverall, food, service, and mimosas were excellent; I look forward to returning for dinner.
Compared to other BBQ joints, their sides could use more varieties such as green beans, collard greens, yam and other possibilities to complement this resounding BBQ.
The best burgers in Madison...hands down!
Let's say you use Acrobat or Foxit, you cannot pass a stream directly, they need a file path.
If you're printing to a Unix terminal emulator, the terminal emulator is using an encoding that supports this character, and that encoding matches the compiler's execution encoding, then you can do the following: This program does not require that 'ф' can be represented in a single char.
Since my dining partner and I both ordered entrees we were served with a dinner salad.
Then you can remove the redundant eof test at the end.
So crazy how many people were in there!
Don't forget to check out the packaged hot foods across from the salad bar; same stuff but pre-packaged.
On Android 5.0 this has changed, you have to call setElevation(0) on your action bar.
Let's say remote server's ip is , and its internal ip address is .
And this occurred in the room (which was next to mine) and in the hallway.
Ate here yesterday, had some good lunch at good $$.
But it's just one of those too-late-now things.
I grabbed a loaf and we picked at it while we walked around.
Is there a way to create a POCO or DataTable out of or for my library to work with?
That said, csturtz's is the "right" answer.
It isn't very noticeable but its there.
at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilter(ApplicationFilterChain.java:290) at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilter(ApplicationFilterChain.java:206) at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invoke(StandardWrapperValve.java:233) at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invoke(StandardContextValve.java:175) at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invoke(StandardHostValve.java:128) at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invoke(ErrorReportValve.java:102) at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invoke(StandardEngineValve.java:109) at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.service(CoyoteAdapter.java:286) at org.apache.coyote.
We left with a few sundries, and of course the fudge.
If I understood correctly you are trying to access a parent controller from a child controller.
I tried adding my snippet by going to Resharper > Templates Explorer , selecting C# and importing my snippet file.
I did find a local salon which sells Kerastase, but there is only one Craig...and he is at Uptown Retreat in Charlotte.
We did the buffet, and I got the pasta trio.
The structure is Each producer produces data and put them into its own named queue A worker thread constantly examine the queues.
i think Template method pattern better suits here.
The drink prices seems on par for what you would expect as well.
Also, once I have my Setter and Getter method, what do I have to write down in the creation of my Constructor method?
I also knew that it wasn't really in my budget.
Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!
The current politics surrounding the acquisition by Sun have generated code forks and the MySQL landscape is somewhat messy, with controversy about quality issues in the 5.1 release.
I want to have a collection of Tags on the ContentBase class, and a collection of ContentBase items on the tag class.
I bet you won't spend $10.
I want to have a way to include only part of the urls without creating a seperate file for it.
I tried customer support - no response.
I was immediately pointed to the buffet and told \""have whatever you want\"" or something similar.
GR is a MASSIVE store with not just outdoor furniture but they also stock tons and tons of really neat stuff for indoors too.
this error may happen when you add hammer js in a script tag in your html, if this your case remove it and just depend on requirejs for loading it
First off...I'm 29, and I know vintage thanks to great grandparents, and a grandmother who was a show girl, all of whom had excellent taste.
Luckily, there's always an attentive bartender waiting to mix one more cocktail.\n\nBut this ain't no college dive.
However, it did fix the problem for me (which I am rather proud of :)
and 2) even when I've done that in the past they forget them.
And currently most of the produce is shipped from other states/countries.
Hier ist alls sehr gut und \u00dcbersichtlich.
used to go before we hit the club.
What you can use is the function.
I'd come back here to try another hot sandwich.
The portions are plentiful and all the entrees were priced under 9$.
I am not sure if trying to make a connection with the websocket in both the coroutines is the correct way or not.
That is causing to use mixed logging frameworks in one hybris extension.
Why are you doing that, just append an image.
Assuming "value" contains the enumeration value corresponding to the button clicked, your Switch Statement should switch on that variable:
I didn't see any bathrooms, so good thing I refrained from going to the beer store next door to have a cold one while I waited.\n\nThey do have a parking lot, but it's really small and packed, so you'll probably only get a spot if you're lucky.
You just helped yourself to a buffet.
If you buy something larger, they will hold it for a small fee and then the crew will load it into your truck for you.
Currently, the code below can only calculate average reaction times for all responses (accurate and inaccurate ones).
And it doesn't do it all the time.
I solved the same issue with UIViewController categories that is in the common included file.
Lots of driving around to find a spot.
calculate distance from beacon when user is moving in a vehicle How to calculate distance using BLE beacons if the user is moving in a vehicle with 2-15kmph speed?Also,if the distance won't give me accurate results is there any other mechanism with the help of which I can calculate the nearest beacon.The default implementation does not give me proper results as there is a 20sec lag in distance estimates.
She held that embrace for some time, and all the lights and sounds in the room imploded in upon them.
Average rating from SQL database survey data I've been trying to return the average rating of an organizer based on ratings from a table with survey data (targetting one column).
In case of comment form submitting, a ajax call 1st check this user is banned or not.
It came with fresh fruit and potato fingerlings.
Each of us tried a different beer and they were reasonably priced, around $4.50 each.
Hence i would need to set this in the application??
Came in for an oil change, was informed about other things that might need to be changed in the future, and was not made to feel guilty when I declined.
Annie confirms with JJ that we can use the entertainment card, she confirms and we save 12 bucks.
You pay and get a number, and then they bring your food to your table.
Not too bad, and probably comparable to other high-end restaurants in Pittsburgh.\n\nMy only complaints...I wish the lights had been a bit more dim, and we were absolutely freezing during our meal.
I know I can use set to get the unique ids, and then loop through the whole list again.
Darlene did an awesome job on the alteration and had it done in six days.
Pseudo code is neither standardized nor somewhat defined.
I just started using AppCode for iOS programming.
\n\nHere we go, I love good food...
But I use annotation on and automatic transaction management ( ) and because of using the transaction annotations are not processed.
If it's linux you can do it in commandline like that:
This is because clk cycle is #10 and the tb code changes "in" value every #5 .As the counter checks the value of in at posedge it misses the in = 5.
(posted pic) I did have reservations (recommended) so I was seated immediately and the service here is always stellar.
Basically, you should never update (directly or indirectly) any UI component from any thread other then the EDT.
\n\nIf I had another hand, I would give it 3 thumbs up.\n\nNCFoodGuy
Remember going as a child at the original location on Woodlawn!
Make vectors Find signs of dot products and Projection of Point P lies at S(P2, P3), if Note - there is no need in normalizations, square roots etc.
I cant seem to figure out this behavior, is there some sort of conflict between the animations?
Do you really want to discard them?" Browser shows native dialog: This is AFAIK the only way to stop navigation.
The small number of ingredients that go into making this simple sauce and meatball had to be in proper proportion each time to get that wonderful flavor -- so far they are batting 2/2.
consumer reads for a while and then shuts down due to any reason Not sure what exactly are you referring to as the consumer is supposed to run infinitely unless it is stopped explicitly.
My caipirinha was really wicked strong and my Cosmo was pretty much cranberry juice with a splash of vodka.
You want to be printed three times on the third next line.
cocoa : dock like window I am looking to create a NSWindow behaving like the dock window: - Appears when the mouse cursor stays at one edge of the screen - Does not takes the focus (the app having the focus keeps it) but reveives mouse events Any idea on how I can implement this?
We went there back in October.
I recommend the beer cheese soup that comes in the bread bowl.
Did you put your script after the file, so that jQuery is available when your script attaches event handlers?
You don't even need a car.
Programmed into our cell phone and it is ready by the time we drive by on our way home.
My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave.
after the blank character) Then hit backspace a couple times You'll notice that in the top (first) div, you can delete the element, as though it were one giant character.
However, if I go in before work I usually get a Cubano, cause I need to caffeine to help wake me up in the early mornings.
\n\nThey also have this amazing soup that seems to have magical powers when it comes to curing a cold.
Loaded with Flavor, and ice cold beer.
I get it sans the tomato and lettuce -- but keep the onions and mayo.
are favorite fish fry in madison area get there before 530 if you dont want to awhile friendly staff both the bar and the waitstaff good burgers and steaks recomend the sea fod platter nice view of the lake good stop for lunch when out boating easy access pier go most for fish fry good hashbrown solid kids menu very reasonable prices can feed family of 5 for around 40 to 50 dollars with cocktails
Hence that is false for the combinations of and , or and , etc.
In addition, 's effect is entirely implementation-defined, so the code certainly does not have a well-defined meaning.
For instance, you could interpret a single byte as representing a number from 0 to 255.
Now, all dependencies need to be resolved before being injected, which means that both services will be initialized before being injected into the controller.
adding images to the ckeditor i want to add image again in the ck editor when i click on button "add gap" here is my code
But when here comes HEAD request, it is handled with this method.
For me - hands down there's no better Japanese steakhouse in Charlotte.
They also have Korean noraebang, which you have to reserve in advance.
So installing AD is the same as promoting a server in a "Domain controler".
The appetizers were delicious (we've had the platter for two, and the pulled pork crepes), the soup we've had with our entrees were amazing each time, with an intense flavor.\n\nTheir specials change every time we've been there, and if they don't interest you, their regular menu is always exceptional.
I think in all that time I have only had one meal that was below par.
I'm not opposed to using jquery if that is what's needed to make this work.
But due to swapping the values around when it came to retrieving the key points I also had to make some changes.
\n\nThat said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
In one word, each function along the pipeline call its next function in a nesting way.
Small restaurant so definitely make reservations and try the omakase.
\n\nDiverse, well stocked non-perishables and cheap, delicious pitas and prepared food accompaniments.
It was just as I'd imagined it, only better because it was on my head!
I asked if they had croissants a la carte, which they did.
The pizza is sold by the square slice.
I recieve On the view, I have the following code: ...
How can I read the value of the custom property?
I need it to run normally but output the last line of text in the window to a text file.
However, when I inject this code into my test surface, the iframe appears but hitting click does not execute the function and retrieve the desired webpage.
I loved the menu that they posted online.
while locating stack.CImpl while locating stack.C at stack.CFactory.create(CFactory.java:1) 2 errors at com.google.inject.internal.Errors.throwCreationExceptionIfErrorsExist(Errors.java:435) at com.google.inject.internal.InternalInjectorCreator.initializeStatically(InternalInjectorCreator.java:154) at com.google.inject.internal.InternalInjectorCreator.build(InternalInjectorCreator.java:106) at com.google.inject.Guice.createInjector(Guice.java:95) at com.google.inject.Guice.createInjector(Guice.java:72) at com.google.inject.Guice.createInjector(Guice.java:62) at stack.ABCModule.main(ABCModule.java:21) This obviously means that I want too much from the extension - I hoped that the injector will search deep down in the dependecy tree searching for the @Assisted dependency.
The perfect neighborhood restaurant, whether you want a full steak dinner, or just wings and beer with friends.
The waiters were very friendly and the food wasn't too pricey.
The only drawback is that southerners for the most part should watch the southern food there are way too many golf carts going up and down the halls transporting people who don't necessarily need it, they should be walking to get rid of the excess girth.
For my fellow Detroiters it's like not going to Coney Island when friends are in town.
The syntax is "command substitution"; this runs a command, and substitutes the output of that command.
Anyway, Pittsburgh is sorely missing good bagel places and Panara comes through not only with bagels, but other great, fresh bakery items.
The tomato on my burger was actually tasty.
You see that the datepick-format has been set to dd.MM.yyyy and this is relfected in the date set in the input field.
Sure you can go to the Southside, but then you have to deal with the zombie scene.
\n\nThe service is even better than the food.
To address your particular need see which shows how to construct an array which holds objects of only one type; enforcement is dynamic and not static as with parametric types/generics, but that is what you'd be getting with your annotation so it probably matches your particular need in this case.
If you want to replace one character (a space) with two characters (two stars), then your output string becomes larger .
There is also live jazz in the upstairs dining section.
One of the things you might do is to chain promises in your original array of promises, and use map to get promises for each element in array, ie consider this snipet
My toe color hasn't chipped at all.
This was a study the program kind of assignment.
From now on I'm going to stick with WF for all my fresh produce needs (along with a few other specialty items -- some of their frozen Indian food is surprisingly good), but I'll still go to GE for my everyday grocery shopping.\n\nSure, their parking lot is a madhouse, but so is the Market District's.
Here is the code that I am working with:
Simple decor, standard mexican menu, but amazing food.
Our grandchildren LOVE their instructors and the instructors reciprocate.
I did not set using because I want the kernel to fill the IP Header.
That's not as simple as you might think.
Good coffee, nice walking street, good selection of teas and little gifty things, good pastries, *excellent* scones, and it's not that other green-logo'd coffee place.
I was looking for a place to go that wasn't fast food and wasn't the same old-same old.
So far the best Chinese delivery we've had here in Madison.
This url has already been processed and consists of domain name only.
[EDIT] When my has an error, I remove it by adding the following lines: Why?
I was suprised to find out it was only made with lettuces rather than traditional escarole, but it was delicious.\n\nEntrees were also great.
Note : In simply I mean, I want to export extension from one website and import it into another website..
The line was very long on Sunday morning but that's the sign of anything good because everyone wanted to eat there.
Select the sheet with the data.
Output of a typical game might be: Final output - message box that declares player 1 the winner.
If I set the converter in the ItemsSource (see below) then it gets ignored when I next set the items source.
We had a table of three and we waited no longer than 10 minutes.
However, the \""tower\"" appetizers were fantastic!
I realize that seems like no big deal, but I would feel better about the whole experience with a new floor that's easier to clean.
A Brazilian wax may never be a comfortable thing to go through, but I've been seeing Amy and she has always tried to make ripping out hair as painless as possible:)\n\nAll the people who work there are incredibly friendly, and make you feel very comfortable while you're there....even offering up the owners homemade red wine to sip while they style!
Stopped here for a little golf while on vacation.
May somebody can tell me how i can upload a file without this name field?
Who'd have thought in NC that an airport would be so busy.
Also, make sure your controller is actually being called as a service.
Yes it is valid to enter the same critical section while already inside it.
To remove the timezone information but keep it in the local time, you do another afterwards (see this question: <a href="
Inserting a value into a sequential series and then continuing the series Example data series has the sequence seeded with 1 as the initial value, and a step of 1.
Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch.
I am also getting an error like - NameError: global name 'curve' is not defined Segmentation fault (core dumped) Will you please tell me how to get rid of this error.
My favorite bar in the Strip District.
Another one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants.
Once the game starts take your friends over to one of the many northside bars to enjoy the game.
The bartender was cool and the atmosphere was dope too.
So she let me sample some of her favorites and I found that the Kolsch was a winner!!
Also, I wanted to bring my dog along for some company (my husband and daughter stayed home for work/school).
Easy in, easy out...your taste buds will be delighted...and you'll leave with a full belly.\n\nThat's what you're getting here.
I have an alert on the else to prevent them from moving forward if the fields aren't filled out.
Example: Uses to split on a single space.
I tend to leave out all language specific stuff and focus just on the actual algorithmic parts.
Lived in a number of neighborhoods in Pittsburgh and finding that locations best pizza is always a challenge.
Went for dinner with my wife on a Saturday night June 23rd.
The waiters/waitress was alright -- not bad, above average.
\nI came in on Friday night to see Clayborne Park.
I had noticed this pizza place before and had wanted to try it but never really had the chance before today.
But note asking to build and actually building are different things.
How to correctly grab and replace selected text in JavaScript?
My wife and I opted for the Chef's tasting menu, which if memory serves me correct was 9 courses.
Must say that Bulleit Burbon is very hard to find and this place had it.
the rectCenterX = 300 pixels for frames 101 to 200.
The problem is that I've remapped the Leader to be , which is the same key that NERD wants for all of it's hotkeys.
Go to Lot 17, you will not regret it.
We ordered the medium pie and 12\"" hoagie for only $13.
If you want a really real-time(around 200ms) response for your search application, for both the first time search query response and further suggested search response, Hadoop is not a good choice, not even Hive, HBase, or even Impala (or Apache Drill, Google Dremel like system).
The stream therefore looks like L1R1L2R2L3R3......LnRn Both big and little endian audio formats exist, and depend on the use-case.
I really enjoyed my experience at Lidia's.
We ordered the cheese plate to start.
top of the webview, there is an .
Ruby on Rails, is it possible to make the model validation dependent on the input?
If you're not familiar with them, are you from another planet?
My favorite items on the menu are the veggie dogs, pizza, and soft pretzels.
She loved the eggs not such a big fan of the arugula salad (which I have had and liked).
Bring your appetite and leave your attitude at the door.
Here, does not actually invoke the new action, it's still in the create action but rendering the view.
But a young, fun, party like atmosphere.
Extjs 5 - Date picker year only I would like date picker without day or month, just with year.
They have a special going on in March that all dryers are free!
Even if you don't want a full library consider finding a map / dictionary / hashtable for general use.
One of the few reasons I may miss Pittsburgh when I go to grad school.
size: 2 capacity 2 - When the vector's capacity was increased to 2, the first element had to be copied.
I'd say for the baked goods alone they're worth checking out if you haven't been--in that respect they could easily compete with standalone bakeries.\n\nThe prices are extremely low compared to a lot of places around Madison, as well.
We were seated immediately (on a Saturday night!
\n\nIt turned out okay in the end, but it was an interesting evening to say the least.\n\nFood-wise, the pizza and wings are delicious!
The breakfast special here should be enough for most people.
Magento and PrestaShop were really cool.
Note that by default my action is disabled (enabled = false).
I did mention to Nikki this is probably the first time I've ever had anyone \""understand\"" my hair.
A smack of roasted red pepper is quickly deepened by a sweet hit of pomegranate and walnuts, ubelievably complex and wonderful.\n\n- Falafel.
I went to the Strip to buy cheese for a few recipes I was going to try.
My biggest turn-off is downtown parking...you have to park in a parking garage and walk to the restaurant.
However He didn't write the database all too well.
The adjectives that come to mind when I think of Cafe Zinho are cute, quaint, cozy and in a random area.
Or escape the characteres from tags?
\nI'd give it a solid 4 stars.
Ok, here is my DB Member Table memberID- Name -...
I had the Peach Margarita which was delicious but was a little heavy on the peach.
TabBar Support of Three20 iPhone Photo Gallery I wend through this tutorial and created a photo gallery for the iPhone.
They had things like Chittlins, Pig Feet, Oxtails, stuff you don't find anywhere else.
using jquery minicolors in angular.js I am trying to incorporate jquery minicolors in an angular directive.The directive is binded to a textbox with ngModel.
One of the owner seasons all the meat.
However, whenever I'd like to use on its own (outside the context of a Builder) e.g.
I would also recommend using here strings instead of += as they are far more readable.
I have tab widget with me and I want to add pyqtgraph into tab widget, so that this graph will be displayed inside (tab1) widget.
Due to the time constraints, I didn't convert it to include the code snippets you've provided, but if you're still stuck with your own code after taking a look at mine, I'll see what I can do.
If you access property like this you are in fact using setter method( which is auto-created thanks to @synthesize).
If so where in the config will I specify this change.
The program itself consist of two classes and several methods.
My personal favorite is the waffle with strawberries.
Of course, I say all this having gone there for a firm dinner, when everything was free to me.
Great neighborhood place serving breakfast and lunch.
Modify your production.rb file and add this line: That will tell rails that in addition to the application.js which automatically gets compiled and included that you want to also include this other file hover_content.js
Soap, bleach, and detergent dispenser ($0.50) each \n2.
Ok, the prices are just about the same, but they do have a cool selection of items not seen at the big box stores.
Removing schema details from ouput xml and converting into array (Using PHP SoapClient and simplexml_load_string or SimpleXMLElement) I am getting XML response from third party service, Response looks like Stdclass object values $data contains the xml inside the array object $data->resultResponse->any contains below xml format, I am getting below error When this xml using in to SimpleXMLElement or simplexml_load_string for array conversion , For the both $res1 &amp; $res2, I don't want the from that xml.
Try crystal Reports as these are widely used to generate reports and invoices.
I had the Tuscan chicken & 3 cheese.
The service has always been friendly, and it never seems to get as loud in here as it gets in some other places (Shady Grove, I'm looking at you).\n\nI know it might sound strange, but one of the things that I appreciate the most about Cappy's is that it treats its waitresses as waitresses, not as sex symbols.
Is there another rounding function I can use (besides the default round function) to make this value correct?
I've managed to score some unique domestics and imports.
You need a good Chinese delivery wherever you go.
Iterating over records in an ExtJS store and filtering on a specific field I am iterating over records in a store as they come in like so: The item.notificationType property returns undefined.
Have a look in your Locals Window and test if your arrays are correct.
You can make tests with the Wikimapia API to filter the results to your needs.
I recently visited Soba this past weekend on a trip to Pittsburgh and I have been dying to return ever since.
Id imagine the only legit case of this would be if a server socket is in there and you ran a nonblocking connect before?
If I click the John or Doe link, it will send a user_id to the controller and when I click the "View clicked user" link, it will display the last clicked link.
Open "Simulate Location", the same as in step 1, and Your location from GPX file will be available in the list.The name of location will be same same as a name of the file.
Here is an image showing what I am referring to: Current CSS: Here is a fiddle with my code: fiddle
The Code 39 specification defines 43 characters, consisting of uppercase letters (A through Z), numeric digits (0 through 9) and a number of special characters (-, ., $, /, +, %, and space).
Get a bucket of iced tea for a buck and you have lunch for under $5.00.
Everything else was pretty good, but a butternut squash ravioli made the meal.
Every vet my dogs have seen is wonderful...between the three pups I've met with three of the doctors.
Do you mean you want to loop through them?
Can someone help me what is going wrong?
This simple configuration is what in Java is known as a Value Object or Bean.
The last time we were at Mitchell's, I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.
Now when I run the application, it says doesn't exist.
My husband and I shared the Flatbread and the Scallops and for dinner i had the Beef Tenderloin and he got the Duo of Wild Boar.
Because the javascript code above looks suspiciously like Prototype.
I want to populate the second drop down menu on selection of the first and then be able to echo out the selection of the second drop down menu.
me now), or strict vegetarians / vegans.
I'm a big fan of the seared tuna burger.
while merging don't do any comparison just swap the elements.
There were people seated from as close to the kitchen and all the way up the stairs by the sidewalk.
just another promise or whatever it is.
So I was glad to go back for lunch today and get the items I liked last time and taste something new.
Overall, it was a good meal but nothing blew me away.
It was only $54 to rent it out for the day, Perfect!!
I have function that is called every time page is loaded.
Some of the wines are arranged where a certain amount of the proceeds are directed to a local food bank.
EDIT To be clear I have created a ASP.MVC 4 Internet application in visual studio 2012.
Free and much larger than I expected, this botanical garden was a pleasant surprise.
You could take a look at Try repeating the process of increasing the manifest in chunks less than 5MB before updating the cache with and you should be able to pass the 10mb limit
Is it possible to use GPU acceleration on compiling multiple programs on a gcc compiler?
I want to be able to reuse it later and, possible, have others use it too.
\nDon't get me wrong, I don't exclusively shop here, I'm not ballin like that, but it's a great place to go get bulk items, especially for real cooks/bakers & the selection of all natural soaps etc.
You don't say whether you're using a little or big endian system, but I suspect it's probably the former.
\n\nService was great, the refills and warm herb bread with a spicy chili oil kept coming.
Bundler offers this feature with bundle package .
You need to use a (derived) table of values.
Get there early or expect to wait!
I never have time to make appts in advance and because if that I never seem to be able to see the same stylist twice.
Great spot in University City, take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake.
You can read more on how to write custom shaders here: (A great tutorial)] Hope that helps.
I will have to say that delegates still seem strange to me.
This is probably due to float precision (or lack thereof).
Alternatively you could try using something like HPE's Eucalyptus which provides API compatibility with AWS but on premise.
Today he temporarily stopped service to help a little girl find her mother.
\n\nI had the Bratwurst Platte and enjoyed every bit of it.
file: C.hpp file C.cpp file: main.cpp Compiler output:
He was attentive and offered suggestions...
I don't know anything about "yslow" or "phantomjs" and why they are giving you exit code of non-zero, but from "batch" side of things, you need only write at the end of your build step if you want to overwrite the exit code of your command.
So re-iterating back-reference property after modifying should be avoided!!
) and were served water by the waitress right away.
I also, using Solarium , can query the example/collection1 document set from my website.
Run Dependency Walker on both the 32- and 64-bit systems and look up the module name from the log of the successful run.
This is hands down the best burrito place in Charlotte and I am a burrito aficionado.
The crowds are loud, the atmosphere very..
This is by far the best Sushi in Pittsburgh.
Yes, I know this sounds dumb, but for someone who dances all the time and am 99% of my life physically tired, I HATE.
When you are inside the library itself, you're in a different scope, where the property doesn't exist ...
How to get a tuple based on list of template templates of variable size in C++?
By putting the deletion inside the you should be able to close the database connection and track the deletion state in a way that you know that you need to recreate the database file.
The wait staff is always top notch, the bier is fantastic, the environment is friendly and pleasant; the food is spectacular.
Yelp has sent us to Huddle.
However, the headboard was only loosely connected to the bed and - well, let's just say noisy.\n\nWe only stayed one night, so can't expand too much.
It is unnecessary as you can just write It isn't really worthy of its own function.
Pickle Trained Classifier Only Return 1 Predicted Label to All Test Data I'm having trouble about pickle trained classifier.
Square Pizza is a great Pittsburgh area thing that alot of people just don't understand Beto's is new to me there is Tons of Cheese and Pepperoni and great Sauce very generous with toppings a little expensive but well worth it.
The element must be in the document in order to alter its form owner
The food is unforgettable, but unfortunately so is the bill.
My favorite things to eat in life are potato products.\n-My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast, with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo
Would a linq query like this be faster:
Use flag to strip line breaks Use 90 quality when compressing will greatly reduce the output size.
Delphi 7) behaved in exactly the same way.
\n\nI would give 5 stars for the food deliciousness level, but i would give 3 stars for the wait.
John and the guys are always pleasant, the food is always made fresh to order and the prices are very reasonable.
I always feel waiting for a table is more of a positive than a negative as it usually means good things are to come.
Drinks: 3\nDecor: 4.5\nAmbiance: 5\nService: 3.5\nValue: 4
If you plan to update the UI thread, or otherwise reference an activity or fragment in the callbacks that reference the UI thread (i.e.
You really should not be calling asynchronous functions inside a synchronous loop.
He takes pride in his work and makes sure the customer is satisfied with the piece before leaving the shop.
The above expression is masking 7, 8, and 9-digit numbers.
Another way to do this is to wrap all the parameter values in a POJO and use the builder pattern.
SQLite Database - Persist data in tables within an application specific database.
The Inferno plays goth, industrial, etc music.
Note : it will not work with negative value.
With a bit of red beans and rice, which is a deceptively simple dish.\n\nThe waitress brought over a couple of spiciness levels of jamaican jerk sauces in squeeze bottles without us having to ask.
I want to check if the folder is exist or not on dropbox in order to I will create one and upload file on it after that.
Try (untested): The same thing I did with "datasize" should work for every information you'd like to get, despite the ones having a different format (like duration and the stream info with the audio bitrate inside)
There are a lot of kitchen items, dishes and vintage toys.
I think often times people forget about taking the train...in fact I'm guilty of it too...whenever I'm planning a trip I'm thinking airplane, car...even boat but not train!
Also if you expect a "document" back then you should be using as just modifies the content and returns the number affected.
On transposing i use a 1000 * 5 .
That's attention to detail.\n\nSue was great when we went on to make the deal - she was clear, concise, and was not pushy.
Never had a lost bag (knock on wood!) A note to all travelers, please....check your bags.
Firebird embedded About: Firebird is an open source relational database offering many ANSI SQL-99 features that runs on Linux, Windows, and a variety of Unix platforms.
Their aged steaks are cooked and seasoned to perfection.
However there is one ('public') subroutine where I need the best possible performance and very low latency, so I would prefer to use a C method.
The only issue that I had was that I had forgotten to pick up the direct contact information when I was in the office, and it was hard to get in contact with someone via the main line.
Screaming & being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet.
It's only because I needed a connecting flight to Fort Lauderdale, Florida that I even came here.
What is the right syntax to change precision of numeric in PostgreSQL?
The food (chicken parm) was good.
Or you could try using your own Image to create a double buffered effect.
For subdomains in routes check this guide to domain routing When you have it set up.
If it's possible then kindly direct me to some ajax code.
It should be :- You have missed [ after order
My best suggestion would be to park in one of the nearby structures, bc there really isn't street parking.
Users will typically be pasting data that was copied from a list on a web page.
We had ordered both at a level 8, and as I said, I couldn't really detect any spice at all.
I've added this global rule to your jsfiddle: and it all works how you intended.
I can't seem to find an answer to this exact question.
a bit to check out the rest of the Uptown area, and it was no more than 10-15 minutes walking to the different restaurants.\n\nFor a Westin, it is one of the newer ones I've been to.
The most obvious tool would be SQL Profiler.
\n\nEach room us a suite equipped with a small kitchen, living room and bedroom.
I am not a person who can afford to pay some huge premium to buy the same thing at a small store that I can buy cheaper online, but he disabused me of that prejudice that the big online retailer was always going to be cheaper or the better value, even when compared with a store in a wealthy suburb like Mt.
However, my problem is when I make a certain move, the computer sometimes places a move and sometimes get skipped.
(He went to the one on the Strip -- I asked.)\n\nThis particular location is in the Walnut Street shopping district, and it's not terribly large.
So I bring a more complete piece of code:
We were told they would let us have a table as long as we could eat and be done by 6:00.
It only knows about the real definition of the struct.
Often times groups are hard to manage and the food takes very long, but not in this case!
What I love most about KAM is that I've had some great conversations standing around the lobby of a show and there's no snotty art culture where people blather on about \""high art\"" and how it's so much better than anything and everyone.
Given an instance of any class type, how to find out which parent class and/or traits it inherits from or implements?
Also only carry the more eco-friendly cat litters - no Tidy Cats here!
Run MRJob from IPython notebook I'm trying to run mrjob example from IPython notebook then run it with code and getting the error: Is there way to run mrjob from IPython notebook?
Like this: More detailed description can you find e.g.
Would it be best to put the response into a string then just bring it to the browser?
And will we ever need to use a line of code like this one?
I have been to Casbah for dinner and drinks a few times.
LaVecchia's came recommended by a business associate as a nice place with great food in convenient location.
Change it to support navigation like this:
\n\nThey matched and fixed everything and polished it to an amazing shine.
I cannot find everything I need to cook a quality meal at any other single store.
Man, I've had this place bookmarked almost since I first found Yelp in Charlotte.
Better off just having steamed crab legs instead.
I can't wait to come back to IL to get another bowl of this soup, its my comfort food when I am on the road for recruiting.
The actual process was quick and painless and it looks awesome.
There is no need for any allocation from your side.
Well, of course some item might not be in a category, but how do I show the empty Category as well?
I reviewed the reference source here which shows that GetSqlType is executed to determine the function to call in a later GetValue() call.
Here is an example extracted from this link :
Look at how Spring does it, they have already figured out all this stuff and there is no need to re-invent it.
i have never been in a hampton inn this nice!
PF Chang's (if you can help it).
Our CC.Net servers I make changes to about every 5 minutes while I'm working on setting up a project and have never seen this error.
The decor is amazing and so is the food.
With reflector I finally found the place in the framework, where my is being swallowed: is called by , which is still returning the outcome of .
They are just closing the window.
One mention, and I'd be heading that way...
Guess we'll just have to come back....
They have a small but respectable beer slection with different specials every day.
Still, despite my membership, I do not visit that much because it is always overcrowded and very hard if not impossible to get any seating during popular times ( Friday, Saturday, certain week nights).
But if $650 is too much for you to handle, you can take ANY class offered.
But I am confused about the meaning of which I understood to mean "some type below in the type hierarchy." is some type below in the type hierarchy, so I would expect to conform to .
The bar is well stocked and has many varieties of beer .
Or to put it in a better way, give ing for both.
I was in a hurry, and had to get the car fixed by the end of a Saturday.
She is absolutely fantastic - willing to listen to all of your crazy ideas and the prices at Paddy Cake are very reasonable.
I'll be moving for grad school soon, and I can honestly say I will miss Walter's.
Drupal Commerce - Paypal Payment I'm looking for a explanation about how the Paypal Sandbox works.
If compilation-parse-errors-filename-function is not getting called, then you want to add a list to (that does say alist-alist, that is not a typo) which is a list of mode names followed by regular expressions to match errors, and numerical indexes of the matching line number, filename etc.
You can try: This will show you all the fonts that are loaded.
Still not sure how they wrapped it but they did.
Maybe it is a little 80'ish looking on the design, but who doesn't love a place where you are taken back Miami Vice and shoulder pads in your leather jacket.
Looks like you were having a different issue, but if anyone is having CORS errors that show up a few minutes after a request is made this would be worth looking into.
Even though most of them are schema less, are there methods to appropriate relationships onto a key value store?
we order delivery from here at least once a week, the food is good and the delivery is better :) i love the cashew chicken...mmm..and shrimp egg rolls...
I had the miso soup and it was spot on - goooood.
Only option you have is to use class.
I tested with Visual Studio 2008 and .NET 2.0 and .NET 3.5.
Raspberry Pi 3 PiCamera Still Frame Rate I'm working with a Raspberry Pi 3 that has a ribbon PiCamera.
When in the burgh go to Max and Erma's for a garbage burger!
I was skeptical about going to a typical pizza shop during a food tour in Bloomfield, but boy was I wrong.
So come and visit one of the many shows at the Benedum.
But still, when I look at my browser's cookies, I see a lot of data stored in them.
But it comes at a cost.
Warning that "unknown addresses are found in partition table" When using Hazelcast, I get warnings like: What is the cause, and do I have to take actions to avoid these warnings?
In my application, the camera acts like a scanner using only a single row of each frame to watch things go by.
The drinks are priced right and the service is friendly.
Here's a working example for you
Needs appointment, my first and only haircut in America in 3 years.\nGot my hair cut short and took care of the split ends.
PHP with CURL and SSL work fine in PHP5.6 Note: Strangely in php5.4 works perfectly.
a sick friend) and they will personally construct the gift basket and deliver it if not too far away Worked perfectly for me and--again--they are very nice.
And it's nice that there aren't many of us because we can sit up close.
Which I am guessing would require a change in how the Query Engine deals with queries sent to it.
I haven't seen a lick of the TV series, Walking Dead so I admit I'm missing something but this game was just plain boring in my book.
I don't know if it is related, I had a lot of trouble with embedded script in jade file.
\n\nThe vet techs were all professional and cheerful.
I use X-editable - In-place editing with Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI or pure jQuery This library allows you to create editable elements on your page.
Good old fashioned diner food with a generous all you can eat prime rib and butterfly shrimp on Saturdays.
now: 2016-01-15T18:10:48.143-05:00[America/Montreal] thisWeekStart: 2016-01-11T00:00-05:00[America/Montreal] nextWeekStart: 2016-01-18T00:00-05:00[America/Montreal] interval: 2016-01-11T05:00:00Z/2016-01-18T05:00:00Z You can determine the week-of-year as defined by the ISO 8601 standard.
Love lunch buffet, and you can in fact grab a solid dinner as well.
There isn't even multiple possible orders of evaluation!
Don't go in expecting much, just amazing food at great prices.
I went into and got a dump of the view hierarchy, which gave me a snapshot.
We just bought our first Lexus from Hendrick Lexus on Independence Blvd in Charlotte.
Forget about parking- there are three spots on the side of the building and perilious street parking on the hill.
The entire place is clean and sparkly, like new.
$3 lunches isn't bad at all.\n\nOther notes: The tofu chicken is really good (part of the salad bar)!
*\n\nIn more than three years only two garments have come back less than perfect and Rosa offered to fix them free of charge both times.
So the above data set will return something like this One important thing to mention that I can't change the order of this list so I have to count it top to bottom to be able to check for consecutive rows.
The in-house ground beef is so much better than what those trendy burger bars are offering right now.
I've been seeing Richard at Dean of Shadyside for 2.5 years.
Please check the name of the file and the linux server is case sensitive.
It's also possible to alter the user's database within that onUpgrade method.
But it's $17 for TWO pounds which isn't too overpriced especially since it can feed a tableful of friends.
They were very accommodating and solicitous of our feedback.
I think this will solve the prob please check
Then, the different piers/terminals are ridiculously laid out.
Add your reload data call to yet another NSOperation, which has as its dependencies (see ) the other five operations.
I hope in the future we can get a seat more in the middle perhaps alleviating this small issue.
The staff was very kind and caring even when the diagnosis was not positive.
For example I have some backends defined: Then in I set the host and the correct backend: www.site1.co.uk works, as does www.site2.co.uk, but www.site3.com and www.site4.net both show the content for www.site2.co.uk - it's like its ignoring my backend and just using the same one for certain sites.
\n\nI would however recommend this place to any foodie type who knows that sometimes you have to look past some of the details to find the gems.
It's very nice and clean, and the location can't be beat.
according documentation the function takes the the reference as argument with whatever url it was set up with.
Consider relational databases as well, as they are sometimes far more suited for what you are trying to accomplish.
$20 for all you can eat buffet!
after seeing The Nutcracker at the Benedum last Fri.
Why is Apple's init method not calling super.init() isn't it a must have?
Now, I was livin' large!\nAll kidding aside, the staff was friendly, professional, and attentive.
Came with the family of 5 for lunch on Sunday.
But other browsers can do it however they like.
There's only one Sams on the Northside and whenever you go in there on a Sunday, it's going to be crowded.
Where and why better to define such methods like itself or ?
I like it here, but the service isn't always great.
Imagine spending all day pushing a cart up and down store aisles unable to make solid decisions because of your ravenous hunger.
By considering only higher order term we can easily find the upper bound, here is the example.
How many times we thought of trying this one out..
A few things to be aware of: This route should be placed last , otherwise you won't be able to hit any other routes.
The setCharacterAttributes method on the StyledDocument object allows you to set for a specific character range, a set of attributes, which can include BOLD.
I must say this was a very delicious way to start the meal!
so was my teenager daughter (she was picky but she loved her order very much).
I´m trying for hours now and can´t get it to work...
where rgb(255,255,255) is string but $(it).parent().css('background-color') it is not string so....
When the field is already on focus, text selection should be available.
However, the capability has been suppressed for third-party apps in iOS 5.1.
Also, the raptor center is pretty cool - took my son a couple of years ago and will be taking him again this year now that he's a little older.
[Line: 4 Position: 36] Here's the generated XAML code: and here's the XAML code that I'm currently using in my page (this one's working): To generate the XAML I'm using this C# code: What's wrong with it?
\nI would agree that the vehicles always seem to have dirty windshields, particularly on the inside.
If you just began, restart your project.
Food was good but IIRC, the portions are small -- you end up spending a lot of money in order to feel moderately full.
love their drinks and they have good food.
Can I save the list of students with each Classroom?
This is the first time I've been here.
I wasn't able to derive the logic first but then I switched back to basics and derived the for calculation the sum &amp; carry for a 3 bit operation and here is the solution: and here is the code for :
\n\nWhen we excitedly told the wait staff we were celebrating my birthday with them, they brought me a complimentary flour-less chocolate cake which was absolutely incredible.
My query is like this: The problem is that the node I'm searching isn't direct children of parent node.
\n\nThe reason for the 4 star review is the guy who owns the place is often in the laundromat, saying hi to the customers and making sure every thing is running great.
Hitting Max number of files and blobs for Google App Engine When trying to deploy my application: I'm getting: How do I solve this?
And then redraw when they become visible again.
After using Hertz for 10+ years in Charlotte, I noticed the service and cars decline tremendously.
I found there selection very good they carry the whole selection from seed savers and a good amount from baker creek as well as a number of others.
We arrived early as they are first come first serve even on Holidays.
So, when I start the program I receive a reasonable estimate on the distance.
I always get take out so I can't speak to the dine-in experience.
But if I do in server.php , it shows me all the data.
For my first dinner in Charlotte, I was def satisfied.\n\nPrices are decent, and the service is good.\n\nParking can be a little tough.
Found our table, and service was immediate-friendly, attentive, and just exceptional.
So I figured this would lead to a very unbalanced tree and therefore slow searching.
Why does compilation of my class 'A' not generate warning C4251 (class 'std::vector&lt;_Ty>' needs to have dll-interface to be used by clients of...)?
Their margaritas are really tasty too:-) I recommend going to eat here.
You can do that : And I think, it's a more readable way..
I've done some research and it seems that "splitting" the Access DB might work to allow teachers to simultaneously edit (only a maximum of 6 users will be editing at the same time).
This is a jQuery call and it gets called when a document gets loaded.
I'm noticing a large performance difference between std::vector and boost::stable_vector.
The produce section is well managed, and the greens are fresh, many are locally sourced.
First of all, Sarah was the most awesome waitress!!!
You should show us code of function.
This three-step approach might get you the desired result:
For the entree I chose the New York Strip Pepper Steak and it was prepared perfectly.
If you are up in Charlotte, I wouldn't both coming all the way down.\n\nStaff's always been friendly, and one of the big guys there always seems to remember what I ordered last time, even if it's been a few weeks.
For a more complete example that performs key derivation in addition to the AES encryption, see the answer and links posted in .
Are there any other tools I can easily use for this purpose?
We arrived and quickly valeted the car.
\n\nBiggest recommendations: The cornbread is to die for!!!
Yes, you might run into trouble.
Would you recommend to use an Android Service that is running in the background to launch the app?
Structural typing refers to the ability of the type system to express types that include all values that have certain structural properties.
Dexter's recovered nicely, and as luck would have it, our table became available soon after we grabbed round 2 of drinks.
When you get into the $10 range for lunch uptown you start to have a lot of options at your dissposal.
Related to , and a discussion of the technique in , I am now trying to get to work with content served by a via and .
It holds-up without flopping over, even when piping hot, and it's always perfectly cooked, without being burned or overly charred.
It's because when you have comments you print new one.
After intermittent shopping at the Harris Teeter in which Chi Thai is located, and reading a few other reviews, the time was nigh to check out the grub!
I have tried creating an attribute like this which throws an error and this which does nothing.
Lots of it and dirt cheap.
EDIT: Thanks to comments, i just realized i call populate() after every addOverlay(MyOverlayItem myoverlay) function call.
They are located behind the kitchen and when I checked the floors leading to the restrooms were sticky, presumably from spilled food/drink.\n-The portion sizes are not consistent.
Nothing like a Frosted Grape martini and exposed brick to make you feel like a class act.
Cocktail dresses should NOT be worn with flip-flops, ladies, and disco ball-inspired clothing IS as ridiculous as it sounds.
They're cheap and they give you tons of food.
We'll keep it on the list and hopefully they'll be more consistent.
I would recommend either the red or green curry as both are spicy, flavorful and contain meat and tons of fresh veggies.
But, looking at that library, it seems that they're using the old REST API that is being deprecated, (i.e.., URL instead of ) I would either (1) contact them to see if they will update the library soon or (2) use another library (such as the android-facebook-sdk ).
All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.
Good service, clean place, and the noodles...
At runtime, I then added some values to the first datagridview, and when I clicked the button to bring up the dialog, the changes were reflected.
I have used @Resource and it seems to work but it doesn't support static fields.
Its my first time at this airport..
They really shine in the dessert area though, the bread pudding Brioche was absolutely fabulous.
The appetizers were wonderful, some kind of mini pizza bread, hummus plate, calamari, etc.
I also got a boozy cappuccino to go with my dessert.
You can do a form posting on a click event on a div with the help of a little javascript.
Overall, I would recommend Miguel's for someone looking for a Mexican food alternative to the national chains.
You can use another filter to specify if the pipe is shown and even pass arguments through it:
Searching a text value in multiple excel files and copying below cell value to master file I was working with a code to extract data from multiple excel files in a folder from muliple cells and paste the extracted values to a master file.
The food and service was excellent.
Then write the call programmatically .
Indeed, if you're a seafood fan, this is your place.
Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.
The staff were knowledgable and friendly, without being pushy or trying to force him into choosing something he didn't like because they are \""trendy\"" (it's happened to us before!) They were also running a special, so we got $100 off the frames and lenses, which really helps when your insurance only covers the exam.
It will manage all thing all that need is proper connection with DB and selection of tables.
Now that they are back in action, the restaurant is better than ever!
The cheese section in particular blows me away with the variety every time.
Gson is fundamentally built to inspect the type of the object you want to populate in order to determine how to parse the data.
I felt so comfortable that I felt convinced that I should buy a ring from Browne's.
Everything I tried was better than the rest.
You can also bind by CssClass ( $('.showHide') ) (see @PraveenVenu's answer) but this will bind the function to all elements that use this css class.
In fact, he said they could do it for about $200 under my budget!!
Now you could zoom to bounds with .newLatLngBounds() method: It will move and zoom to given bounds, so they all visible on a screen (e.g.
but the underscore usage is restricted to be in between two numeric digits, i.e not at the beginning or ending of the numeric values but should be confined between two digits, should not be as a prefix to l,f used to represent long and float values and not in between radix prefixes also.
I can select button links to websites and even use the phone back button to go back to the main page.
Of course this works only within the app, not in the settings app.
It's only a few dollars more for non-residents so if you are visiting from out of town and want to keep your training going, stay at the Hampton or the Hilton for easy access to the MAC.\n\nI have to admit that the facility is old.
As for prices, well like most cigar bars you will pay for the privilege to smoke indoors.
I figured she'd just tell me if she happened to have a few suggestions.\n\nSome people, it seems, just like a challenge.\n\nWhen I saw her that evening, Monica had walked up to the Strip District to canvas all the tchotchkie-mongers and tourist traps.
I would definitely go back, but not any time soon.
But, oh my, it was tasty.
I can still log in when connecting to the same db with the .net 3.5 version, but only to the old accounts, not the new ones created with the .net 4.0 version.
\n\n3rd example\nusually the irish nachos are covered in toppings, most recent time hardly any.
Do I interact with he service differently once started?
There is always room for improvement but these guys did a great job.
Is it any different to performing a regular 301 redirect using IIS?
The only regret is they don't have mango lassi on their menu.
the shape is a Concave Curve, is this possible?
You could transform the data you received into an and add it to a controller property.
They always explain the problem, and have always finished on schedule or ahead of schedule for me.
Is this what is causing my issue?
WPF Master -Detail Binding XElement I have a XElement that has the following structure I have one Listbox named "documents" that is bound to an XElement in the following manner: I want to have a second ListBox named "pages" whose ItemsSource is the pages based on the selected document in the first list box.
THINGS WORKING: However, from server's console, if I access , it works.
A more elegant and re-usable way would be to create a helper class that is a DependencyObject.
Are you trying to do different things if the objects in the array are of different classes?
Tessaro's is so old school it hurts.
The hot dogs are piled on high with the best, fattiest stuff I can muster up, and the beer selection is one of the best in Allegheny Co.
The valet, the front desk people, the Concierge, and even one of the managers.
My husband had the tonkatsu ramen and was pretty satisfied.\n\nThe service staff is so very nice and cheerful.
Eventually the linker links and optimizes all the bitcode files into one final binary.
There are many "wish wash" books out their for java, but if you really want to get into it read This
However, this is the only place in the area that has Delirium Tremens on tap.\n\nThey don't serve food here either so plan on getting messed up if you don't eat anything before you go.
As out of town visitors we were very pleased to find the Waldhorn, and plan to visit again.
Mac and cheese was very good.
I also enjoyed the new cocktail menu.
In Android Studio how to create jar Including other jar libraries In android studio, i'm trying to create .jar file of my library and it contains another .jar dependancies.
In all its simplicity, it's perfect.\n\nThe salsa - I've disappointed all over Madison with other Mexican restaurant's salsa, and even for that matter, all over the Midwest and parts of California.
If you are in the market for a Cannondale in the South Hills this place has better customer service BY FAR than the other South Hills Cannondale dealer.
Xml Parsing to android ListView Using IBM example Im trying to make a Manga Rss-Reader app using the XmlPullParser that was used in this IBM example .
I defined a section in partial view and I want to specify the content of section from view.
If you're trying to make sense of MIDI files then I would recommend using a separate tool such as Python-MIDI or GNMidi as a sanity checker whenever there's a MIDI event you can't make sense of.
I only buy the store brand unless I need something special for a recipe, and my bill is consistently less than anything I bought at Market District.
I'm pretty sure, in fact, that the Saucer was created for people exactly like me.\n\nWalking into the door I instantly get the same feeling of the hole-in-the-wall pubs I frequented back in college - just much larger.
The prices may be a bit much for some, but most of the people that shop here-in my opinion-seem to be savvy enough to work it out and get what they need without breaking the bank.
There were tons of learning activities and seating found throughout the portion I was able to visit.
Thanks a lot for help :-)
I could see the total number of the elements, but not the content.
Sure Since you don't care which value you get, you could also use or many other aggregate functions instead of .
I would look at the log, see what user agent googlebot is using at the time when the error occurrs and follow the exact same path it did with your user agent changed.
I don't think this breaks OO principles in any way or that is bad design.
Also how would I share information like a string from the the BroadcastReceiver to the service to that it is info to display in the notification?
I've seen Harper's sitting there across from South Park Mall for quite some time.
turkey was a bit dry but large enough portions for leftovers for sure which was nice.
Pretty authentic NY Style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side.
We love the Gobi Aloo and chicken masala, we will be back to try other dishes.
I want the jpane with radiobuttons to close in the do statement.
As long as those are open, you can write data or read from them.
Over the past 4 years or so, my rating for Soba has regularly swung between 3-4 stars.
The potato salad is also delicious!
When I pasted manually command, it works.
When asked for type, expand the folder icon and choose .
This is an excellent, boutique hotel for anyone who has business or pleasure travel in Uptown Charlotte.
I definitely would recommend it anytime you're in town!
First get the Type object using Then use to get a generic type.
However, she showed me different options and offered her advice and suggestions.
Sesame beef and Lo Mein is a favorite of ours.
Overall, I had a good experience.
We ate upstairs at the table facing the window and it was a nice spot to relax and people watch.
I guess the (try to rename the variable to , I think that is more appropriate) has lots of items, working example from
It is a Regent Square staple, and the folks that come here seem to be staples as well.
Tim poked around, figured out it was the gas cap, and sent me on my way without charging.
Next up, blackened pork tenderloin with fried plantains.
Create a promise for each of the tasks that should execute in series.
Juan is an extremely nice server.
However, Perl combines a lot of features that you usually don't find in the same programming language.
How do you set different scale limits for different facets?
Being that I had to be back for a 1:00 meeting I called my order in around 11:55 and was told 15 minutes.
Come here Thursday's for \""Logo Night.\"" The beer is cheaper and at the end it all you get to stagger home with a bar glass.
No overload for method 'form3' takes '0' arguments C# I have used this method on form2 to get values over to form3: But now every time I want to use that I get "no overload for method 'form3' takes '0' arguments".
So with this URL: www.example.com/OData.svc/File/Data/$value (which returns just the binary data) We can create a URL connection and download it:
In that case you need to iterate through each $row result, something like: On a side note: It looks like the key definition inside the arrays is not logical, why not have the same key value for the "novhigh" element?
EDIT FOR CLARIFICATION #2: The HTML in question is getting set as the value for a hidden field like this .
Yes, Pho Minh is a bit divey, and I relish this quality.
If you use the filterable widget on a table, the widget will filter table rows , so to make it work with any kind of table cell content (text, input) you should use the -attribute and set the text to be queried on the table row like so: This way it will work.
C++ compiler work in top to bottom approach.
Scallops with potatoes and corn hash and some lovely mushrooms as well.
The mashed taters were lumpy like I like it.
The food is very good and consistent.
Im very new to these frameworks and also to js in general.
As numerous people have pointed out, Walter's is indeed a great repair shop.
For those not in the know, Fred Rogers was from Pittsburgh, so of course there will be a great display of his world somewhere in the city.
I hear the brunch is amazing and super affordable.
Vegetables were also very, very good.
Most lounges are simple, bare-bones and offer only just enough.
Thank you, Fortunes!\n\nThis place is definately great to grab a good book and chill out for an afternoon on the Strip District!
i travel a lot and no matter what city i find myself in, i make sure to hit up a bbq spot at least once during the trip.
It's nicer, bigger and has a better selection of ready made foods.
Would you have known that by driving around this city?
Well I can say I came to Pittsburgh and finally tried the famous sandwich.
\n\nOther things I like about the Saucer:\nPlenty of parking\nGreat service\nNice staff\nKids are welcome\n\nCertainly worth a trip if you're in the area.
Note - the rules here are not the same rules you used, but it's the same principle; as players get more strength, they become more immune to attack, and their attacks become stronger.
Here is a MSDN article about triggers:
The food was much more than I anticipated...
As we got out of our car, an older gentleman told us how good it was.
I receive error message when run JNI android app A/libc﹕ Fatal signal 11 (SIGSEGV) at 0xdeadd00d (code=1), thread 17729 I got an error when i run android app that I use JNI functions and c++ code in it.
Does anyone know how to do it with this IDE?
As is sorta shown by A user has one uid and one gid.
I had made it a point to never eat fish in a Pittsburgh restaurant but Casbah changed my mind.
The price and freshness of the produce here is on par with most of the other vendors in the strip district.
Try this in the place of while loop:
Everyone was very friendly and accommodated my needs, particularly to return the car to a different location.
Purportedly a BBQ place, but I wouldn't come here for that.
The code for that looks like...
to die for!\n\nLet me tell you about this ravioli!\nThey were not \""doughey\"" at all; they were perfect!\nVery thin pasta, but none were broken!\nDelicate and perfectly filled with the most amazing cheese.\nThe butter/thyme sauce wasn't the least bit overwhelming!\nIt was the perfect compliment to this dish!\n...just thinking about it makes me want to go back to Lidia's NOW!\n**My Faves Here: OBVIOUSLY the Goat Cheese Ravioli!\n**My Least Fave: The Orcchiette dish.
The hotel was very clean and the staff was very good.
notifications_controller The notifications are based on if a user comments on one of your habits or values: comment.rb I followed this tutorial but it is based on using just one model: UPDATE FOR VALADAN
Additionally, the "loop" block device is another example of a kernel facility which does file IO.
no place to do situps, no yoga type mats, small and crowded room without a clock on the wall!
It amazes me that hotel reviews rarely mention the bed.
That is what causing the problem.
Android reserves the right to kill any application or component that isn't visible to the user (even those can be killed, but it's a rare occurrence).
The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty.
Here is code: This code work's just fine!
\n\nOnly complaint was the seating was tight.
1) You need to either use IIS Debug tool 2) Or build and use a module to get the details.
In more complex algorithms you will even find things like “Get minimum spanning tree for XY” which would be a whole different problem for which again multiple different solutions exist.
Our current thought is to push the audit requests to a Queue after the Wiretap.
I've been editing the Ebay classes and adding my own and everything seemed fine.
I initially thought it was because if firewall but when video call worked I was puzzled .
I always have great, prompt service and the same window seat every time I come here.
Thank you ExpandedCell.h ExpandedCell.m ExpandedViewController.m .
How do I fix the linking of the cmake test program?
Damn, that was the best cup of Joe I ever had.
The staff at all the food and drink stands was really friendly and quick!\n\nWisco fans everywhere are pretty chill but even more so here!
But, some people said that this is older technology, google doesn't like iframes, etc.
I like it, I use it often.\n\nGo early Saturdays...
These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world.
Where the output should be , your code only outputs the part.
There is a URL available that will return just the binary data.
So my questions are: Is it possible to put the scripts folder and my angular app files inside the wwwroot folder instead of in the root of my project?
It was our first time in Pittsburgh, so we wanted something close to him.
I have created a form that appears when a button is pressed.
I'm looking for a solution for ASMX web services.
Reminds me of places in Japan.
In this example however, it fails after 4 times.
How come this isn't getting updated?
I am working for 5 days to solve WebRTC DTLS Server Mode Negotiation for Google Chrome.
The sauce on the dipped chicken is somewhere between a buffalo style and bbq sauce.
First of all, I will assume that this is homework and you must not use .
\n\nThe only negatives are the lack of free breakfast (though they offer coffee in the lobby) and the $22 rate per day for valet parking.
The Fabrication gem documentation for defining fabricators seems to indicate that this will work for both directions in a / relationship, and you can pass to get n objects: The documentation is pretty good; I would recommend checking it out and then experimenting :)
Your IAM role only gives access to GetObject and ListObject.
I am showing only one dataset on the view.
Don't park in the one way parking area or you will get stuck in traffic.
Creating a simple li slider (infinate or with 'rewind'/stop) So far I've got scrolling list items on click using the code below: Each list item is 960px wide , items are floated left and only one item is shown in the container at any given time.
the printfn "no format" overload is not working for this work-around.
For the crosstab: - Grouping Fields: Name - Header Field: Product - Data Field: Value Methodologies: Concatenate
Looking for something fun to do with the whole family or a group of friends?
This is a great place to study or to get your post-workout smoothie!\n\nThe ambiance is great for studying, just loud enough to keep me from feeling antsy and quiet enough that I don't get annoyed by other patrons.\n\nThis is possibly the best cafe for a balance of coffee and food.
Try to understand what have come far from iOS 6 &amp; whats new in iOS7.
append value to textbox on changing dynamic selectbox I have created a dynamic bootstrap form.
Go to Settings > General > Date &amp; Time and set the date ahead a day or more.
If you can, use OpenGL headers/bindings that only expose symbols in the version you are targeting.
The satellite beer tubs are cash only.\n\nWin or lose, this is my happy place.
Is there a way to stop it running as soon as the page loads?
to actually get the response you must add: don't scrape google, even to test, they actively detect and stop this
I thought it would be a good one to see, but it was a little overwhelming in that it wasn't truly an IMax film...it was just a regular movie shown BIG.
You call each controllers "view" property to get out the view, which you add as a subview of a container view you have under the tabs.
Telegram Bot API: How to avoid Integer overflow in updates id?
I gladly make use of ThreeTen-Extra, but you must make your own risk-benefit decision.
Example: using a username of “git” resulted in this in the authorized key After changing to user name “gitosis” it looks like this To fix I created a user gitosis with home dir of /home/gitosis and ran the git-init script again.
I am glad I didn't use views that much in Oracle.
Example of use on a line of code: This ensures that every new incoming Http Request will get its own copy of that implementation (resolved and injected hopefully via an interface).
That's pretty much all I can say.
It may not be the most significant airport in the world, but it's a pleasure to travel through.
Here's what it looks like: Please, can someone help?
Class 'PhpOffice\PhpWord\Settings' not found in app/code/core/Mage/Core/Model/Config.php on line 1348 After upgraded to PHP 7, my website magento print order using PhpWord library not working.
In terms of accommodations -- this place was very nice!
I enjoyed it but wasn't overly impressed.
Inserting value into an array using key value I have already fetched both key and value in array.how can I insert that value into another array in the same key position using that fetched key value.
Or perhaps there is something glaringly obvious that i'm missing here.
The UI or GUI suffix is frequently used for user interface objects.
Service was very fast and very attentive, and very nice.
I'm going to make a guess and assume that your code looks similar to the MapView example: If that's the case, the problem is that the location is retrieved very late.
4 then you can create database with same name and import your database successfully .
I haven't been here in several months, but I used to dine here regularly when I lived in C-U.
Put anywhere a script (so no powershell involved there) with the following content: Make sure is correctly set, because Git will look for your global git config there.
The bar area was not huge, but I could see it being a fun atmosphere later on in the night.
New products appear frequently (exciting for a regular visitor)\n\nd.
but I'll bear that much for a $12 fix up
The recommended way is fully documented here .
I would use GCD for this purpose, please refer to this tutorial or to apple documentation : This would optimize the number of threads according to the device capabilibilities and eliminate unnecessary thread allocations.
It's actually surprising how many routes they managed to plan out for the size of the place, there's more than enough to keep the walls feeling fresh even after many climbs.
but it could be a long jaunt for some.
When you walk into the theater, the seats are comfy and no matter where you chose you have a good view of the stage...I appreciated that very much!
The h values need to be adjusted for the three cases prior to calculating the cos values dependent on them.
If not, I will keep those share buttons.
Why does my CLR function keep disappearing I am a rookie to SQL and here is my questions.
Bummed that wifi is not free (especially when my wireless card is having issues).
i started with the lobster bisque which was average at best.
Great Wall of China is a nice place.
Complete with ";" So, you have type "this.d TAB (someS TAB TAB ;" There is no way to do what you exactly want, but with TAB you can save much typing.
It was like being a nice restaurant and the chef coming out to check on how your meal was.
Those are exceptions though.) Generally speaking, the compile step isn't the issue -- the limited resources and special requirements of the target device are.
Our room was clean & comfortable.
Here is another question on the subject: Update: I'm editing my answer based on Derrick's answer and your comment about it.
So when I eat there, I'm not anticipating dissapointment or spectacular, but I am expecting constantcy.
This is kind of living proof that Pittsburgh is indeed stuck in 1979, but in this case, in a GOOD way.
Though I am not a wine drinker, it is pretty extensive.
Post things on their wall that include links to external sites.
It jumps directly to the next line, which is asking for hours worked.
Changing XML to JSON in PHP My site was pulling in a shopping API, using XML, and I'd like to switch it to the Google Shopping API, which uses JSON or Atom.
So props to cultural trust or whomever for keeping this one going....
Don't use string comparisons for date/times.
In case you wont get proper drivers for your tablet you can try adb over network.
I use to trace the problem.
Can I escape a color code in Powershell so I do not need to use -ForeGroundColor?
) and change the selector to You should not use the existing checkbox ID if you have more than one widget, as element IDs should be unique for the whole document.
\nTo be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner.
Using PHPUnit installed globally with Silex project I have global PHPUnit composer installation in I want to use this installation to run tests from Silex application.
However in this situation, what is the meaning of the in the expected argument type?
Didn't have to worry about security as we were in the same wing.
Try changing the type of from to .
After looking for an occasion to go here for a few months, we finally went for my birthday dinner.
We've been to Alexander Michaels a few times and love it each time.
Use the property in or pseudo-element to add additional text.
Check out Superfeedr (which I created!) for the RSS polling aspects.
I love everything they've done with the place.\n\nI tried the Tip Top Burger and the chili.
Acknowledging that I say this from a position of ignorance; would it not be easier to have the service maintain the list of articles and let the controller observe that?
I also keep an "etc" directory beneath the project root to house files that aren't directly related to the application.
Unfortunatelly, there is no shortcut or magic wand, so to speak that will produce a quality UI based entirely and only on an API without lots of additional info and analysis.
You should also avoid using AWT ( ) components on Swing ( ) containers.
So far i wrote this function in JS: I do not know if i need to put all the locations (the HTML id of each cell) as the parameters, so that is my first question.
ComboBox not binding in datagrid I have a ComboBox binded to BindingList with strings.
I would most certainly come here again.
Their gyros are great - though if you get a normal gyro you will be left smelling, well, like a gyro.
It's dark up those stairs and the jukebox jazz is often questionable, but the booths are cozy and the drinks are tall and the beer selection is more than decent.
Onions and broccoli just aren't my jam, and my favorite veggie to have with my bun, cucumber, was sadly MIA from Tram's version.\n\nI do consider myself to be a little bit of a fresh spring roll connoisseur (ooookay, maybe not, but I eat them a lot), and Tram's are good, but not my favorite in the city.
There is usually a place to park near by and you can be on your way quickly.
I can tell they take their service commitment to heart.
But the POST returns a 404 error as if it were looking for a static file.
This makes it difficult to code, and to debug legitimate errors in my code.
Calculating the length of a floating-point number decimal representation doesn't make much sense, as its underlying representation is binary.
OK, so I admit that I was underwhelmed by Cafe Zinho when I first went, a few years ago.
Right click on any of the DLLs and click on properties and it will show you the location from which this DLL is being picked.
It was a nice hotel, and if you are member of Guest Select (which is free, by the by), you get free wi-fi and other goodies in your room.
I bought a couple ounces and can't wait to try it!
The original program was designed to communicate with this server.
Rev2 represents the bytes of a document that has 2 digital signatures.
I asked for egg whites and they obliged.
They had a wide variety of dishes, and many healthy options.
It's sort of scaled-up-diner-food-meets-comfort-food, then add a fair share healthy options.
Our admins like being able to match the process to the service and then to the queue.
Given how busy they were I do understand and still give high marks for the tasty food and excellent service.
Just another place I will be sure to visit when I travel back to the Burgh.
so the FirstTable has their Pk in the SecondTable and the SecondTable has its PK in the ThirdTable.
This place had some New Glarus on tap which is a must anytime I am in Wisconsin.
\n\nOddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.
It seems that in unix it is unable to load the beans and unable to do component scan.
The wine list is the sweet red table wine offered immediately after you sit down.
I think this once again has to do with little me's disliking of Mexican-type foods and eateries.
It was also rare that I didn't traumatize the clerk with my purchases.\n\nDuring the period of time when Keith Charles was known as \"" Whiskeysaurus Rex\"" or \""Bad Fritz\"" and it was common that the following items were being purchased prior to a big night out on the town.\n\n1.
Great Stay During Business Travel in Sept 2013\n\nClean, modern, comfortable bed, good gym, indoor pool, two bars, a Starbucks in the lobby, and great downtown location.\n\nSide Note, the architect of this building is very cool.
I am a huge shrimp fan so I had the Diane with Shrimp.
My answer is really just good advice at this point.
With two glasses of wine the total was $83.
Portions are not quite big enough to split unless you load up on soups and the fabulous pretzel bread.
I love going there, parking is a pain, you can park in the lot at the greenway, but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.
I finally find this nice plugin: I followed the docs, and the dropdown is shown on the page.
Great burgers, great fries, and diet sundrop on tap.
Went for dinner last night with a group of four.
Based on the descriptions of , the inertia of a blob is "the inertial resistance of the blob to rotation about its principal axes".
Nice, cheap diner food with a great, homie little vibe.
Other days its half off blue, or green or red.
When you declare the type completey, then you will be allowed to declare the object of that type:
just make sure you don't sit out there in bug season..
If I find myself in the area again I would head to Park House though there was the occasional creeper but I guess you can find them anywhere.
Tell them what/who you need it for (e.g.
How does other Knockout developers do this?
The staff is always super friendly, even when you stroll in late in the evening a glass or two of wine into your night.
The 50%-off sales actually pay off here.
Am I going in good direction?
I called on a Saturday with an impromptu lunch order for 18 box lunches.
I have a foreign key between TableA.id and TableB.proId TableA - 'Id', 'Name' TableB - 'Id', 'proId', 'State', 'time' I want to bring back all values of TableA with a join on B, to bring back the 'State' of the Max time
Is this like a function or something?
This might not be appropriate when the caller could actually handle unavailability better.
I do have a special place in my stomach for Tram's kitchen and I try to eat there every now and again.
but after going to the Waldhorn - I'm definitely a fan and to have a german restaurant in Charlotte/Pineville is a real treat.\n\nThe parking situation was a bit crazy since I guess it was the last weekend for Oktoberfest so everyone was trying to get their Waldhorn on that night (and I'm sure the night after that).
I'm developing this app using Flash Builder 4.5, and I made a debug/run configuration for iPhone4.
You could capture only the bit you want to keep:
In the past, about 1 installation back, I couldn't connect to MySQL.
However, make no mistake about it, the Mimosa Grille is a rise above the typical local city purveyor of fusion cuisine.
That was a bit surprising, but fortunately the noise level was low, giving Soba a feeling of intimacy - great for a date!\n\nOur server was friendly, perky, and quick to recommend her favorite dishes.
We started with the grilled calamari which was decent, could have used more calamari and less chick peas.
Using this option will disable the button (using unobtrusive JavaScript) when the form is submitted, preventing additional clicks.
At the very least you can now output assembler from gcc like this: Then you can inspect the output of generated C code for educational purposes.
It is working well but I would like to disable the date which is chosen.
Not bad for my first Italian meal in North Carolina.
So, should I unsubscribe the LiveQuery manually?
\n\nThe menu is small, but has something for everyone.
There is only ONE spot to go on a Monday night in Charlotte for live music!
Plus, the names would keep changing - at one point, "Steve" and "John" could be working on a report, but once "Steve" stops, I need to be able to get rid of his name from the table.
Think: eggs, bacon, hash browns, pancakes, and skillets.
I may be a little biased...
Nothing happens upon clicking the button.
Ugland and the nurses are totally warm, comforting and sweet, so that helps you relax also.\n\nThat day, you wear shields on your eyes (plastic see through covers) and go to sleep.
Definitely will be back because this place is clean, service is quick, food is delicious, and the price isn't so bad either.
Thanks for pointing out that there might not be any matches for the update statement.
When I finally tried it, I wish I had not waited so long.
In this line : You are setting probably ResourceKey Menu1Resource to Image thinking that you will get an Image object.
And let's not forget that it's a Form and we can have multiple input and span elements.
Note that you can't use the Album model objects for anything except querying the 'name' field.
\n\nOutback they have an impressive selection of fountains and larger pots to hold your green-wares.
When viewing a Physician they have several offices.
Move an image with the arrow keys using JavaScript I want to be able to move an image around the screen with JavaScript.
It can be big and faceless if you let it, but that's a challenge for you to overcome and learn how to be an adult, an academic, aw heck I'm sounding all schmaltzy.
Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey?
But you could use a javascript function: To speed this up you could add an attribute like "is_unresolved" which will be set to true on update when this condition is matched ( and index that ).
The extra "stuff" is there because you've passed the buffer size to .
Each time I've visited, the beer selection seems to have grown or something has been added that wasn't previously available to the human race.
At this hotel, you have two options: you can use the hotel's gym at no charge or you can go to the Charlotte Athletic Club, located in the same building, via a guest pass issued by the front desk.
Fresh homemade pasta for $2.49 lb!
In fact, our 11-year-old wanted her birthday meal with the family here.
How to attack on RC4 Friends, I am working on a project where I need to crack as much keys as possible for RC4 algorithm.
They offer up a big basket of popcorn (aka 'crack') as soon as you sit down.
In a pinch (or during snowpocolypse) they will also sell bottles to-go, but they do have to de-cork it for you before you leave, which is midly annoying, but better than nothing.
It will monitor every SQL statement, and thus every data change, that gets sent to the server and show you metrics about that statement, the account under which the statement was executed and a host of other pieces of information and it comes free with most SQL Server versions.
To switch between both versions essentially amounts to linking with different libraries: yours for testing, theirs for the real implementation.
Below you can see my problem "hacking" this line of code:
At this time I am using the following code:
He does a great job thinning it out so that it has lots of definition and doesn't look like a 'fro.\n\nBottom line, Richard is a talented stylist, but he does best when he's given some freedom.
It depends if you are using any MVVM model or not.
here are my gradle files and here is the folder structure this is how I declare my view in the xml attrs.xml in IconView>res>values directory
I usually order a variety of their seafood.
I love spicy food so I enjoyed it and it wasn't overwhelmingly spicy for me and wouldn't be for most adults.
Now is a Lua string containing what was returned by your Pascal code.
Blank Multipart email I'm using PHP to send out a multipart/mixed message (plain text, html and attachments).
Are there two different definitions of "visiblity" at play?
A gesture you don't find at large theatres.
There is also plugin (requires async and propertyParser), available on github Usage example for google maps:
\n\nWe were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.
It works perfectly when you just type the pretty url into the address bar.
I want to highlight table rows on hover.
Score on fantastic products at a more \""affordable\"" price.
Of course the star item on the menu would have to be the French Onion soup which boasts rich broth soaked up by a thick slice of chewy bread that holds up well and plentiful caramelized onions all smothered by gooey cheese broiled until bubbling to golden perfection.
but when she asked him about me tagging along he responded with a \""you mean she comes on our date\"" Welp...
And, was even more so when I took the coat home and (with a little of grandma's old tricks) got the stain out!\n\nI absolutely love this place.
Or how much you hate it.
This is such a plus for me since I always wait until the last minute to order coffee when I'm running low.
It is possible to process multiple refunds (or rebates as we refer to them) against a single transaction.
AT LEAST 4 Hours of Fantastic PROFESSIONAL Chef's Time.
You'll probably want to limit your party to a group of 4 or less though, the seating is limited!\n\nYelp recommendations for what to order as a first-timer to Smoky Jon's are on point.
Maybe next time I'll be brave enough to try the food again :-)
I get a SocketTimeoutException in Jsoup: Read timed out I get a SocketTimeoutException when I try to parse a lot of HTML documents using Jsoup.
When i try to use dimension in cube, with main as key to measures, it will fail citing: 'Attribute key 'main' not found..' In the measures are all members of the dimension hierarchy.
Right-click the element on the page you are interested in and then click 'Inspect Element': Then you will be able to see all of the attributes of that element:
I'm glad I went and I will be back!
Upstream is a great location for fresh seafood.
Go-to meal: cheddar butter burger, fried cheese curds, and flavor of the day custard.\n\nThe difference between a deluxe burger and cheddar butter burger is that in the deluxe, you'll get American cheese.
...and the fact about the missing quote for in
Children 3 and older are not allowed in the opposite gender's locker room.
Lots of restaurants downstairs to eat at and some snack/coffee shops on the first floor\n3.
Bottom up merge sort without compares.
If you are searching for a go to fish place for Lent....look no further.
\n\nThe place, though fairly small, was neat and clean on the inside.
Error building Android app in release mode, in Android Studio I'm trying to sign my android app in release mode, in Android Studio.
\n\nIn the end, I would have liked them to go that little extra step to streamline the experience, especially given the price of alterations and accessories, but I was still pleased with my experience.
Instead us your own id, maybe a server generated one that is authoritative.
A bit skimpy on the vegetarian/vegan options, however I've seen a few more added in the past few years.
Then there is an \""Irish Pancake\""--Guinness and butterscotch schnapps.
I have html, like this: How can I get array of all the div's (3 div in example) by class that's starts with "bz_comment[anysymbols]" in JavaScript (not using JQuery)?
However, when I open up the actual .resx file, I see that it has been encoded to have and .
We also splurged and added the flash-fried calamari as it sounded so good when our server was describing it to us.
There is outdoor seating and there are large aquariums inside with some cool fish.
\nIf you go in and there is a long wait, it is good to remember that the bar is first come, first serve.
This will reduce the number of nodes loaded.
The staff is always kind and attentive, and I'm in love with their tomato caprese bagel sandwich.
As you can see from pictures that others have posted, there is also an outside portico for dining outside when the weather is nice.
By default, a relative layout arranges it's children to the top-left corner, regardless you use for the size.
So I just hopped it was not coming from my component and silenced it ( proves that grid picker + window is not enough to trigger the error).
make a custom object that keeps track of what indexes should be on screen based on the offset of the scroll view.
declare i=0; outside function will solve you probleem
I store all data in the database (including last crawl date and post dates) and take all dates I need from database.
During a conditional PUT the client can include the Etag from a previous GET on the resource and if the current representation doesn't match the server will return the HTTP status code of 412 (Precondition Failed).
Waiter kindly informed me that their sandwiches are pre-made and they are unable to alter them in any way.
This means that the control will be given focus when the form is displayed.
standardised ACL, QoS queue, and VLAN names; similar entries in ACLs that have the same function for different customers, etc.).
I'm a fan of their beer selection.
\n\nThe first major difference between Umi and the places mentioned above: price.
Or do I have to change the img's width inside a javascript function?
I'm anything but a light eater, and there was so much that I still had to take half my meal home!\n\nWe all got different things and there wasn't a single bite of anything that we didn't love.
It might be better to serialize your row as a whole, using JSON or MsgPack, and store it in one member, or just a simple / .
If it takes forever to acquire that data, well then the bundle just won't be started forever.
There's also an assortment of frozen yogurt, sorbet, milkshakes, toppings, candy, and sodas, too!
It's all methods calling other methods.
\n\nIt's definitely worth the trip, but if you are from Charlotte, I'd grab it to go.
I added a plane into the original scene and it shows the rendertarget perfectly fine.
I told them I needed to be done in 30 minutes and not only were they able to do it, they also kept an eye on the clock for me.
public static final int DB_VERSION = 1; And than:
Now it's a Badgers/Packers bar and grill.
\n\nIt's a great place to bring guests if you want to head off to a chill and unexpected place.
works because it simply takes a string as the input ID.
All SWT based application have an event loop as the one you have added to your post.
As a side note, that's not remotely how — or JavaScript as a language — works.
But that shouldn't deter people from coming here.
You can force a numerical sorting when converting your text data type to a numeric one.
The experience I had here at the clinic was one of the best I've had at a big hospital.
Best hotcakes around and I've never had a bad meal here.
I have also tried other solutions such as and but it is not working.
The offending character here is “|” U+007C VERTICAL LINE, used by Google as a separator between font names; that’s a poor choice by them, since “|” is a reserved character, both by the (which is what the HTML5 CR cites) and by the Internet-standard STD 66 ( ).
This is known as function calling..
Google allow you to create a custom GVRView which doesn't have the (i) icon - but it involves creating your own OpenGL code for viewing the video.
You order through this old switchboard and they car hop to get your order.
The value of a pointer becomes indeterminate when the object it points to reaches the end of its lifetime."
I would not want to look too closely into the kitchen...
Wan fu is the best Chinese in the area ..I know my Chinese and this is the place to go and we do often .
A deep end complete with multiple water slides makes sure everyone stays happy.
In order to get that working, I checked out the sample app, and found that the build dumped the binary in , so your Procfile should be: Note, you also want to set the .
for some reason some controls doesn't allow this.
the function i Think you want to look at is shutdownCon, init and main.
Look to your left-there's a silent auction going on.
And low and behold moments later I had a plate of blended potato perfection and some chipped meat.
Questions,answers along with frequency count can be stored in data table or can be stored in xml/json format at server.
The logs aren't very enlightening Now per another suggestion I dont have a CMD or an ENTRYPOINT in my docker file so I add those.
A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray...
For Pittsburgh it's basically the epicenter of caffeine.
Thanks Steelers for a great 2010 season, even though WE came up short in winning our seventh championship, you've made this city proud!
Instead you need to use only the first address after the binary name per frame.
The resultung picture size with these settings is around 24kB depending on the device's camera resolution.
China Garden appears to be your run of the mill Chinese take out place (standard menu, decor, etc) , but I was very pleasantly surprised how good the food was.
None of these directly mention C# or .Net but there are enough problems around connection/disconnection issues to make it worth an upgrade.
I have been going to this place for the longest time.
I know I could technically script the entire process in powershell, but it would be nice if I could take advantage of the IIS features of Octopus Deploy.
This is a great play for foodies or a now brunch with the girls.
\n\nThe food is good, but perhaps doesn't quite meet the high expectations people have before their first visit.
Here is what Deparse makes of it:
The staff is professional and friendly - they looked up what my insurance covered before I sat down.
Superficially, it looks as though you need: The means do not print lines by default.
All other vars are properly replaced.
The menu is full of mouth-watering authentic Italian dishes....that please the palate & leaves you wanting MORE.\nWe will visit Charlotte NC again & again just to eat at this restaurant...
So, there were a ton of people and we were always greeted with a smile and even given an early checkin and late check out.
The data I need contains some special characters (emoticon) such as "(●⁰౪⁰●)(//●⁰౪⁰●)//" and " "˭̡̞(◞⁎˃ᆺ˂)◞ ✰".
(Thanks Annette!) \n\nThis week I learned that joint compound comes in an easy squirt tube and corner bead makes that nice 90 degree angle where pieces of drywall meet.
Ginny Myers is back now since March 1st and doesnt skimp.
Looking to party, here you go!
The weiner schnitzel was average good.
\n\nRecycling is ALLLLLLWWWWWAYYYYYYYYYSSSSSSS a plus in my book.
Most importantly, I feel like I can trust them.
I recently got married, and during our engagement, my fiance and I went out for cake-testing.
Multithreading extended panel I'm trying to allocate a that implements interface in a .
This is arbitrary though and you could switch them around.
Do I need to use authentication check for public methods?
Is there a nosql store that also allows for relationships between stored entities?
It's right in the heart of the uptown commercial district, so if your business is there, you can park the car and walk to your destination.
Does it affect the loading time of the page?
An old victorian building in a neighborhood that feels more like Charleston than Charlotte.
Maybe I'm not very good at googling, but I wasn't able to find someone else.
\nGreg Dunlap} did an excellent job communicating and managing the construction project beginning to end!
The right entry can then be mirrored from the left entry.
I'm not usually super excited about corporate steakhouses (Ruth's Chris: meh), and I usually wouldn't have chosen one for a Restaurant Week outing.
I have never seen a hotel pool with that kind of stuff for kids.
loading another tableview when a tablecell of one tableview is clicked returning error:"Program received signal SIGABRT" I am creating an app in which there are two UIViews and in those UIViews I am loading Tableviews..
Specifically, I want to load all of the history for all stories/defects in my project that have an accepted date in the last two weeks.
They have Dr Brown's root beer.
You need define your post contain some file inside with multipart HTML tag
I love this place and its location to my parents house in Charlotte!
Great food with Bojangles, Krispy Kreme and JJRs BBQ.
Have you ever find items for $1??
Ruby Geocoder [Rails] - How to Traverse this Result I just installed Ruby Geocoder and I am trying to traverse the , but keep coming up short.
You mentioned that you copied the blob from one storage account to another.
If anybody has any ideas please let me know.
I see an option in the category group settings says is group selecting yes or no makes no difference whatsoever.
The problem is that paths are absolute, not relative .
Perhaps you need to install the package .
The englighten() method returns an XML string.
provides you with a parameter .
I have no compiler warnings turned off and I don't get any warning on using std::vector in in exported class A (with VS2005).
This is the old standby for romantic dinners with my husband.
I recently read the great article by Fred Brooks, "No Silver Bullet".
But the stack just has to be at the top of a large enough chunk of available address space in the memory map for that particular process.
I never walked into the dealership, until I was ready to pick up the car.
Your choices are cajun, regular or sweet potato.
Trays of champagne for a birthday toast were the icing on the cake.
According to React's setState doc : Performs a shallow merge of nextState into current state This means you should provide a valid object as argument to the method.
The next element after a cannot be a , because it is by definition a element.
This will also save on server costs so that you can be sure that you're using the hardware investment in a reasonable way already before adding more capacity.
I've already been down that road and would like to stick to pip).
I also switched to using and instead of to avoid losing multi-word entries which involve spaces.
Went for friend's birthday, my first time.
I'm one of those where 'nothing is perfect and there's always room for improvement' thank goodness I'm not a teacher.
This place is good for drink before and after shows.
Being from the Chicago area, I am a member of the of the Chicago Botanic Garden [third year] and very much enjoy gardens and plant life ESPECIALLY when I don't have to do any maintenance myself.
They know nothing about how that block will be used.
Seriously, hanging in every nook and cranny; taking up every inch of counter space; even occupying each step of the stairs near the front door (at least I think they were stairs...).
If I change the word "INPUT" to "TEXTAREA" it will save the textarea text boxes, is there a way to change the code to save all the input fields and the textarea fields at the same time, as opposed to running through the code twice?
Everything except for the red beans was scrumptious.
They are willing to help you out and they give you a nice verity of food and items for a little shop they are.
The compiler considers this expression like but null pointer may not be used in this constructor.
It would be Recycler View that is involved in scrolling.
This is what the path looks like after it is returned:
I had actually tried that earlier but it didn't work when I was testing, in my haste I had not yet added the "completed" column to the table yet.
I savored that one piece three times!
If it's not possible to be done easily in a cross platform way, is it easy to be done locally 'after a first run'?
I like to bring the kiddos a candied apple when I return from a business trip.
Not sure if she was having a bad day or what, but she just wasn't very friendly.\n\nNonetheless, I'll go back!
You'd be better off using function.
having a chat with the staff.
I am a new to the android, So please help me to do this.
phone is confusing for someone who doesn't normally use office phones from 1987.\nNeed warning for ice maker.
Unexpected behavior with "set -o errexit" on AIX This script shell works fine on GNU/Linux but not on AIX 5.3 On GNU/Linux, I've got the expected output : On AIX, I've got this one : Without "set -o nounset -o errexit" it works fine...
Though the shop is about ten times bigger than any bakery in Europe, you can find some pretty authenic goods, and the kitchen is said to be staffed by German master bakers.
\nThey keep parts in stock that are hard to find TODAY ( let's be realistic, ever since the Internet came about nothing is hard to find if your little balls have dropped and you can patiently wait for it) and can cut you any gasket you need while you wait.
So I turn on and my background image just gone and only appearing black background.
Just as you're admiring his steadfastness, POP goes the rice ladened seaweed as Andy flips the seaweed to create a reverse sushi roll.
The place can get kind of loud at night so make sure your group of friends aren't hard of hearing.
Since the identityUser is required for the sign on and thus to populate the loggedin user control, how can I pass this object from page to page?
Meal starts of with giant steaming mini cornbreads.
So plan to either park on the street or behind the building (I found plenty of space behind the building and wasn't ticketed or towed).\n\nAnyhow, next time I need to use a large capacity washing machine (which I hope is NEVER -- hint hint, my little doggie friend), I will not hesitate to come back here.
\nI will always be back to this theater.
what you need is cscope,which can create database with those files specified by you.
I went here to get my prom dress altered.
So, does not look at .
But now my background images are not working and the app is crashing.
And the level of service is unmatched.
Some tips:\n\n- stick with the appetizers.
I always order the fried pork dumplings and beef bolgolgi.
Maybe the hungriest you've ever been in your life.
I thought that was great, along with the standard Ranch dipping sauce.\n\nCooper recommended the Penne Athena which was a nice, light chicken dish with black olives, red peppers and a light mushroom cream sauce.
Facebook User IDs may be used with external services that you use to build and run your application, such as a web infrastructure service or a distributed computing platform, but only if those services are necessary to running your application and the service has a contractual obligation with you to keep Facebook User IDs confidential.
Their bulk section is well-stocked and the selection of local produce is impressive.
Issue using bootstrap responsive for tablet and phones I am designing a page using bootstrap responsive for the following image and I'm beginner for using bootstrap responsive..
Total hole in the wall on East Wash in a strip mall behind some Mexican buffet, with the name People's Bakery, you'd never guess this place would have the best Middle Eastern food in Madison.
Ri Ra BBQ Sauce 4.9 stars, Fries (someone loved them) 3.2 stars.
I have checked that I have the x64 compiler and tools installed with Visual Studio.
Beautiful ambiance, fantastic service, delicious food, and a personal toast from the owner was a great touch!
I have found some pointers on the web : And But I cannot seems to find how to do both at the same time, I have tried : Which seemed to be the logical thing, but it is not, it gives me an error.
Such networks can be trained using "stacking" or other techniques from the deep learning literature.
SQL-Server - Stop success message when saving results to file When running a query on and using function, automatically adds a success message at the end of the file that looks like this: With a small file, you could pop it open a text editor and remove it manually, but when your file is millions of records, it takes a bit more work.
I disassembled my apk and checked that the class is in fact contained, and referenced properly.
The Buffalo Chicken spread was a flavorful hummus fare served with pita bites that were wonderful while warm.
This may provide a better experience for your user since you won't have to bounce them out to PayPal and back.
You get a nice portion, but the pho does not include tripe, tendon, flank, and other random meats you'd normally get with your pho elsewhere.
This code already yields 33 bytes: Because there's more being serialized than just the string itself.
Inside it looked like your normal pizzeria with a counter to order from, a pop cooler, a display dessert case and a pinball machine which was sadly not on.
My problem is that it takes a long time to evaluate big data sets.
Does there exist a method or function that can convert the self-closing tags to explicit tags in Javascript?
It does get pretty loud though.
It took about 20 minutes, which I was pleased about.
I hit a similar issue and solved it using version 1.1.4 of google-api-php-client Assuming the following code is used to redirect a user to the Google authentication page: Assuming a valid authentication code is returned to the , the following will generate a token from the authentication code as well as provide basic profile information: However, location is not returned.
The vegetables were large and fresh and the spice was perfect.
But if you will have new data coming into MySQL time to time, then you need to schedule a job to run periodically to do delta load from MySQL to Hadoop.
Hash can also be done in SQL Server ....
There are a couple of approaches to work around this problem though.
The staff was great and the people there were so much fun!
CommunityView gets its DataContext set by inheritence from the Window.
Below I have tried to explain in as concise a manner as possible what I have done and tried.
I must be missing something because no matter what I do the data will not show in Google Earth.
Now, when I use the snapshot what google bot sees is very much the same as what user sees and is clearly generated using Javascript.
The project use another library on my local maven repository.
comboBox2 and we do this for comboxBox3, 4 etc as well).
How do you log an uncaught exception in Java?
The focaccia bread was grilled to perfection.
The C++ library is in general terms very equal as how I connect to a database in .NET or Java.
SURPRISE ME!!\n\nI go here at least 1 a week.
\n*burger\n*onion rings\n\nIt was my first time ever trying fried pickles, and I'm a fan!
I bought a guitar online, but it needed to be set up (altered)--in particular, the action on it was too high.
I have written about this issue: Hope this helps, Chris
It looks like you will need to explicitly call Dispose to deallocate the win32 resources.
The hot lobster roll was rich, buttery, and warm, and the lobster was good and fresh.
Great on all counts except the decor could really use updating.
I've been craving another one ever since we went!
header.jsp: Datastore.java: Will this connect me to the SAME datastore every time I use the application?
The result should looks like this:
Too bad you can't pluck one when while you with one.
I am running the latest Mars Eclipse I am running the latest Subclipse I sync with the repo, and see the changed file When I double click or choose to compare, I either see a blank white page with "Initializing..." or a blank gray page it is ONLY with one specific text .js file ...
I am vegetarian and it is a great spot to eat with my meat eating friends.
For a very simple example, Say a document with word bad has pretty high term frequency of word bad in training set will sentiment label as negative.
I can pretty much guarantee that the macaroni and cheese, sweet tea, biscuits, meatloaf and all the other soul food will remind you why Charlotte is a good place to live.
So, once again, if anyone could point me in the right direction that would be a great help.
It wraps your code into a function like this: Or shorter: Which is the equivalent of:
\n\nI have been using this place since I discovered it about a year ago.
There should be no square brackets arround the parameters of In your code example, I cannot find the relation between and , and the plural of diagnosis is diagnoses , you can specify this in : So your model should contain And you can write in your form:
Then dessert, I loved most, but the almond/hazelnut cristota was to die for.
I'm unable to go forward after forming a scale space image for the histogram of skin pixels extracted from face regions.
MATLAB has a built-in for this.
The superburger for my son, Grecian Chicken for the husband, and they have the best veggie wrap for me.
In our answer, we set the drug as the key and we set the value to a list that is built from another list comprehension.
You should probably call it from the methods, too.
I recommend doing the breakfast before your shower in the morning and then go home for the shower afterward or you will smell like the restaurant all day!
If it's a text field input, I almost always put the accepted format(s) in the field's so that the user can know what format(s) is(are) accepted.
Sounds a little creepy, but it's true.
Instead use the class, which is far more straightforward to manage and use.
We landed here at 9AM for a layover to Dominican Republic.
(You can actually see how text is resized in Evernote) Image hide is, of course, one of the many things you can do.
We are very great full that we discovered her.
Dark leather, dark wood, great conversation areas, lots of cigar smoke and great service.
I changed to And it seemed covered the first string somehow.
Pizza is delicious chicken ranchero is one of the best pizzas i have ever had and they have a deal where u get xl specialty pizza with free sub or wings deff a must try
\n\nNonetheless, this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?
The quality of the produce and the meat cannot be matched anywhere in the city, unless you go down to the Strip.
Their shoe selection is always packed with all different levels of outdoor need.
It was a surprise to me that true geniuses like Lhotka (who are probably expected to devote a great deal of their time to playing with the latest technology and should be able to pick things up quickly) also feel the burn!
i was a bit put off at first as it is located in a dingy strip mall -- though i don't know what i was expecting as most antique malls don't have prime real estate.\n\ni was greeted and then left alone to mosey along the maze of booths.
It's a good place to go for brunch with a friend.
Any ideas on what could be wrong?
So, we can partition it by values.
Both were awesome and their draft list is decent.
On a side note, I found a defect in the code that uses the UITableViewController also.
If you're hanging out on the east side, the clock strikes 8:45, and you've realized that you started to sweat because you don't know if you can make it down Willy St.
You should have a look at the manpage for .
It is a very small dining room and books up quickly so call for a table in advance.
Very cool family trip not a lot of activities and the costumed employees acted like we were actually bothering them.
Another example with a spectroscopic data set (quinine fluorescence), is in of my package hyperSpec.
On this trip, I picked up a few pastas that I can't find at home as well as an aged balsamic that I hope makes its way back to Atlanta without exploding in my luggage.
You have to get there early in the evening to get the chicken.\n\nThe service is quirky, but I find it charming.
burgers are OK, i usually hit it with some of the seasoning salt used for the fries.
Select multi-select form from array Here's the issue.
They have a wood burning pizza oven so I am sure that they cannot keep the place as cool as some eateries (most are too cold for me).
For his side, he ordered the Mac & Cheese.\n\nFor my dinner, I ordered the ever so popular Henny Penny and a side of \""smashed\"" potatoes.
Just like many of the large airports, this one is similar with tons of restaurants, shops and charging stations.
\n\nThe house salads were exceptionally fresh and full of good veggies and cheese.
If I eat here enough I may be converted!
An example of the data is as such : Thu Jan 01 1970 11:11:00 GMT+0800 (Malay Peninsula Standard Time) Because I'm accessing the data using and to make it show on the view, I cannot convert it do a date object manually using .
In other words the same as
Another good option is the hot turkey grinder.
You need to add that yourself with : I would not recommend as a variable name, however, because it conflicts with the built-in type.
Just very simple stuff to build off of.
Try changing the C# interface to take a parameter.
And any class that implements must also implement all the methods declared in it (e.g.
The meal included choice of breakfast cocktail, appetizer and entree.
More details can be found in the JavaDoc of ThreadPoolExecutor .
I got my finger slammed in a car door (thanks Jen!) and the ring got most of the damage.
As can be seen, each of the 4 runs of the exact same task take longer to execute.
The staff are wonderful people who legitimately care about the students and always look out for their best interests.
Their exhibits always feature beautiful works.
This response object contains: status The status of the User.
I loved her hair and piercings.
If only she was not located in Middleton I'd be taking her a lot more business in the future.
Then I just went where my mind guided me...which would have been to the shoes.
\nI cannot remember what our appetizer's name was, but it was a dough pocket filled with mozzarella and had yellow and red tomatoes to the side.
Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate, extra chewy and humongous.
Even if you won't be uploading it, build your application like a CPAN module.
Our washer was too small to do the job, so off I went to the Laundry Factory.\n\nLike I said, it's been awhile since I've been to a laundromat, so I don't know what other laundromats are like these days, but wow, this one was wayyyy nicer than the ones I used to go to back in the day!
They had specialty gifts, wine, beer and fudge amongst a haven of cheese.
And a regular menu of salads and sandwiches is available.
Their food menu changes daily and takes advantage of local and seasonal ingredients, but if they ever get rid of the Chocolate Pretzel Stack desert, they might have a mutiny on their hands!
I will definitely be returning soon, for a first time experience I give five stars!
If you select all three revisions, or leave the revision specifier empty, this will happen.
Mert's Heart and Soul is just that- a little bit of food love in the city.
Based on the data filtered by the user in the DataGridview and clicking on Print will display the filtered data in Report.
I would highly recommended a visit to Fitzgerald's any Sunday morning.
A lot of my friends it seems are now getting married.
You cannot make an "eternal service", nor would that be the correct approach for this problem.
Most of and versions come with built-in support for running tests.
When you convert it to Java string ( ) it size will be doubled.
You have food and if you desire shopping options in all concourses.
This place is like my second home.
For example to specify in some way that I would like a certain object to be destroyed last, or at least after another static onject?
Should the namespaces be moved elsewhere?
Our usual picks are the Deli and the Bacon-Blue Cheeseburger, but you can pick any burger on the menu and be satisfied, and then some.
I love their potato pancakes, sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.
But the food is always hot and tasty.\nI like their chicken salad plate: scoops of chicken salad over iceberg, hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, shredded cheese and crackers.
The atrium/ lobby areas are wonderful, comfortable, worthy of the Hilton name and a delight for my clients.
The submission review process to the store can often be a lengthy process and is relatively new to me.
A lot has changed since the other reviewers ate here.\n\n1) No more tasting menu - I was dissapointed as this is why I went (and its still mentioned on the web site)\n\n2) They don't seem to be emphasizing local sourcing - on the menu there was only the mention of some local eggs for the creme brulee dessert\n\n3) Focus on lower priced dishes - I was apprehensive at the prices, they are amazingly low\n\nIn any case - dinner was delightful.
tell me if your code still not working
Someone from housekeeping called me the next morning and she was so sweet.
Service is always friendly, but sometimes a little slow.
What is the standard way to accomplish directory iteration with Java?
\n\nWhat a bunch of whinners!\n\nDrinks are served well and timely.
Then a filter can pull the comment row out.
I have ordered food from here on numerous occasions.
Highly considering it for my next formal event.
After walking around & viewing their huge selection of goodies, I had to look up to avoid temptations hahaha....
WebRTC signalling is driving me crazy.
The problem is since I am using RGBA as internal format I am telling opengl to use 4 bytes per pixel.
It can contain only alpha numeric with hyphen underscore and slash .
from the script ( ) execution location ) If this is the case, you might have to tell your command where the image is located on your server.
Don't pay too much notice to the error messages, they're pretty much par for the course, and can be triggered by something as benign as a cache miss.
So I HAD to try one for dinner.
I had to wear my jacket the whole time, and never quite warmed up.
thumb up for me so i can help more developers.
The Beef and Broccoli wasn't as good as the one I was used to but the egg rolls are freakin' awesome.
\n\nThey make the ranch dressing and that is always a plus in my book.
I got the Mimosa which was delicious.
Their menu wasn't large but they had more than just your typical bar food, definitely more interesting items.
You don't replace the whole string with , just the pattern match, which is .
So I haven't tried a lot of menu items, but the ones I had were good.
But the method of my helper is called only once.
Got great service from every single encounter - front desk, housekeeping, bartender, parking valet.
I am looking for a way to delete files and folders in a github repo using ONLY a browser.
Is it code issue or database issue?
Beautiful soup queries I'm struggling to have queries in BS with multiple conditions of the type AND or OR.
It seems like , , and are what I want to be using, but why is the example in that SO answer using completely different methods from the ANTLR book example?
since my Repositories have a one-to-one relationship with my entities (Expert, ExpertRepository).
don't assume precise layout, instead use something grid-based with enough free-space so that font size can vary.
Just make sure to ask for the student discount because they won't give it to you automatically.
The Jambalaya is better than I've had in New Orleans.
I'm not sure how merge with a shallow fetch and sparse checkout should behave overall, but asking for conflict resolution is surely the only thing to do here.
\n\nThe complimentary and delicious bread sticks and salad always came out to our table within 5 minutes, and let's not forget these are endless!
It has nothing to do with the installation process.
\nCrispy buttery bread with corned beef and sauerkraut.
Or, see Anonymous Replier's answer.) == Old Answer == Wine isolates the programs it runs.
Create an adorner class that implements the OnRender to draw the chamfered corner.
You can double-check by adding logging statements at the end of the -block and immediately before any or or statement that could exit the -block prematurely.
I got the OFM roll and it was extremely fresh and really delicious.
\n\nIn the past couple of years I've purchased plenty of MSR camp stove canisters from these guys.
I don't want to display index.php in the URL at all
How can I get power tools working or is there another way to pre-generate the Views?
it is a compiled unix executable that can't be run with something like that because it needs to keep running and won't stop until stopped, and that didn't work
First time here this past Friday for lunch.
I am trying to use scala Futures to implement a threaded bulk get from a network service key/value store.
Lori was working at the front desk the evening we checked in (7/24/14).
Thank-you so much for all that you have done to restore my precious time pieces!
I have no idea why Trio's isn't rated higher but it can't be the food.
The disadvantage is that you have to maintain separate clone, and to remember that your own changes (well, at least those generic) to LibraryB have to be made in the fork of LibraryB, and not directly inside ProjectA.
By default the body on the page has this css: at the top of your css file just add: this way you're working with 0 margins to begin with.
\n\nI have been there mostly on Sundays and they have an attendant who is an older gentlemen and is very friendly and fun to shoot the breeze with if you use the self service stations.
The "usual" solution which has worked in the past is to pass in a pointer to the object to use instead of referencing the singleton.
In the post " " this was done by looking into the bundle-directories.
There has to be some kind of bug in JDeveloper when creating new packages and files, odd thing is I restarted the web service to make sure that the new folders would integrate, but by the looks of it JDeveloper needs, at the very least, to be restarted in order to integrate new folders/files.
For this I need a plugin that handles that function.
Admission is $12 for Adults, $10 for seniors, and $8 for military, kids, and students.
I have a 21 by 2 matrix, where the first column represents the average score(from 0 to 10) of the video games released that year and second columns are years ranging from 1996 to 2016.
They also have Vienna Beef hot dogs which are literally the best hot dogs you'll ever eat.
We are getting this error wherever we are trying to use the classes available in third party JAR.
w/ a nice modern white uniform row storefront along the moving sidewalks.
It was a Sunday evening and the restaurant was quite busy.
The type place you can find in Atlanta or other large city.
I'd recommend doing some basic html parsing yourself and doing a simple string replace in the right places.
I ordered corned beef hash, and it seemed like the kind of corned beef that came from a can.
Because now when I write anything in Java and compile it, it only outputs what's in the layout XML.
you have got to be kidding, right?\n\nOne very odd thing...they have bathroom attendants.
I get the initial "Sync" call on the server, but then I never hear back from Google again.
The beer list isn't huge, but they do carry a few microbrews and some of the local swill.
You might want to use the proeprty (or some other property) instead.
not a bad apple in the bunch we brought home, and sweet strawberries, fresh asparagus, ripe mango, lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and more...\n\n-Dairy: feta cheese and milk \n\n-Protein: Hebrew National Salami and a huge pack of skinless, boneless, chicken breasts \n\n-Herbs and Spices: nutmeg, ginger, garlic, and more...
All along the bar counter, there were blurbs and excerpts of Packers and Badgers accomplishments underneath the laminated countertop.
I just typed this up and works perfect here Animation usage
Here's the deal:\n- It was Friday\n- It was Hot\n- The beer was Cold\n- The fish fry was exactly what you would expect in a place like this: great walleye!\n\n'Nough said...
My wife and I had breakfast at the Dor-Stop this morning and it was outstanding!!
I cannot say enough good things about Nathan.
At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway.
Definitely a better connection airport than Atlanta, Washington, or the New York airports.
It seems likely that you either want the procedure to take an additional parameter that is the key to the table so that the always returns a single row or that you want a function that returns a rather than a procedure that has multiple parameters.
As a consequence, we need a special operator to test for it.
If you would like some additional reading from the source I used, see the following link for a discussion on Oracle DML Bulk Binds and Record Processing .
I have read in many posts here that I should not use getBean method to get a singleton or a new instance from the applicationContext.
Excellent option for German in Charlotte!
Seems to cater to all different walks.
The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.
All of the meat has a specific taste/texture and the naan bread is delicious.
Do I take a 154 octet character message, append it to the 5 octet UDH, and send this to the modem as the message text, or do I have to encode my 154 message octet characters into a 7 bit character string, encode the UDH as a 7 bit string, concatenate the two, and send that text to the modem?
Is this call only to get an object to then call authenticateWithCompletionHandler: from?
I was thinking to get this accomplished through .htaccess - is that the best way?
I can say it was worth the $10...not for just the food but the ambiance.
Went to Walt's Auto for an inspection after seeing all of these great reviews on Yelp, and was so happy I did.
And yes ladies he is a \""hunk.\"" And a hell of a nice guy too!
Excellent prices, wonderful basic food, and outstanding service.
What an ideal combination of flavors.
But if you use you'll just get the categories that were finished.
:) Any suggestions on how to make this?
Is there a way to speed it up?
just good plain OLD stuff\n2) save for a couple of candles, there are no new booths trying to sneak in old-looking new things.
See: Warning If a connection opened by fsockopen() wasn't closed by the server, feof() will hang.
Eventually it seems tricky for me.
I mentioned to a friend that I was headed to one of the big chains (rhymes with Sprawl-Mart) to pick up some furniture for my balcony.
Three, The food is GREAT!\n\nMy favorite dishes are the Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice Soup and the Tofu Lettuce Wraps.
The benefits of a static site are: Security.
MSDN says: Columns of type text, ntext, and image cannot be used in group_by_expression.
The juxtaposition of creamy, tangy sauce with the crunchy, juicy shrimp combined with the fresh lettuce will have you swooning for more.\n\nOn to the combo...
So you can also set the firstView as rootViewController, but set the viewcontrollers attribute to put the Test viewcontroller that clears before viewcontrollers.
Should it not take around 7-8 sec to execute if all threads are running in parallel and are scanning the same amount of ports?
We arrived Sunday night at 7:30 and the parking lot was pretty full, a good sign.
See the Autofac documentation for more details (here an excerpt).
He did manage to fix it in my code by setting the appearance of the button in question to .
" + urltoshare; My code is: I need to detect the cancel event on this view.
Instead I check if overflow scroll is not supported and then if not supported i dynamically add a new stylesheet which has the heights of the body and container_wrapper as height: auto; instead of height:100%.
The calamari is the BEST appetizer on the menu, but I do always have sea weed salad and some edamame to start..
One of my all time favorite restaurants.
He saw the concern on my face and brought me over to family pictures showing how long the restaurant has been in business and has been a success.\nSo, not knowing what to order, because so many things looked yummy, he suggested the Pork Chop Florentine, OMG!!!
Testing: As noted by Saurabh, you can then create a GIN index: And query: UPDATE: Performance of vs array_agg/unnest I created table of 100K 10 element arrays (12 character random mixed case strings) and tested each function.
you'd have your one Log table, and then define how the data within it is partitioned) I listened to an interview with one of the eBay architects recently, who stressed the importance of partitioning when needing performance and scalability and I strongly agree based on my experiences.
All the food is good, esp the hash brown casserole, but we all knew that.
I do not sure what are the symbols will follow the character.
The cost of the suites were high (we received a corporate rate), but very well worth the price.\n\nCons - limited nearby parking and one of the front desk clerks was rude to my colleague during check-in.
The pasta was delicious this time, so I'm thinking it was just one-uped by the Filet Mignon at dinner.
I know that ArrayLists don't have a sort method so i'm having a bit of trouble doing this.
(You actually want to do this in C++ too in my opinion, but C makes it easier, so more people do it.) C++ reveals the implementation in the header, even though it technically hides it from access outside the class.
I turned this around and around and around, double-checked the value of every variable, and this just makes no sense.
I just want to say that for a fast good restaurant the customer service is excellent.
My quarter sleeve cover up is amazing and I will most definitely be getting my future work done by him.
You can also use tabbar controller's delegate method
I've been brushed on the leg and knee multiple times by cut-throat drivers in that parking lot.
A few years ago, I lost my partner and love of my life in a tragic accident.
(Not 100% happy with the Fit).
Friendly bartenders that recommend new and exciting brews/drinks even when the place is crowded.
It's just.....chocolate, as far as you can see.
One of the biggest attractions, though is Scarowinds at Halloween, a park-wide haunted trail for which they strengthen their workforce with several dozen seasonal actors to scare you throughout the night.\n\nAlso like others have said, if you're local, get a season pass.
I have checked the prices at Whole Foods and Market District, and often times you pay twice as much at those places for the same cheese.
Also, I need the GUI to be as similar as possible to the current ms-access front-end.
Its close to anything on campus, so if you need a pint to commemorate the end of a project or test - its the place to go.\n\nThat said, they make their money on all the younger students going out partying on weekends.
There's also some rentals if you need something last minute.
It was a busy day and she even remembered to refill my drink.
Correction: (The boxes need to be items in general so I can do the same for say, plants)
We were just around the corner and had Breakfast here most days.
The pedicure included callous removal and a massage.
With the $5 tour you get a small tasting glass and three different tastings.
Then I tell them I don't need it that fast and wait at least two weeks before picking it up.
Typically, it means process unexpectedly crashed because of some error in memory usage, and php just can't handle that error in any way.
First, you'll need a query that is supplying the values for your parameter.
The customer is always right.\n\nAt 2/$5, it's a bit pricier than what I'd expect a taco to cost elsewhere, but in Pittsburgh competing with other food vendors in the Strip, it's priced just right.\n\nThey also do chicken, pork and beef tacos as well as burritos ($5 as well), but if you're in the mood for awesome, do yourself a favor and get some LENGUAAAA.
Lots and lots of roses.\n\nMcGill is perfect for a picnic, a stroll with that special someone, a place to take kids, and especially for refuge from that awful train!
For example; So I have attempted to install the NuGet package on this project and I get the following errors.
\nIf you are looking for a punk show in Charlotte this or the Snug are your best bet.
When I got it back it was so much easier to play and I was immediately able to spend hours practicing on it without killing my fingers.\n\nSo in short, if you are looking to buy an instrument and/or get work done on one, definitely think about swinging by Empire.
Purpose of MSVCP90.dll You may be wondering why you need this weird dll?
is there any method to update the old profile and to make work build as usual.
It was delicious and the marinara makes the dish.\n\nDessert was a shared fresh berries and creme anglais.
Given this and the fact that they take no reservations, it'd probably be a hassle to go there with parties larger than 4.
There was a white, wheat and whole grain, sweet cinnamon and even breadsticks!
I got a cut that's a bit too short (that's the problem with cutting curly hair while wet - it \""shrinks\"" once it dries) but I really like it!\n\nThe hair salon is very trendy.
The final thing to ensure is that an invoice only has 0 or 1 Work Orders.
Friendly staff, good pool and exercise facilities.
I add chicken, pico di gallo, habanero salsa, cheese and top it off with tortilla strips.
I was disappointed but didn't complain about it.
Truly, the perfect complement to the sandwich.
The best hash I have ever had.
Only 1 object is produced and only 1 object is consumed.
Also, they do some of the \""unique\"" parts such as tripe, which I am a fan of.\n\nService is reasonably fast, the atmosphere is reasonably dingy in a comforting homey way, and the food is tasty.
It seems to be adding a significant margin to the left of the puzzle table, despite my explicitly setting its left margin to 0.
Else, check the "default" radio button.
If the images are on separate layers, you can use File > Scripts > Export Layers to files...
I want to draw a line and fill it with a repeating image in Objective C I don't need code, just a starting point.
intercept j_security_check when doing login in my login form which is based on j_security_check all ok.
This place has authentic Mexican cuisine.
Use either or, if you can, .
You can simply write separate predicates and refer to them.
tag cloud widget: What is the best way how to do it in Symfony?
This includes the ‘mnlm’ function, for sparse multinomial logistic regression, ‘pls’, a concise partial least squares routine, and the ‘topics’ function, for efficient estimation and dimension selection in latent topic models.
What you need is to detect when an element is added to a page, specifically element.
We were just going to sit at the bar and have a drink but someone ordered pizza next to us and it looked awesome.
works fine in the other browsers +IE8 how can i remove it?
In Private Sub DetailsView1_ItemInserting event I changed Dim txtYearPlant As TextBox = DirectCast(DirectCast(sender, DetailsView).FindControl("YearPlant"), TextBox) TO Dim txtYearPlant As TextBox = TryCast(view.FindControl("YearPlant"), TextBox) e.Values.Add("YearPlant", txtYearPlant.Text) So now the value in the PlantYear textbox is saved to the record.
\n\nBiggest gripe, as many would agree, is the parking situation.
Move the player according to that vector Problems with this method : If you have a force from gravity, or the like, you may find your character "sinking" into the ground.
You need to pass in a number larger than the number of characters read in between mark() and reset()).
\n\nAlso, I've never eaten here, because hot dogs are generally not good.
It's like creamy goodness, yummy heaven, sometimes, I think you can make Mac and Cheese just the entire meal.
THERE'S MORE!\n\nWhat in the world is a Sweet Potato Cake?
I'm looking for a way to render a widget inside a cell instead of drawing everything.
It's an older and mature crowd, but because of the way it's kind of tucked away, you'll seem like you really know something if you bring a date here.\n\nThere are a good number of wines by the glass, and some good cocktails.
I like to celebrate my birthday with some good food in the company of friends, so I usually select a restaurant and invite a few folks to join me.
There's just no way you'll regret it.
Double click on the Data Flow Task.
One way is with a custom binding handler.
Just go through the wizard for making a crystal report.
For example, log a message at every Nth passing the logging statement.
If you have a project that is on a budget or if you just want to go somewhere to get inspired to start a project than this is the place for you.
I think the reason you found it difficult to find the source code is that and are (generally?) implemented in assembly than in C.
The first time was a few years ago and I had the brisket and ribs.
If you don't want that, then:
Decent selection, and the food itself was certainly the star.
But if I don't want to match things like , word boundaries are the most convenient: You might be thinking "But I can get all of these things using " and you're kind of right...
Something of a Charlotte staple now, these guys are setting a standard.
\n\nWe were lucky to have this place in Pittsburgh - it's not like there was a lot to choose from.
The rocking chairs make me think of my grandparent's house at the lake.
My mom loved her chicken parm.
EDIT: This is in my web console:
They have an omelet station which was decent but I came for the German food.
When you are using HashMap (and Hashtable) the order of keys is unpredictable: it depends on implementation of method of class you are using as keys of your map.
@TeckSupport how about if you set up a function that pulls and writes the IP.dst: Is this what you were looking to do?
So...1 The in the tutorial has a ViewModel a bit like: This is used in axml as: This approach can only be done for ItemClick on the whole list item - not on individual subviews within the list items.
For the items to be the same, all 3 properties have to agree.
Alternatively i could make two viewmodels; one for draft and one for published, but seems kind of double work.
My parents ate here two days in a row, which says a lot because they're Asians from Asia and typically don't like greasy American-style brunch foods.
No one can learn programming just by reading books or written codes.
I doubt this matters, if it does you'll need a different solution.
We went for the buffet on a Sunday morning, and are so glad we decided to give it a try!
Direct pointers, where views correspond 1:1 with models (model.view and view.model).
Since (sadly) I didn't find a CSS-only solution for this problem, I ended up using jQuery to do the job.
My boyfriend loves the Italian Beef sandwich and it comes with a large basket of warm crinkle cut fries that I help myself to.
This is one of those places I really want to LOVE for some reason!
They give you the main choices between black, green and herbal, but you can also blend them together too.
\n\nas others mentioned, the Friday evening buffets are really worth it.
We shop here all the time.
There are body and rightsidebar in my website structure.
every time I am in Pittsburgh I have to stop in and get enough so I have take home.
I always love a good diner.
Here's the code I would use: Now assuming your tree was called and the label you wanted pruned was , you would call prune like so:
Service was just as fast as last time, and it was considerably busier this time around.\n\nMy boyfriend is convinced that their beef is not actually beef.
It is necessary to call ActionBarAdvisor.register() to make the save action available.
The service is great - they give you muffins, coffee and juice when you check in for your room.
The dot is being interpreted as the start of a class selector.
This place is close to home and had good reviews, so I decided to try them.\n\nI spoke for quite a while to the gentleman working.
The thing that you are trying to do is to access the folder just without read write permissions which is required by laravel.
This was definitely not my first pick when it came to Chinese restaurants, but I decided to come with some friends to try it out.
But I have no guilt for eating a whole sandwich by myself.
Then I need to new up that entity's Repository (also providing the correct type to the IRepository interface), and then call .Create().
The Chop Suey was made with a white sauce.
I don't like fries and I don't eat cheese, but I still loved my sandwich!
Great value, great service - CONSISTENTLY.
Other common uses of this are VO for Value Object and DO for Domain Object .
I chose fries as my side and those were good as well.
Are there any pluguin to do that?
Let me tell you....this guy knows his stuff.
What's great is that they can be eaten alone in a savory manner, or piled with fruit and whipped cream and more butter for a sweeter breakfast experience.
In you fiddle you have a controller which depends on two services, and : Both services and the controller define an event listener.
I have been to 3 weddings done by Occasions and that has never been the case.
Also the white bean salad/dip that is put out with the bread is amazing.
this is my save action: in the Config/Route.cs class I have a foreach loop that ties the slug to the ID: but i still keep getting a 404 page for all new pages unless i refresh IIS..What I would need to do is add a new MapPageRoute everytime I create a new "event" to avoid the 404.
Did i just see a Brooks Brother store here too?
Maybe \""yinzer good\"" isn't always such a bad thing.
I can't find much documentation on binding an element to change an partial, but maybe I'm searching for the wrong thing.
Regular washers for $1.50 a load\n4.
So what is the proper implementation by which my Qt Webkit browser can directly communicate over GPRS using my modem ?
Can I download that slider extension from my existing website.
We are immediately greeted by our server who wasted no time with the drink and food specials of the evening.\n\nI opted on the alcohol because I was still feeling nauseous from the 6 hour flight.
I don't get hungry later afternoon.
Shame about the lack of closures though as that would make things a lot cleaner.
Great pie...I could eat a whole large though...if you like a thin crust, you will love this
You can store a whole matrix in one column of a : The paper about the pls package, ( Mevik, B.-H.
A tiny sampling of the silliness.
They have daily specials for $3.50 for a full sub!
Retrieve Django ManyToMany results outside of the current model Hi I'm brand new to Django.
It's easy to know what to charge your customer.
Is there a way to fix this?
UPD: I didnt look into emailcomposer.js, there is array [args], where i can define everything i need, but i'm not sure how to do that Tried this way, but that didnt help
For this example, you could use the class.
As for its location, Merts is very convenient to lots of hotels in downtown Charlotte.
These are all comments: since the comment extends from the to the end of the line.
I tried it as follows: increases with every second spacebar press.
I have a constantly updating huge log file (MainLog).
javascript not counting properly So I have a timer pretty much, but it doesnt count seconds, it just counts up but not in the same speed as a normal second.
Been a fan since I was a little kid.
Once you have your component setup, you are free to choose how to deploy it, by adding it to something like a or , making your component more flexible and reusable.
That's true on one hand, but the amount of fantastic exhibits they have to offer are fantastic.
I've been playing around with fields, and have come across an odd behaviour that I cannot figure out.
For the price point their portions are well off, enough for me to finish the rest the next day.
There are dinner entrees as well and I've ventured there a few times and was pleasantly surprised..
A better solution might be to store your intermediate results in a buffer and append them to a with the correct encoding.
And there are some costs whenever I want to Join widget table with third table because I need to fetch Name from First Table.
It was so much food I couldnt finish it!!\n\nThe boyfriend got the Sesame Chicken and I tried a bite or two of his.
Developing UI is time consuming and error-prone because it involves design .
Then I thought to add another column, as such: then I tried That placed the values in the first columns as their own columns, but produced two rows (instead of 1), with NAs.
I suggest renaming to and adding a parameter.
I recently purchased a used car that was a great deal, but super filthy and reeked of cigarette smoke so I decided to have the interior detailed and steam cleaned.
Excellent and tasty with lots of flavor and spice, I cleaned the plate and then picked up the bone for chewing.
I'm sure someone will disagree, but when I looked into them, hoping they would solve my problem, I found them to be a "world of pain" (to quote the Big Lebowski), and hope that Perl6 has either done away with them or, better, completely rewritten them to be somewhat more usable and useful.
But I find the regular meals are great.
Food and service have always been good.
I would investigate adding a couple of parameters to that function, so that you can describe the direction you're going.
They aren't into 'ethnic food' at all.
I also sampled the french toast special as well as the spinach quiche, which was also quite delicious.
So you have to build the driver with this flag on, and then build the plugin by linking it to your build .
I can understand the other reviewer's complaints about it not being enough.\n\nThey also give you plenty of guacamole!
When you hit the submit button, you get the following error: Column count doesn't match value count at row 1 Can anyone tell me what the see wrong in the markup?
How do I determine if a box intersects a mongoDB collection of boxes using geospacial method?
The merchandise is good for the prices, the salespeople have always been helpful and friendly and courteous, the return/exchange policies are excellent, and the discounts and specials and sales are frequent and valuable.
What I would like to do, is take this string and apply the values to the original form when the user goes back to the form and 'pre-select' the checkboxes, indicating that the user has already selected those values previously, and keeping those values in the database if they choose to edit any other information in the form.
I had fried chicken and it was the best I've ever had.
Also-I forgot to mention that I am uninsured, but his pricing was so affordable, seriously the only single time I was heaitant with this Dr.
The dessert presentation was uniquely plated.
As an alternative you could also add self.name to init method of IphoneChat.If you need self.name in other functions not only in dataReceived then adding init with self.name is the way to go, but from your code it seems you only need it in datareceived so just add it there.
The documentation at is so darn ambiguous when it describes the concept of visibility, that I can't figure out when is called vs .
A terrific way to start the meal.\n\nNow Lidia, I know you'll never indulge me, but what on earth is in the dressing on your Caesar salad?
ANy idea or link I could refer to??
(apparently I wasn't the only one who asked, and it definitely took some doing to get this particular product imported.) Right then they won me over.
Feel free to ask how any of this works, I hope this helps.
That way different inputs to the machine activate different processes and bring it to different states.
This is treated by compiler as an argument of lambda: As we saw is .
See here the live version: If I open the iPod menu and than drag the dialog, the iPod menu is displaced.
That coffee was so good, I didn't even need cream and sugar.\n\nSlight downfalls: the waiter didn't know who was the birthday person (discreetly ask if you don't know, just don't plunk it down in front of someone) and the wait staff cleared away all serviceware before I was done.
For dessert, the chocolate pretzel stack was fantastic- perfect mix of chocolate, sweet caramel and the salty wonton chip.
\n\nSandwiches are great - all of them come with coleslaw and frenchfries (ON the sandwich).
Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini.
Linux: How to debug a SIGSEGV?
No idea if it's fast or slow; that probably depends on your machine and compiler.
For example, when a user clicks 'next', the current image fades out and the next image fades in.
They also offer free wifi.\n\nThey have HUGE front loader washers which is what I use.
All tips are requested to be cash.\n\nMy only complaint about the pedicure is I wish the massage lasted longer.
To use this either use "cmd+shift+B" or go to "Xcode -> Product -> Analyze" Also you need to ensure proper release of your view controllers.
The beauty of this method is that even if you're using a non-GNU compiler for actual compiling, the GNU compilers do a good job of calculating the dependencies.
Try to move it to outer scope, for example make it a member of the Class.
but i need it into a shell script.
Now my customers want to display .ics event with some color.
This method should fire an event when the change occurs.
Other than the food, their tea selections are great-- try the spiced chai.\nMy experience on weekend nights has been a full house with a mix of family groups at the tables, and college-age groups enjoying hookah in the pillow clad booths of the tea area.
I've tried explicitly using Virtualizing Stack Panel but that did not help much.
And this coming from a girl who \""does not\"" eat steak!
In FF, Chrome it works as intended.
I realize the link is for a ListView, but the TreeView in CE also supports custom drawing in the same way, and that link is the only custom drawn anything I've seen for the CF.
I had the Hawaiin Chicken dish - you have to try this, it was incredible!
I came in here with my neighbor!
We attended Wicked on a recent Sunday night.
I'm able to do this as a sequence, by making a queue of commands and having each callback method trigger the next command in the queue once it's complete, with the calculation as the last item in the queue.
I hope this makes sense, and thank you in advanced :)
When my daughter needed to have her impacted wisdom teeth removed, we were referred to Dr.
I thought I could do something like but I don't know how to call this function in the WebsiteKernel (= AppKernel).
Googling didn't yield any results, we don't know the terminology to search for.
I'm hiding a subview from a CustomView element with the following code: how can i add a fade animation on hiding this NSVIEW?
I love their combos because I always get to try different dishes.
That's novel enough to give Silver Mine Subs an edge over the nearby Subway.
After i developed my little ARMAX-forecasting model for in-sample analysis i´d like to predict some data out of sample.
They also have family style dishes which is one of my favorite things ever so I plan on trying that very soon as well.
LingPipe is released under a royalty-free commercial license that includes the source code, but it's not technically 'open-source'.
Take the element by name and read the value, to get the selected one, or empty if none is selected.
Is it certain , with all the complexities of rounding errors in JavaScript, that: This is to say that if the user enters 10, and 20 for A and B respectively, can I store the summed total (30) with A = .33333333 and B = .66666666 and later multiply the sum by these decimals to get back to the value of 10 (with no rounding error)?
But generated code apears on top of page, right below tag.
How to change data type of columns without dropping it I have this table that I am creating but i want to change budget code and office number in varchar instead of int.
What is there to say about Girasole?
shown like 1, 2 in bold in json format how can i get json like:-
LINQ JOIN and OUTER JOIN - How to turn SQL into LINQ expression I would like to turn the following SQL query into a LINQ expression (using Entity Framework 6.1).
Apples and oranges in terms of preparation but, it was crisply breaded, still tender and served with lemon and some awesome Marinara sauce.
settings.py Problem If I run the following command to scrape a website: With ITEM_PIPELINES commented out - then it works correctly and exports all results to a wiki.json file.
This is my favorite bar on campus.\n\nIt is a solid pub where they serve cheap and delicious beer.
Ok, I downloaded your zip and ran the program.
\n\nThe cheese was very good and the accoutrements well-paired.
I would like to do this the same way but I only want to include the bundles that are saved as "allowed for this website" in the database.
CHUD.com isn't the best movie website in the world but it's damn good!
I normally get take out since I live in the area, but sitting here is quite an experience too.
\n\nUpon walking into the store (clean, typical Best Buy footprint), there was a young lady in the middle of the aisle who appeared to be there to help direct traffic.
High quality veggies, so don't pass them up.
the shape looks like this: Actually I wonder about the Power of CSS3 at this point,because I have read somewhere that is not possible to create a concave curve or other complex rounded shapes in CSS,and I appreciate This article is about to show the creation of this kind of rounded shape using CSS,but it's not exactly the same shape,but it's useful for peoples whom interested.
SO, here is how I design classes: My question is that, can I put into Member?
Neither Yii nor PHP is desgined for this sort of work.
I have recommended more people to this salon and they are also very happy.
But you're going there for the steak, right?
Does the Android Service run in the background at all times?
This is the code i'm writing Couldn't understand what could be the possible cause of this error..
If it is, is there a way I can change the way spring security manages its connections?
These are often used to represented a probablistic model.
Oh, and really you can go through any security checkpoint and easily access your gate.
Beautiful saffron color from the cooked down red lentils, just the right mix of cumin and lemon, and a back end of heat, I'm guessing from Aleppo pepper.
This was a solid stop for a lunch with my grandma and my mother.
Now that sounds good!\n\nCan't wait to return.
So CodeIgniter's controller generates obfuscated names (by ) each time it makes a form and stores them ( array) in session (originally , now in ) to retrieve them upon the following/next request with user data (account and password values).
So depending on which part of the city you live in, you can plan accordingly.
You can add a click handler to each link in the element then set teh value of the text box Demo: Fiddle Using jQuery Demo: Fiddle
See here for an example project on GitHub demonstrating the problem.
Do you just chalk it up to the fact that development is vast, and it's more important to be able to find things quickly than to learn it all?
Although everyone comes here for the pho, i also like the fried rice and the egg noodles with tofu yummy!
Genre sections are clearly labeled and easy to find.
The last time I went in for food and a beer it was lovely.
The embed tag works exactly like include with added benefit of allow extending the blocks defined in the embedded template.
The garden often hosts events and fundraisers.
My family has been going to Dr.
Best.\n\nWe found Papa J's at random on July 4th last year because, in typical Pittsburgh fashion, it was raining.
The pastries and sweets are always evolving, so every time you visit there will be something new to try.
Modify File Contents based on starting element/string I have a HL7 File like: I have to read only OBX segments and get the text after 5th pipe (|).
I have stayed at this hotel on three separate occasions now, and each time I have been impressed.
There is a good example at the Android Developers page: Also check this link : gl, Refael
Lobster was good just cause lobster IS good but there was nothing overly remarkable here.
I asked for a table outside and had my pick...probably a little chilly for some but just right for me.
One of the best Spicy Tuna rolls in town.
This location has a drive thru.
They have a great selection of pizzas but my personal favorite is the buffalo chicken.
Then I could show the integer value as a measure value, but I couldn't show the string value as a measure.
Overall, my bill ended up being 40$.
Only 2.99 to add to an entree.
\n\nAnd we got to meet David!
Stratergies to collect analytics and error in windows 8 metro app I have build a metro app using javascript, i have written around 6000 lines of codes.
Use grep: is to match lines that starts with "hello".
I also read that the cost was \""ridiculous\"" in Sara H.
\n\nKids are expected to behave (and ours have been reminded as have we - good for all).
\n\nAlso, while the atmosphere is definitely kid friendly, almost all of the buffet options are fairly spicy, too spicy for almost all kids.
Integrate an E-Mail server into ASP.NET I've a general design question: I have a mailserver, written in C#.
What is the equivalent in Python 2?
The attitude was, \""Hangon a dang minute, I'll get there when I get there, you'll eat what we give you, and girl you did NOT finish all of your vegetables.\"" \n\nFood: Mmmmmmm.
From android create a async task to execute that php.
The result is less text, but much more execution time due to suboptimal plans.
If Ajax returned without any information nothing happens in "else" block.
They did get out food out to us really quickly, but if we would have come 15 minutes later we would have had to wait in a long line to place our order, and then would have had no where to sit.
It should be relatively fast, so logs are out of the question .
For example, , , I only need to define UserResource and GroupResource But what if I have API url like , saying I want to retrieve all users in group 2.
As a first step I am creating a simple lockscreen that unlocks on click.
There is a decent sized kids area near the entrance as well.
Figured out how todo it in one sheet.
We now have one in Seattle.
The sushi is great, but if it was anything less than great I'd be worried about Soba.
Would you suggest something for me to read about filters and also how to perform security with servlets and filters??
I googled for this topic and found that in R, there is a package called "map" will allow you to draw a heat map of the states of US pretty easily.
Had you, on the other hand, set the static instance value to a constant, you could (by using the constant) have a reference that is equal to the static instance.
Roslyn is two things: An API that lets you see "compiler things" like syntax trees and symbols.
Set mongo db via JNDI in Tomcat i have a persistence.xml with the following structure: I want to set the properties via JNDI.
This approach have better performance, cause you are setting the find to a var and doing a loop instead of doind a loop with the find.
However they only have Korean songs, so if you can't read Korean you're out of luck.
It would be nice to grab something right when I get off work versus waiting for 5pm to roll around.
Interate through a Pandas dataframe I want to upsample my data.
Received re-install email, clicked on the link, and it goes back to same screen and the same error occurs again.
I can say I was pleasantly surprised.
Sink is located outside bathroom door in the room.
I'd recommend not using synchronous ajax request, it would be better to use a callback.
You will not be let down.
Crepes filled with NUTELLA, strawberries and bananas...to me, that is like HEAVEN!
We both love Thai food and Thai Cuisine is still the best we've ever had (2nd best so far is in Virginia Beach, VA).\n\nTheir Pad See Ew, Three Flavor Chicken, and Thai Spring Rolls are our regular favorites.
Prior to that, anybody could access the main concourses and the restaurants they have.
On Holy Days they offer a multitude of Mass times so you can get to Mass and still get to work for the day.
How does tastypie handle comlex url?
AND my dogs are happily posted on the wall (the Christmas chihuahuas- one is the devil and one is the angel).
There were some great cheese spreads we tried, too.
Robert has been professional and thorough, keeping me informed throughout the whole process.
Spring Session does not currently support HttpSessionListener.
My 16 year old son finished his burger in no time flat, along with his hashbrowns, that he loved.
You could use some sort of high-throughput system to manage the calls that are actually made or somesuch.
I don't even think I need to answer that question.\n\nThese are GOOD crepes.
Yes, to develop a CKAN extension you have to install CKAN from source.
Okay, I know it's Bed Bath, and everyone knows Bed Bath.
Now I need to load these images in another page, but I don't want to expose the folder as public.
We don't live there but stumbled into this place while walking down the Strip District.
In other words, you replace with .
You need to specify exactly what you want to prevent them from butchering them.
I've stayed in Middleton before but this location can't be beat.
Got to try this one if you like eastern tastes!!
So I tried by splitting up the send and receive coroutines but now after sending the first message to the server the client is unable to send any other message.
Are you sure the font is loaded correctly?
I have got the raw xml string back and loaded it in to simplexml with Now if I do I get (condensed): So I want to isolate the 'Items' array so I can process the returned items.
The programs both have a client and server to send data back and forth.
Overall, I was happy with lunch and with the service and I would probably go again for the lobster roll or the clam chowder.
In grid only first 50 or 100 data will be shown in first page.
Please suggest me the better way of getting the information of logged in user.
2D NSString array usage inside block method Why am I not able to use this?
\n\nThey have a good selection of beers and even offer a sampler option.
They also have a traditional pizza place menu with salads, hoagies, breadsticks, pastas, and munchies.
the UI first, mocking the service layer ?
the first query took 5 seconds, while the second one took 20 seconds.
How to pass parameters / arguments from one javascript snippet to another, when evaluated My goal is to execute a javascript snippet using another javascript snippet using call.
\n\nPrices can be on the higher side so if you don't find yourself making a grand purchase, inspiration is certainly guaranteed upon exiting the business.
Maybe I am mistaken though ...
When the APP runs on Android 4.4 or 5.0 smart phone, the BLE connection and pairing works well.
\n\nAlso, in the lobby there are pre-printed directions to local businesses.
Cheeses, cured meats, breads, home made pasta.
Sometimes, It happens, when your byte[] not decode properly after retrieving from database as blob type.
Every time I order it comes to my door the next day.
i drive out of my way to go there, and its just a dry cleaner.
It's a great little place w/irish pub ambiance.
In my year in Raleigh, I've tried three area hair places -- no one is Craig.
Very busy and always on the move.
This problem can sometimes be caused by disabling or refusing to accept cookies.
This place is a jewel in the middle of Walnut Street!
Especially the one that never stepped foot inside.
Select is a delegate for Edit.
Overall, if you have an interest in aviation, check this place out, there is room for improvement down the road, but I enjoyed my time there.
Relatively easy to navigate and non-smoking.
Would recommend the sushi and sashimi over other dishes here.
I only ate half but took the rest home.
His staff was also very kind and comforting.
What you can try is like Try this out it may help you though i'm not sure but it worked for me.
I got the 'County Down Cheeseburger' with bacon and a fried egg!
In the back of the place they appear to have just about everything you would expect a bar to have.
Great service too from Maranda, a doll.
\n\nFirst, ordered the corn chowder, and the lobster maki for starters.
Service was great, including providing a local 3-mile and 5-mile running maps Breakfast was excellent.
Epic Center area is really loud at night which makes this hotel ideal since its one block away from the noise
Then, try the following: Working proof: What I am doing in this fiddle is selecting the element with the class .showornot INSIDE the button's parent element.
I dig them, but those who prefer the snap of dolmathes will find these softer, but just as flavorful\n\nAll in all, outstanding.
Database is meant for data not files!
I found some surprising entries on the wine list, including one of my favorite Regusci Cabernet Sauvignon 2006, The food was pretty good, very tasty filet mignon and cooked well.
I have one column with dates I've submitted info, but some rows in the column haven't been submitted.
Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season.
I thought protected members were only accessible to subclasses.
The beef ribs and pulled pork melt in your mouth delicious with an outstanding tomato and vinegar based sauce.\nSides of okra, collards, Mac & cheese paired well.
When the first call returns myAjax will be holding the value of the second call already, making the first call not display anything.
I have two main goals with this.
Thanks for such a wonderful place to stay!
The staff seemed genuinely friendly and attentive.
Clay, Phoebe and the rest of the staff will do their best to make you welcome!
The distant server is not blocking me nor blacklisting me, as I am able to re-launch my script any time I want with good results in the beggining (the code starts to slow down at pretty random time).
I believe I know how to do this with the correlation parameter for the lme function.
This place is a cool place in Charlotte.
I had a very similar problem myself: I was developing a C program (using the MinGW gcc compiler) which used the curl library to do http GET operations.
BUT--it is not slow like you might expect.
Great light combination and not too heavy.
I typically opt to sit at the bar, where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.\n\nThe food is typical PF Chang's: delicious.
my logcat logs please provide a workaround for this
xcode settings -- path to link map file -- what is it?
They cook a giant pancake and roll it up over a variety of fillings.
NoSQL is very different from relational data storage.
So far I have tried the following A2 copied down: Seed value may be any real number.
The photo gallery uses the whole screen.
Is it possible to restrict renaming a exported file in VB.NET ?
Along side of that I had a bowl of grits made perfectly.\n\nThe service at almost every Showmars is what I think really sets it apart from other chains.
The only downside I can possibly think of when it comes to D's is the magical time powers that seem to exist in the beer cave.
its because the json you are using is not valid.
This should return the third digit that of a number!
My wife ordered the blackened chicken and she thought it was great...great flavor and juicy.
Since traversing a binary tree requires some kind of state (nodes to return after visiting successors) which could be provided by stack implied by recursion (or explicit by an array).
\nThat being said, I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp.
I don't know how you'd be able to walk around with a real axe, but if you needed one, it's there!
To be more specific: What will be inside $sill if it doesn't exit the loop from the last?
It's known to be a bit expensive computationally.
XML is not so much "binary" as it is an abstraction on top of binary.
In case anyone ends up running into a similar situation, here was my solution: First to explain my datasets: Basically instead of having the allFoos object that I passed to a master report, and then trying to pass the corresponding Bar object to the subReport, I created a new object: So basically I flattened the data.
The query runs fine through Enterprise Manager but the web page crashes with the YSOD and the message The conversion of a nvarchar data type to a datetime data type resulted in an out-of-range value.
This Y happens to be right next to my house so I visit quite often.
At the end, you can return .
StackOverflow users While making a html5 application/website, for such cases as an image gallery, where a large number of images are displayed sequentially or at the same time in the browser, is the use of the canvas element justified?
They have great slaw and fries and the staff were very friendly and accomodating.
As long as these signatures match, everything will work fine.
If they have values selected (which the 'type' and 'startTime' will have one selected on load), I want to move to the next page.
External HTML page, inside AJAX Iframe?
I am trying to change the character value pointed by a pointer variable.
I suspect that it is getting lost after the query parameter.
It was \""too spicy\"" for her, but I really can't tell you what she meant because it is not spicy at all.
\nThe line can be long but the staff is very efficient-- I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes.
This was a bug with that particular version of Chrome.
I'm a big fan of the steak salad, although the fact that it has fries in it really does weird me out.
I recently visited this eye doctor after moving to the area, and had a great experience.
I went to M.C.N salon because I had seen positive reviews on Yelp.
And you should use only this function.
The wedding cake tasted AMAZING and the design that Carl came up with was simple and very classy.
I ended up getting the cherry though...
Copying specific struct members to another structure so I have a file from which I have to load a number of tracks, find tracks longer than 3:30 and find the average bpm of those tracks.
I've always thought I've been a pretty damn good cook my whole life.
I came last Saturday on a whim.
It isn't remembering the last used set on the directory, it's loading the gemset from the file in that directory
Actually wish i didn't get the chicken (even though it was super tender), I just didn't get as much rice...which probably would have been really good with the sauces.
Activerecord seems to ignore my second in a chained AR query.
Ahh the Park House.\n\nOh so you say you are looking for a bar?
The customer service at check in was spot on.
Javascript show div when button is clicked I realize that this is a common question and I have searched for solutions and the one that I'm trying to use (it works in jsfiddle) but when I tried to use it in my website it just won't work.
Class : log4j.properties i can see info,warn,error on console but not debug value..!!
\n\nI prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos.
\n\nFor starters, all you brides-to-be, I'm sure you know that this is the wedding registry central - the ultimate place for all your needs as a new couple.
Very yummy and served with a side choice.
So I could use structural types to code in a duck typing style, by formally declaring my "duck types" as structural types.
\nFast, entertaining, friendly and did I say fast?
The simple solution for the last bullet-point is to add the file in a libraries folder and reference it from the project.
My approach is to create a new char array the same length as the sentence.
I want to read the custom property when I click on the submit button, but I do not know how I can read the custom property.
I stopped in here after seeing the place on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.
Walking Walnut in Shadyside you usually don't think to walk down the side streets unless you have a purpose for doing so.\n\nJourneys, not to be confused with the chain shoe store, has a nice mix of items.
popup with bootstrap how can i create a popup with MVC bootstrap?
All of the escalators and walkways were functional and restrooms were very clean.
if moving away from tables is not possible, you can probably hide the row, then instantaneously move the row to position, and create a div that looks just like it and move that around, then after the animation you kill the animation div and show the new row.
The upcoming C++ standard has lamda functions, which are really anonymous nested functions.
I know I can have everyone in model and write some middleware to protect certain routes based on roles, but then again, unfortunately, I don't get to choose here.
Because I have very limited UI capability (no real keypad on the device that the modem is attached to), it is highly desirable if an end user does not have to enter any APN information.
I called and they said they were quite busy but if I could get there quickly, they had an open table for us.
The main museum is located in a hanger with a gift shop in an adjacent building.
Ok, on your second question, exporting and importing passwords, the encryption is done per user (and I'm pretty sure per machine), so you can't export it, and then have another account import it, but for just straight saving an encrypted password you can use these functions:
I absolutely love the food here.
Fantastic service by the wait staff and entertaining performance by the chef.
When you turn it back to a string in an implicit way, you get a lossless* string conversion, which is most readable in scientific notation, so that's what's used.
You can also just say to print the elements with no separator at all.
Redirect to another route when `mapHooks` fails I have defined following : Sometimes, post cannot be found and I'd like to redirect user to the another page.
If you look in the code, it looks like there was a pull request to get generators in, but for some reason that hasn't happened.
The crab meat corn-chowder appetizer is the finest appetizer I have ever had in my life.
I've tried changing sendfile from on to off as noted in this link: And I couldn't find a Nginx cache file to delete the cache.
\n\nBoo and I split an appetizer (the mushroom, spinach dumplings) and the pad thai entree.
The problem was with following tag in web.config file.
Here View reference your Button's View.
I have looked into changing the DIV for a set time that matches my slider and make an array that matches the colour of the background image so the button will change colour according to my array.
Would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious.
5 star because there is nothing negative that you can say.
I thought HTML was whitespace independent - why the difference in behaviour of the two?
I have created what seems like an adequate structure to hold the data.
edit If all other attempts fail, try to re-compile the DLL you're using setting the target to X86 on the compiler and re-reference it in your web app.
We can mapping the event type to the subscriber type in a dictionary.
I didn't find anything in angularfire documentation.
I need to develop an app that is going to search for apps in the app store and suggest the best of them to the user depending on the query.
But it feels wrong to return a php-file.
I also love the fact that the bakery sells little milk bottles and tea cartons - you'll definitely need a drink to wash down any and all sweet treats you pick up here.
We decided we wanted to do family-style so we ordered some appetizers, salads, and entrees.
To use it like regular HTML, you got to think in regular HTML!
Whenever I'm in Bloomfield, I've gotta stop in at Donatelli's.
My only disappointment in the whole meal was that I had two beers which helped fill me up.
I think they have a pretty decent cocktail and wine list.
My sister, who is lactose-intolerant, had found the menu a bit dairy-laden, but she did end up finding a chicken breast entree that is now her favorite.
Generally your application should package MSVCP90.dll unless you are sure that the target machine have the matching CRT.
My waitress Hanna seemed genuinely excited that this was my first time there and recommended several dishes, all of which didn't disappoint.
The rest of the items in the list are the items that are from New York no matter if they are on sale or not.
In the contact form, I added RadioButtonList, and its rendering button over text, rather than button then text in the same line.
You might modify to support variadic method calls.
When I'm home it's not a big deal but sitting in my office it really takes away from the convenience factor and I get that I can ask them but 1) should I really have to?
Angular - linking to a ngInclude partial I have followed the documentation on setting up and have it working (loading in HTML partials) and changing the partial when a select option is changed.
Code: I tried putting the NestedScrollView on a Fragment but that doesn't worked.
I have an open websocket connection on the page and a link to an email address (mailto:***).
A solution is to replot the line on top of the scatter: In this case, forcing points and lines both to be blue.
I don't think they have as many as some bigger airports do, but it's definitely better than it used to be when every one at the gate was competing to sit on the floor by the one wall outlet.
It's an old-school 6-screen movie theater, where some of the screens have about 30 seats and smell pretty old.
For example, when user log in with correct credentials the url should look like this: localhost/app/controller/function (just for instance).
By "provision", I mean create a provisioning script that builds my CMS (we're only using Drupal for that purpose) starting with a clean virtual machine with only OS and web server.
are you sure that you check between 2 integer values?...
You have to unpack the result tuple and pass the new state value to the next function, use the reported value somewhere else, and then unpack that result, and so on.
The issue is that when arrays are passed to functions, the array decays down to a pointer to the first element, without any capacity information.
I'm not a fan of spicy food and the waiter recommended instead of blackened, I can order the fish or chicken to be grilled and it was amazing.
As J L said, the easiest way by far is to use jQuery .click() with an appropriate locator.
Can't remember the name but it was really good.
Input field is being created by clicking 'add field' button.
What I do is create a file with the extension of .d for every .c or .cpp file, and then "include" the .d files.
\n\nOn this visit, I had the garlic beef.
Then it loops back to the beginning.
This is useful with animations that scale the size of the children to more than 100% for instance.
I ordered the Shepherd's Pie which was veryyy good, definitely recommend it!
To test this try opening a pdf with a basic text editor like or .
By looking at the Gruntfile.js you can see the tasks registered.
I booked an appointment after having many failed attempts with other stylist that are not able to work with biracial hair.
Oh upstream how I love thee.
What could be going on here?
Specifically, the docs say: The order of the subviews may be considered as being back-to-front, but this does not imply invalidation and drawing behavior.
The wall behind the bar is actually fitted with a headboard (rumored to be that of the brothel madam), and there's a red light at the stairs.\n\nThe decor is all deep wood, low lighting, and mysterious feel.
Allerdings hat die Einreise \u00fcber 2 Std gedauert und der Anschlussflug schien gef\u00e4hrdet.
C standard: L prefix and octal/hexadecimal escape sequences I didn't find an explanation in the C standard how do aforementioned escape sequences in wide strings are processed.
A proper holster, some speed loaders, a cleaning kit, a trigger lock and a bunch of 'dummy' bullets so that I can safely practice reloading.
but by Charlotte standards, it's fantastic.\n\nI had the Chicken Coco Loco.
You'll have to write instead of etc.
Please provide an example for solving this problem.
You can't force something to be synchronous if it goes outside of the event loop like an ajax call.
This is definitely a good way to avoid the over priced, over processed major grocery chain food selection.
The Renaissance is a beautiful hotel in an ideal location of Pittsburg.
Some folks complain about this, but I feel the perceived handicap is a disguised opportunity for me to learn how to overcome issues while on the track.
That is a job for UIView.
What it does not tell you is whether some other index(es) would be more efficient.
A local branch can only track a remote branch for pushing if the local and remote branches have the same name.
The initial state in my app loads the leaflet map just fine.
One more thing I need that grouped total to be sum up as well there.
Each time this code is run it is run in its own thread.
$3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times.
Projects are mostly written in PHP.
Double down with hummus and tabulee.\nWill be back for dinner soon!!
A very good venue, with a food court.
As a rule, numpy is used for scientific calculations in python.
For me, that one item is the Grilled Chicken Breast Dinner.
solution is add an extra class dialogaddSeasons and use rules listed below:
Thursdays are salsa night and Friday/Saturday you get a mix up the after theater crowd and the night owls.
old skewl film x-rays) and you can book your appointment online and do your paperwork in advance.
It's similar to "highlighting" just replace with another kind of tag you wish to use..
The menu offers anything from soup to noodle dishes to stir fry.
If you Yelp while inside the airport itself there was a decent modern sushi, asian-fusion, independent IIRC but I can't remember the name.\n\nRestrooms were actually clean.
The store clerks are usually not very helpful because 1) this place runs on a very small staff and everyone is always busy, and 2) many of the employees don't speak English very well.
My wife LOVED her falafel sandwich...which is really saying something, as she's somewhat of connoisseur.
Ok, so I solved it (pretty much).
Android custom CursorAdapter with AsyncTask I'm trying to build a list with an image that is taken from the device and a text.
This is the best Hampton Inn that I have ever stayed in.
.NET CLR / Framework detection at runtime Is it possible to determine at runtime: Which version of the .NET framework the application is targeting?
The last is to be sure you do not include nulls if the first is not found in the list.
The food tastes a lot more \""real\"" than IHOP and Waffle House and it's just overall a better experience.
Suppose the problems, when fixed, would save these percentages: Just finding one of them would give you a certain amount of speedup.
TaggedBlogPosts, TaggedArticles, etc.) on the Tag class.
Don’t just assign them a guid or a random string as it does matter for performance.
For example, their mashed potatoes have an asian twist to them and are a little bit spicy!
(Thankfully, I keep red pepper flakes at work, so I was able to spice it up to my preference.) \n\nThe lunch entree comes with a vegetarian spring roll which is quite small but tasty.
\n\nI mostly land on the Caesar salad with grilled shrimp.
On hot days, or heck, even on lukewarm days, this is the place to be.
The column not specified, which will become my first column, is where my open/close display will go.
I would never have ordered those dishes anyway so I won't count that against them.\nI would like to try lunch here - I saw a buffet table, so that might be a more cost efficient choice for this place.
You can create your own CSS file.
And the tuna was seared expertly, still gorgeously garnet and cool in the middle, complemented by a crunchy, nutty sesame crust and that flavorful rice.
What you should be doing is making the best of the round trip: combine the message with as much additional data as the peer might later need.
There are a couple tables, a few high tops and a decent amount of seating at the bar.
Something like this perhaps: The reason we need to use a copy of the string, if because modifies the string.
Looking into apache's error.log I see: And yes, I cleared the prod cache...
Missing architecture x86_64 for MediaLibsDemo I am using the following library for connecting to the Red5 server.
They are called Callaloo or Callolo.
\n\nI need you to understand that this traditional event was very important.
I loved the decor and it made great back drops for my photography.\n\n2- The rooms had adjoining doors which made it very easy for our guests to mingle.\n\n3- Jay Jay at the front desk was so friendly and helpful.
The beer selection is really great-- we decided to get the trio of Irish beers featuring Harp, Swithwicks, and Guinness.
I was tempted to try something new on the menu but our waitress said you can never go wrong with the tofu tacos and she is right.
You just need to properly sign the request.
Fried Rice and Hot & Sour soup.\nWe have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida.
Upswing in furniture recently which has made this my go-to before St.
Let me tell you, beyond impressed.
is there a way that I can utilize the .py's from elsewhere?
There are lots of great classes to take advantage of, a nice selection of local produce (best in town next to the farmer's market), and the seasonal displays at the front are really nice.\n\nI also love the fun events held there like the annual seed swap and the occasional music performance on the patio.
So you should do things like put outside the try/catch, and then close it in a finally block of the try/catch.
DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY IT'S COVER.\n\nA hidden gem, this place is phenomenal - best Thai food I've ever had.
Also has the most parking available too.
If you live in NYC, I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.
It is my understanding that covariance shows the dependence among the variables in a dataset, but will it be correct to state that based on this covariance graph we can say that the average score of the games rises as the years rise ?
Or shouldn't I even try to make this kind of test work?
Notice that all the parameters are after Edit: If you entered the page with other parameters, the may be further out in the link.
AFAIK you can't populate it "manually".
It came with house fries which are to die for, and the crepe itself had all the flavors and textures of a hamburger, but with an Excellent pattie...
Best tool to generate normal distribution graph in java or jquery I want to generate normal distribution graph for a set of values as in the link ,I have tried using but could not get the desired output Is there any way to generate the graph as it is in the link with java or jquery from the calculated mean and standard deviation?
I had to chance to go to Visulite recently to see a performance by Toubab Krew and John Brown's Body....\n\n....Let me begin by saying that both bands were spectacular and brought exciting, make-you-wanna-dance grooves to Visulite.\n\nAs others have stated, the drinks, especially beers are CHEAP.
Event table eventID - address 1 - 122NY...
It's the perfect compliment and I now refuse to get sweet potato fries anywhere else because I'd just flat out miss that sauce too much!
Nice light batter and very crispy with a good amount of sauce.
Performance isn't really a consideration, assuming that you're not talking about gigabytes of XML.
\n\nWhile I'll continue to be an ATM kinda gal, it's nice to know that folks inside this bank are getting the job done.
You can get min and max per user , then the rest you need to do from the client side - Here , you need to make a bucket per name using terms aggregation .
\n\nThought it was worth a review.
\n\nI could not recommend him enough.
While empty when we arrived, I can definitely see this place being crowded at lunchtime between 1130-130 so heads up on that!
It was actually very nice and there are a ton of shops and restaurants to choose from.
My wife and I have been eating here for many years now.
I've been in Champaign for several years and whenever I need my Chinese food fix, I know exactly where to go.
If not get your questions and store them into and set the counter to 0.
I sat at the bar and Richard was my waiter.
The service is always quick and friendly.
You can of course manually correct it too, but why not use the tools provided?
Best vegetarian chili on the planet!
\n\nThe people who worked here were incredibly helpful and friendly.
For Dinner try any of their specials, I've had them all!
You can do that using three possibles methods : Design a workflow that is fired on item creation and which is attached to the list Create an EventReveiver to handle ItemAdded event, and create the SP group Modify the new form of the list.
I'd definitely go back to Dexter's - sure, they dropped the ball, but they did an honorable thing and made everything right by us.
I've always loved this bar and have gone since it opened.
The selection changes constantly, so if you want to find a treasure, you might need to hunt patiently.
Decide if you want to use Subclipse or Subversive and download a zipped updated site for the version you want to use.
I disagree with the solution suggesting 2 left joins.
When no wedding band matched exactly, we had ours custom made and they came out even better than expected.
I particularly like the steak and fries, and my girlfriend often gets the beef stroganoff crepe.\n\nThe waitstaff are very talkative and interesting people, and make the place seem very friendly.
This is not only a nice place to go if you're craving something vegetarian.
If you are going to Rankin for prenatal care and delivery, there is a team of 7 doctors (although I think one of them only practices at the Ballantyne location) and you will be encouraged to meet all of them as any one of them could be on call when you deliver.
However everything in room was clean and didn't feel disgusted at all.\nBreakfast and dinner are included mon-Friday as is free beer at happy hour.
Now the page curl is from left to right and from right to left like a note book.
I believe it requires a migration.
However, all this is hidden by my simple one line statement.
here is very simple solution with a short css display:table here is css its look like this
That file ultimately gets downloaded into the client directory with the HTTP response headers, as I have designed my protocol.
Even though they are a bit more expensive than \""budget\"" vets around town, the experience here has always been worth every penny.
Like the question says, can you scan a barcode with the camera?
Put two hours on that meter and set a timer on your phone for 1:55 just in case.\n\nIt's a little spendy (expect to spend $25+/person + drinks), but if you want a nice meal in Chambanavoy this is about as good as it gets.
You won't see 10/$10 deals, because the food isn't crap, and you're not supposed to stockpile fresh foods.
Most recently, I saw wicked, which was amazing!!!
It was originally $450 and IKEA no longer made it so it was a great find!
Well, I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.
It looks like you are trying to make a pretty generic search stored procedure with paging.
They were a nice addition to the cookies and display beautifully.
I've brought business contacts and executives from my firm to Louisiannes'.
Possibly the best kept vegetarian secret in Charlotte.\n\nWent for a \""romantic\"" birthday dinner.
My app does stuff, and now wants to send the user to a different URL, eg.
Well if I could give it 4.5 I would.
It doesn't help that the place tends to be pretty empty, at least from what I've observed - a lack of visible patrons definitely can keep people away.
defaults &ltobject> Fill in missing properties in the input data.
So basically, I have 3 divs, they can be control using a href html, the first one, its function will move to the first div, second move to center div, and last move to the 3rd div the last one.
The veal cannelloni is awesome too.
The rolls were also very good.\n\nFor the main course, I ordered the Wienerschnitzel, which was okay though a bit tough.
If they don't provide an argument, set that argument in to .
Totally looked like they would be gross, but were delicious.
I'd like to change this, but it's not my question, since for now I can run python3.4 to get the newer version I installed.
Anyone that has biracial hair or children with it should make an appointment with her, you will not be let down!
The amount of fish was great and it was very fresh.
I was a giddy schoolgirl the whole way home.\n\nFYI- it is still cash only and the parking lot can get a little wild.
I'm trying to do something similar to this The idea is the inner div floated to left but when it became wider than the parent it's stick to the right side of the parent and part of the left side became hidden.
Wide range of food: from wings, to burgers, steaks, salads, fish tacos, and a ton more.
(It can be done using FQL , but that's deprecated and won't be supported for much longer).
Invoke the method in the object before adding to the list.
Am I looking at the wrong field to retrieve retweets?
Finally, yesterday my company took us their for lunch and I did not leave disappointed.
How do I create search bar which will update search on typing letter?
I come here at least once a week.
Otherwise, the entryway was clean and had an open feeling.
Is the irregular exit at the end of my log messages caused by the inconsistency in the partition table?
Like most college students my common sense eventually came back, but that's another story.\n\nWell he took me back and showed me the raw beans, and how they roasted them.
From what I read I have to use lambda.
The data type for the child column must match the parent column exactly.
Definitely recommend this place to the locals.
UPDATE Here what I've tried on $stateChange:
Gets busy at brunch time on the weekends.\n\nQuiet Storm gets 4 for its food, 5 for cool factor, and 5 overall.
Change all with command line I'm wondering if there is a way to change a specific word in all of the files within the /www/ directory using command line.
I don't know if that will change as summer rolls but more local would be great.
You might want to try: The answer is it depends on the structure of your document.
They had good meat on them and the hot sauce had decent flavor to it.
Executing a function after the previous function has finished running I have a function which I need to run 10 times.
The WCF request will contain data from columns A,B and C.
I have two files: web.clj and landing.clj.
Both would execute the delegate on the current thread, right?
\n\nHe takes appointments and even though the man is very busy he will try to accommodate walk-ins but I would suggest you call ahead first.
This rating is inflated because of the location: I\""m coming from the Bay Area where there are tons of great Mexican joints and Fiesta doesn't really compete with them, but it's by far the best we have here in C-U.
It's a huge \""department store\"" thrift shop, with tons of clothes and household items for really cheap.
It is wonderful to have such a nice park here in the Carolina's!
Executing a .bat file with a parameter and reading the console output in C++ I have a batch file I need to execute, it has one parameter, If I were to run this script myself I would open up cmd and write and the output would then be printed to the console.
\nTip 1: Always get fried egg.
I was seen immediately and given a cost of almost half what Midas quoted for the strut and then told that my pads had 50% left and calipers were fine and could easily and safely drive for quite some time on them.
The program should continue to ask for user input until the user enters stop as an employee's name.
I seriously can't get enough of this place.\nOn to dessert, I ordered the white chocolate raspberry gelato.
The menu says it's the \""best fried fish filet sandwich\"" and he swears by it.
The restaurant itself is but small but went during the week and it wasn't crowded at all!
The salad was also very tasty.
Bootstrap datetimepicker - How to set all picker tooltips at once?
Sessions in shopping cart I'm trying to show in a table the values that are stored in a session, the problem is: How to show all the information until now the application shows one of my three sessions, what about the rest?
With iText, that means going back to revision 2 (Rev2).
You may also specify to ONLY REMOVE EOL (both "\r\n" and "\n") like this:
I'm just doing this off the cuff, but could have another class that holds that variable statically e.g.
They don't have many veggies, they only have one type of cheese, and they don't have bacon for your breakfast crepe or strawberries for your dessert crepe.
Homemade pasta, sauce, desserts, etc.\n\nTheir ready to eat food is delicious.
How to convert GPS degree to decimal and vice-versa in jquery or javascript and PHP?
This while loop copies all the characters from s to d until the null (end of string) is reached.
how to solve ran time error NSString, sqlite3_column_text NULL problem?
What an awesome little find!\n\nAfter reading some of the reviews, I wanted to try a little bit of everything.
We all know that Susan doesn't resume the form of a human female until she's had that 2nd cup.
But don't forget to make space for dessert.
Decimal is the number system you already use every day; it's based on 10 digits, numbered 0 through 9.
PIZZA!\n\nI checked online for the nearest location of Papa John's and I called to make sure they could deliver to the hospital and it was no problem.
Walked right in, no wait, asked for what i wanted and they delivered.
It helps that these folks are some of the friendliest people you'll find.
Even when i have to pass on a nice shirt I tend to find one that's just as good at the same price.
I took a short drive from my hotel, near CMU campus, across a bridge into a very authentic little Pittsburgh neighborhood.
The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area.
Or Xcode is absent from this basic feature as a powerful IDE?
Battle and company when our dog, Levi, suddenly got ill.
You should also notice that that in the second div, no amount of backspacing will ever clear it out.
Your assignment is giving the (new) variable an initial value, not overwriting the previous iteration's value.
I've set up a numerical variable that increments up by 1 each time I add the group of 'square' MovieClips through left click to the stage and I've assigned this number along with a string to combine together to create a square.name instance.
I would pay 30 dollars for the Intestine dish.
All commands from menu have a command-name callable via M-x COMMAND RET.
My try: but I'm stuck on creating the other sets and disregarding them!
The line takes advantage of the fact that an "assignment" is also an "expression" that has a value - the assigned value.
A cool (if mildly painfully hipster-ish) decor; perfect settingfora Sunday brunch.
I'm working on an ECommerce iOS (native) application, where I'm highly dependent on for data display.
The food was hot & delivered promptly.
Also, nobody should use raw JDBC anymore, Ibatis or spring-jdbc are better alternatives.
Your Game Model does not belong to the namespace.
\nThe onions are a sweet type like vidalia and they are choped real fine so they aren't lumpy.
If you insist on sending the values to the browser as fields you could do this, though, to convert those fields into inputs.
The error description means exactly what it says.
(above 2m for only 21 results which in the shell takes no time!) And the query that is running great on the shell (22ms) C# code example :
The seems reasonable as well, but what the right directory to allow the development and production versions to work correctly?
The facility is clean and up to date.
When I made it downstairs the delivery man was already waiting on me!
It's much more fun to browse through than Pottery Barn!
It's a prop for the movie to sell the idea of foreign while these two real bad American dudes hash out their differences.
So, I used Timer class from System.Threading like below: But a few minutes later like 15 minutes or so, the clock stops.
Overrated, yes.\nFun, yes.\nSomething different in a very Midwestern town, yes.
I have not found a \""5\"" among the Indian restaurants here in town yet.
I also liked the atmosphere, the mural, and the employees who were really nice and honest and helpful.
In fact, the different results you are getting after you run this code each time are a natural consequence to k -means clustering, and I'll explain why.
That option does exactly what you want but I'm not sure how to activate it yet, if it's even possible.
Not sure why it acts like that tho..
Like so: EDIT, building on your fiddle.
I picked up take out for lunch on the way back to the office after an appointment today.
Verdana font issue I must implement a website css from psd file.
the Big & Fat (B&F) Selection.
Change row color of gridview by database Values I am making a application in asp.net which shows the values in gridview from the database.In database i am having a colmn named as StatusId which has a value of 1 or 2 or 3.
I need to add a custom UI Type which allows me to add a field with for example which always has a button next to the field, the current list can be found here: That is what I think would be the best solution even though I am sure there are easier methods of doing something like this.
She says the lead performer got a standing ovation.
When you look at an early NoSQL implementation like memcached, the first use case was very simple, but very important: a blazingly fast cache for distributed data, to cache for example web page data.
The outside seating area was my favorite part of the whole dining experience.
In short: I know it can be done within a controller and pushed back into the DOM within a link function, but that just seems horrible.
I used to see if the object (or its prototype) has the property.
The structure is then the following one: Maven In Maven 2 (or Maven 3, as I just migrated my project to maven 3.0.2), this configuration is easy to manage as all declare as a dependency: So when I build my WAR project, it first get the (built just before), unzip it, and build on top of it the web-application.
Order specialty pancakes \""for the table\"" (to share).
This is what a pipe shop should be -- and what virtually none of them are anymore.
Ordered a couple of Yuenglings to wash it all down...not bad.
The curry was really good too, and the cabbage.
on big nights it is hard to move beacuse of so many pople but i guess it is like that everywhere in CLT...
Is there a way of vectorizing it to reduce the loops?
Only reason its not a 5 star is our bill was still 40 for two of us with drinks, even with the early bird..
Python: I'm not aware of a Java equivalent using the default libraries; Jython appears to use native code ( jna-posix ).
Your JSX syntax was not correct.
LIVE DEMO would work but use:
I've eaten at Merts a few times and even received a free birthday meal which included a drink.
It looks like your jQuery is referencing files of a different casing than what is on the server.
Now that they've expanded and reorganized, I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore.
finally I made this code which is working for me
How to draw a heat map of New York city community based on certain data using R?
id3js in giving RangeError: Offset is outside the bounds of the DataView I'm trying to move bulk mp3 files from one directory to other directory and renaming them on the basis of their name/title/album name.
image1's id is '100', image2's id is '101'.
As written your formula will always return zero because the last two conditions are mutually exclusive - did you mean those last two to be &lt;> rather than = (or did you refer to the wrong columns)?
No we have to check, if sum of values in random rows are equal to 12, and if not, loop the whole process.
I went here last night with my girlfriend and our friends and I wasn't really looking for anything fantastic in terms of talent or venue.
5 yelp stars for the beer and the beer list.
They do offer several levels of \""hot\"" on some dishes.
What i am trying to do is to set up a multi datacenter ring in different regions with data replication NetworkTopologyStrategy endpoint_snitch set to GossipingPropertyFileSnitch hence as explained in the docs i need set the replication strategy for a keyspace i also read that in cql i can do "use mykey" to set the keyspace would that be persistantly set then in the cassandra configurtation?
You have to include both the schema AND the catalog.
\n\nTheres lots of parking, the mall is beautiful inside, and I do teh bulk of my xmas shopping there because I KNOW I will always be successful there, and I have all year to save up for it.\n\nSometimes they even have luxury car shows, which always makes me chuckle bc I think to myself, \""Isn't that EVERY DAY in the parking lot?\""
is an array literal containing one string, , if you want to access the title for an item, you would use giving you something like:
Currently on my .aspx I have a bunch of imports at the top: The error list current has 102 errors (the maximum it can display) and they all point to line 1 (see above, System.Collections) with many different errors like "syntax error", "end of statment expected" and "declaration expected".
or share a $20 Super Bowl Sundae with friends..
feed_locations => id, feed_id, latitude,longitude,location_name This is my cakephp code My query is working but issue it that : Like if a single feed have 10 location like 1m,2m,3m,4m,5m,10m,100m distance.
Jetty is embedded as two jars: jetty-all-7.0.2.v20100331.jar servlet-api-2.5.jar What am I doing wrong/missing here?
Bad way to start a fun occasion.\n\n2- I emailed back and forth with Tracy Bernstein about specifics that I needed for this gathering I was hosting (iPod player, Microwave, Fridge, Early Check-in).
I would want to implement this in Core as it does not change with Infrastructure.
gem install rails -v 4.1.0 stuck with ri-documentation I've run on my server, but somehow it's stuck with Can I abort this?
We have been staying very near to this place for the past 5 months...
In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.
After that open an article from that category and replace the text after the last "/" in url with the alias of your article.
Capistrano can be used for deployment of PHP projects too.
Adding ability to do to a class is called .
We stayed in the back building which was only two blocks from the very cool Walnut Street shopping district.
to set the animation just create an file put it in a folder called : the loading picture is .
I love Panara, I hear some bad things about management but I don't believe the rumors.
I dont want to accept for filename.
Really cool & interesting veggie options, cool atmosphere, nice area, what more could you ask for?
I need to find the easiest way to automatically build ebooks from downloaded articles.
Frank is the friendly older gentleman behind the bar who will go out of his way to serve you the finest cocktails and martinis in downtown Pittsburgh.
Getting there early also sets your mind at ease about getting your money's worth.
The best way to do that depends on how you're handling the parsing of the JSON in the first place but I it should be as simple as splitting and up into an array of stings and then accessing those values on the hash.
The translate function will affect the value of "RectMVMatrix[0][0]".
\n\nStore Selection: Overall the store has great options, but they don't carry everything that I wish they did.
XPath : A language for addressing parts of an XML document.
I really do not wat to change every query, it would be a mess.
The success function is a callback; it's designed to be called AFTER a response has been received.
The staff is super friendly and helpful if you need anything.
It was really quiet when we got there and there weren't too many people.
I can cache all my API responses?
Ruth Chris Steakhouse is by far one of the best restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh.
Slicing multiple rows by single index I have the following slicing problem in numpy.
Strange Javascript Feature: (5,2) == 2 Possible Duplicate: In Javascript gives , gives etc.
I got the black cherry frozen yogurt and after one tongue swipe of my cone, I'd forgotten that I'd chosen frozen yogurt as opposed to ice cream.
The waitresses are so nice and helpful and are quick to fix a mix up.
Fiori's should be held right up there next to Primanti's as a staple.
This parameter can be changed and it is typically large enough for this type of query on a moderately sized table.
scraping a dynamic and inconsistent dom site topic 2 is trending thread so it returned an extra markup span, that broke my query.
There's just something about polka that makes me want to drink more.
This is not only the best burger in Pittsburgh.
It is my go to breakfast/brunch spot when in Charlotte.
Is there a reason for that?
But don't make it an activity and don't call from it.
The play was very entertaining and it's always good to spend a night out with other Yelpers.
My pretzels hit the table within minutes.
A bag of books is always 1 dollar no matter how big or small the bag.
Take this pseudo code for example.
I wouldn't recommend this either .
I could literally spend hours here if I could due to all the variety of food selection they have here.
I have had most everything on the menu and have enjoyed it all.\n\nAside from the beer, it is the atmosphere that sells the place.
Thus: It doesn't matter that the second parameter is the first floating-point value that is being passed.
The documentation doesn't seem to describe this.
If you want to utilize your json file in compile time to alter the generated exe, then you need some kind of precompiler, which is what you're actually doing.
If you go to and (one is for development and the other for production) under and the bootstrap modules are specified.
I like that they have different sizes of gyros.
So, to start with, I have this function guard that I use for debugging purpose: The guard is intended to help trace the path the code takes at runtime by printing some information to the debug console.
Edit: The database in question consists of some tables.
Short Answer Yes, there are several ways how to do this.
This test returns 1, it traps the output "bbb", but should'nt exit the script.
At this point everything looks ok but now I would like to the setters of the builder into a class so that I can also cover the use-case of passing around a simple configuration instead of a convoluted long list of parameters.
Cascading multi-value parameter issue in SSRS 2008 Basically I have built a report using SSRS 2008, the report has cascading parameters, the independent one is a multi-value parameter (work units) populated with values from a database query, the dependent parameter (job positions contained in respective work units) also gets values from a query with a where clause as follows: @units being the multi-value parameter.
And the whole system works as follows: You have your layout: It's like evernotes login screen.
Magento Patch 6788 Installation error I am trying to install magento patch 6788 form ssh.
The sign faintly resembles one of a Harley Davidson merch shop, but upon entry, your greeted with plenty of boozin' options.
Which one is better to use?
This helped tremendously!\n\nWine choices are plentiful, they did a fine job with mixed drinks and everyone was pleased with the drinks.\n\nFood was also excellent.
Overall I do not think the cloud services of one company are mutually exclusive from one another.
These products are on distinct release schedules; a given branch/tag of D is dependent on a specific branch/tag of B.
30) like this in my server log: and after the the context has been started i get this WARNINGs: What does it mean?
program but it doesn't seem to do anything .
Thus HttpSessionDestroyedEvent will not get fired when using Spring Session since there is no support for HttpSessionListener.
And, after tasting this scrumptiousness, I was hooked for life!
It's so delicious and it has to be one of the best sandwiches in the city, by far.
The seats in both the grand tier and mezzanine levels allow you to look down on the action but do offer unobstructed views.\n\nThe staff, located in the mint green jackets, are literally everywhere and available to help you find the most convenient door and path to your seats.
a glass of conundrum there is over priced..
It also says that if you wish to keep the negative values, use fpixConvolve() instead, which operates on an FPix and generates an FPix.
Portions are generous, and prices are fair.
What RegEx would delimit a list which was copied and pasted from a web page?
You can of course have a method take a list, like but that's hardly the same thing.
can consist of a combination of some flag values, and is one of them.(The complete list can be seen in MSDN ) So, the predicate of the first statement: tests "not ( consists of only one flag )", that is even true for the value of the combinations of and , or and , etc.
I edited the code, now after the cycle i call it only once by: But i just got a nice null pointer exception with this...
\n\nNow, with access restricted to only those who have tickets, its much less exciting, but still a very nice airport, especially compared to places like Detroit, O'Hare in Chicago and McCarron in Vegas.
Mitch is a great box office person and I appreciate he apologized.
I saw Bonnie at DBTB several times before I left Madison.
Charlotte is an awesome city and the stadium is very nice.
I had the filet with pasta which came with the same slaw and apples.
(This ain't my first car-renting-rodeo, though it was indeed my first with two hungry, travel-weary preschoolers.) I signed the paperwork, and then it got handed over to someone else while the saleslady looked for another car that would work better.
The food was good and plentiful.
JsessionId for example, or php's sessionid is to identity that you are the same client that made requests earlier so it can "simulate" constant connection.
Our waiter was polite and friendly (but not too friendly.
which was a discounted price of the 4 course classic option\n\nwe choose the Wisconsin trio cheese fondue, which I did not care for, the wine taste was really strong and a turn off for me.\nthe entree was really nice, we upgraded to the Mojo broth which is fabulous!
I tried to take this further by also resolving alias, but that didn't really show any gains as far as I could tell.
It should be 3x the size and maybe have an upstairs that is like a huge wraparound balcony so you can see and be part of all the action below.
Basically, I want a to continuously stream the XML once a user connects to the Web Service Thoughts ?
The interior of this place is cozily modern, and the food is fantastic:\n\n- Home fries: cooked to a mealy perfection, then smashed before frying in order to maximize their crisp-able surface area.
My husband comes here to get his hair and beard trimmed.
Our waitress checked with us every 10 minutes or so and refreshed coffee and water right on time.\n\nThis was my first visit to one in NC but I was a big fan in GA.
Doing something like this will solve your problem:
:-)\n\nI'm fairly new to the world of craft beers, but I'm a big fan of the beer list here.
For example, I get 2 steak soft tacos fresco style which is pico de gallo instead of cheese and sour cream.
I was referred to Edgewood Dental Associates by a friend (who happens to be a doctor).
We're grown-ups now, say goodbye to gross American cheeses!
The staff has always been above average.
Let's talk about the CLT airport.\n\nIt's actually my second favorite airport in the US, Denver being the first.
\n\nThis is a killer chocolate emporium.
B), then you just don't send player B's information to player A until the situation changes.
MySQL ADO.NET Data Provider (If installed, no need to reinstall).
For accessibility reasons, the first invalid input in a form ought to be focused upon form submission.
But if you love food and money is no object, this is your place.
I do not have the "Microsoft Visual C++ Compilers 2008 Standard Edition" suggested in the link above installed on my computer.
Because of my job, I once went almost a year without going in, but my first time back, I was greeted by name with a friendly smile, seated, and they even remembered what I used to order.
It may already have been terminated.
Carmon's Creperie released their new lunch menu yesterday, and we had the great pleasure of being there to sample it!\nAs always, options are really creative, but more importantly, delicious!
And all the strings like , are all rejected.
Oh, and my personal favorite, don't forget to take a look at the ridiculous lineup of weapons above the register.
Is there any way to get this info faster, because the program tries to send readings to server and can't, but it's not written in database.
One basic rule of these definitions is, if def1 does its tasks successfully, def2 can be called.
After stopping by Blackfinn for a drink on a late Friday night (what a huge mistake), we wanted a more laid back atmosphere and walked over here.
@PaulMcKenzie well points out code should check for problem return values.
Everyone is always very nice and want to make sure that you are satisfed.
Service was still excellent, I ordered the outlaw ribeye my gf ordered the salmon.
They are the best in the city.\n\nOh and try the potato pancakes, they will rock your world.
Their selection is huge (see: beer cave) and I've had some amazing beers that I didn't know even existed.
The relevant section in the standard is 5.2.10 [expr.reinterpret.cast].
save those 8 positions in 8 CGRects.
and the aspx will be: confirm at the javascript "confirmation" first, then, only call the btnConfirm_click code behind.
As for your comment How do i do this in C++ with templates?
I would want to be able to use this data in my program instead of having the module print it out...
duplicate folder & contents, rename folder, pre-pend folder name to contents Im hoping someone could help in building a small applescript.
I'm writing it all in HTML so a solution with just that would be perfect.
We had a great Time at a team event.
I was there promptly at 8AM and they took me right in.
No offense to big people.....I wear a 3XL.\n\nWith that being said, the shoe selection is nice, although my last Timberland's only made it three months......(must be all the footwork to the Yelping), but they do have a nice variety and the prices are reasonable.\n\nThe staff is friendly, and just an FYI, ever time I go there, I see the Pineville Police doing security, so you can feel much safer than at any other mall.\n\nNCFoodGuy
SAS code: R code attempted (loading the data set from a CSV file): This works, but isn't the desired model.
So far I can make an image appear on hover however what I really need is to make 5 images appear on hover in a queued fashion?
If you need meat there is no better place in the area.
If it's a text post I use jquery and take the first image as a tumbnail.
It is cash only, so that might be a downside if you're just randomly stopping by for the first time, but it's one place where the long lines are truly warranted in this town.
We bought tile for the backsplash in our kitchen for $20.\n\nOh yeah, it also feels pretty awesome to not have this stuff end up in a landfill, since there's little wrong with it, other than someone didn't want it anymore.
How they concocted all of these culinary ideas is absolutely beyond me.
I attended a wedding reception here and it was a great facility for a dinner event.
Anything bigger than a small and you're guaranteed to take it home in a doggie bag tray thingy (are the trays seriously called doggie bags, too?) unless you're sharing it with someone else.
You want to specify the behavior of a particular data type, but not concerned about who implements its behavior.
The food isn't phenomenal, but it's definitely worth the $.
but i would recommend you to use Thread instead for this kind of concept.
The smell of fresh baked bread and other goodies meets you at the door, which is always fun.\n\nBesides the inviting smells, the employees are super nice.
well...uh...no lights lit up on the dash...?) Yeah, I'm a prime target to get scammed at a auto repair shop.
Tessaro's definitely provides a solid burger to their patrons, and their side options are also delicious.
These postfixes commonly says what is the role of the object.
We were happy with the service also.
I really like the location of Pleasant View - just on the west side of Madison, it's quick to get to.
The fries were awesome - batter-dipped, super hot, crispy and just salty enough to not need extra.
Yep it's the but of a lot of jokes by the \""In the know\"" set.
AJAX FilteredTextBoxExtender allow carriage return I have a multi-line text box that I am using an AJAX FilteredTextBoxExtender to limit the user input to only numbers.
Just a mess to eat, but still awesome.
Rod has since gone and Tim has taken his place and he gives me the same customer service I have grown to love.
And I've never had anything but a polite salesperson here and I've been shopping here since the mid 80s.
By some sort of I was refereed to BWP.
Passing image parameter c# windows Phone Hi I'm trying to pass an image as a parameter within a Windows Phone app.
Nothing bigger than a clutch will be allowed inside the stadium.
Key Features: supports Silverlight, supports 32 &amp; 64-bit OS, supports statement coverage and branch coverage, excellent coverage reports generation License: MIT Licence Latest Version: OpenCover 4.5.3207 Tool for: .Net programs Download NCover And some tools like Jester JVMDI Code Coverage Analyser PIT
Now problem is that when call this service from any other application (in my case i am calling this from ruby command prompt) with Header "Basic bXlhZGRvbjpDcFplcUc5MzlHdDZQMEtD" although i was not able to authenticate this service.
I walked over from Chinatown, and there were no other businesses (or people) around.
I want to write a function so that based on which button they click, it will hide the corresponding paragraph.
I had my first taste of sushi at Lil Toks which is why it has become my benchmark.
After we looked through both the wine selection (outstanding) and the menu (delicious), we decided to do things a little differently.
However, thanks to positive reviews on Yelp, I continued inside and had a very good meal.
Also, the Tenderloin Fajita Wrap is very good!
I learned to say things like, \""I don't like ferns, what else will grow like a fern in an area that doesn't get a ton of sun, but isn't a fern.\""\n\n4.
I solved all problems by installing Backtrack , which contains all the packages you need, pre-installed.
Second time not invoking default browser.
This isn't the type of place for formalities.
It was signed by a bunch of the waitstaff.
The majority of their products are locally bought and the prices are reasonable for the quality.
My buddy wrote to me and said I should do a review of Mark Pi's China Gate.
Or is each image on its own layer?
I want to make a layout that has 24-hours picker but I can't find such attribute.
The stuff on the menu is good, and they're willing to put together things that aren't on the menu if you ask nicely.
they're seemingly innocent which makes them all the more lethal.
I've also decided that since most of the repository calls are the same, I don't want an interface for each repository (aka, ExpertRepository implements IExpertRepository).
I've been guilty of using singletons in the past because "there will be only one in this application", and believe me - I have paid my penance!
I'm launching service via voice invocation.
It's a fantastic deal that I highly recommend- wine all night long for a very reasonable beverage surcharge.
I think for three people it was around $25 bucks.
If you don't want to enter information, you just don't click the submit button.
So, obviously there are other fans out there as well.
This may or may not be a problem for you, but you're missing out some values in that case.
You're risking a mistake for no benefit.
For the same price, I could probably check out a nice steakhouse around the area.\n\nWould definitely try to stay here again next time if I'm able to visit Charlotte again!
The problem is, on the initial load the dropdown appears already opened and allows you to only select one other user.
I want to select GridControl's row, after data binding: Get selected row Bind GridControl with new Data Select GridControl's row I'm trying so, but with no success: How can I do this in DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.GridControl?
How to customize angular-material grid system?
As far as I understand, texture filtering means calculating the color components for the vertex from the texture texels.
If your having a taste for soul food this a place to go.
at start, not always sutable for write-once code; complicates build process a bit.
I will be back, perhaps tomorrow.
I need the table like MS Excel with a fast scrolling.
\n\nAshley did a great job on my hair and I am very happy with the result.
Changing it on the test account fixed it up.
I went twice this summer just before some rain rolled in, and because the sun was tucked behind a few clouds most of the time I was there, it was much more comfortable inside.
I think the disappointment came more from his expectation of 7 courses of an American meal.
I've never seen or heard them get anything wrong, either!
This is a Fantastic Hardware Store.
Have a quick lunch at the Earth Fare cafe then head over here and pick up a book to read at the office.
\n\nThey are in the middle of a renovation, so the store is in a bit of a disarray...or maybe that was from me.
The reason I have always assumed this is 'coz I always think of them as being very similar to authenticating a windows client with an AD in which case the client &amp; server will either employ NTLM or Kerberos for authentication where the passwords are always encrypted.
The other solution perhaps would be to use an if statement to say (was we're manipulating the left property) - when back is click if left = 0 do nothing or alert there are no more in the list - then if forward is click to say if left = 2880 do nothing as you'll be at the end of the list..
Since the pixels compared would be different for each evaluation it would have the effect of maintaining diversity within the population.
As far as I remember there is an example of this in the demo database.
Here is the link that lead me to this fix .
I met some great people there and the crowd was almost always friendly and fun.
It has no special meaning -- nobody has said what it represents yet.
I use David Strattons second solution (run as Administrator) because my application requires administrator privileges (-> elevated).
The scallion pancakes were just as good as they ever were.
This dish was interesting for me as I was not a big fan of having the squid in the sauce alone but really enjoyed it whenever I combined it with some of the vegetables.
Very much on the pricey side, but a check online shows me that their stock is not too overpriced.
However, The event I'm trying to catch is either not fired at all or (more likely) fired an other way than what my listened is looking (listening?).
I attempted to select the average rating on answer 3 and joining it with workshops based on organizer ID but it does not return the right average for an organizer.
The dark wood and warm colors make it an inviting place for a small bite (though portions were a meal size for me).
Instead, it moves DOWN, and then starts (I think) working.
What I liked:\nThe coffee was good.
But sometimes the latency rises, and never really falls.
Code is here: Testing this in Postman gets me the response: { "response": [ "[", "[", "1", ",", " ", "[", "]", ",", " ", "[", "2", ",", " ", "3", "]", "]", ",", " ", "[", "[", "4", "]", "]", ",", " ", "5", "]" ] } Which is obviously not correct.
And the service was great, too - I was worried that not being a local/regular might work against me, but our server was very friendly and helped to make this a great lunch experience.
It is intended to be used such as: And it gives this as a result: ..\tests\testDebug.cpp(121): Entering[ void __cdecl TestGuardFuncWithCommentTwo(void) ] ..\tests\testDebug.cpp(114): Entering[ void __cdecl TestGuardFuncWithCommentOne(void) ] Leaving[ TestGuardFuncWithCommentOne ] Leaving[ TestGuardFuncWithCommentTwo ] Now, one thing that I quickly realized is that it's a pain to add and remove the guards from the function calls.
they're frequently offensive (compared to Whole Foods, which is saying something).
Hugh fan of this location!\n\nFirst, what I like most is that they really seem to cater to trendy new styles!
a simple way is to use a regular expression after rebuilding the bytes into content temporarily.
I never once had a question about what a machine was or what he was doing next.
Mozayeni will be my #1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery.
Yum!\nMy boyfriend is more of a burger person but he loves their burgers and fries.
2) How to aggregate to 5 minute data instead of daily (i.e., first row aggregates data from 0900 up to 0904, then from 0905 up to 0909, etc.)?
I'm NOT providing you with a SSCCE, I'm not asking you to do any coding, just to tell me if this is normal Java behavior...
But the problem is that it is also being fired at onCreate of the MainActivity.class....
For that's a call to .
You can set preferences this way: And you can retrieve them this way:
The murals really give the exhibit a sense of time and place.
20 million rows is not a lot for MySQL.
I could be considered a Cappy's regular.\n\nI love this bar and I'm a little bit obsessed with their Sonoma Turkey wrap--try it, it's very good!
The sushi chef also sold me on the corona roll, which is yellowtail inside and out topped with slices of jalapeno and lime with a dot a sriracha.
Update - here's two possibilities: System.console() returns a console object if there is one; otherwise (see System.out.
@Jonathan Leffler raises a good point in the comments: sentences usualy contain several whitespaces, so this will return .
A huge thank you goes out to everyone at Blue Plate Catering who made the biggest and most important day of my life flawless.
Hope someone can help me out on this one:) thanks in advance.
After a friend told me about her wonderful experience here, I knew I had to go.
\n\nI wish there was one closer to home.
Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.
We were able to walk to PNC Park as well as other shops/restaurants in the theater district.
You can also pass in your sub view model if you wish as normal; The partial view which contains the row template looks like this: Then you will see I render another partial view for the second column which simply has this in it: The end result looks like this:
The dough was perfect (cooked well, but kinda doughy) and the cheese was excellent.
I stumbled across this little gem while trying to find some real donuts for my wife to take to her at work.
One has a abstract method and another does not have a abstract method, so we need to implement the unimplemented methods of the interface.
In no way do I feel like I'm a New Orleans style food expert, but I have been to a few restaurants in the past with similar style food, and I have to say, Cajun Queen is pretty much amazing!\n\nI bought a Groupon for this place on a whim- and it was about to expire so I rounded up a friend and headed over there to treat him for a night out.
We've been to the westside location as well.
Make sure the namespace or the type is defined and contains at least one public member.
Resonably priced wine and good service make this a \""I'll be back\"" restaurant.
Considered Technique Nº4 What i actually have so far is: And i already want to gouge my eyeballs out.
Today is one of the most feared teams in the NFL.
That controller is used to set a variable called .
There might be more that you have to update, but I never had to update more than these three things.
If you do appetizers, drinks and dinner it will run about $100 a person.
You can achieve this solution very easy by Jquery.
Comma is just an operator, like + or -.
I had a fabulous time sitting at the bar on a busy Saturday.
Although the physical structure and ambiance leave a bit to be desired.
Cheese balls in the Chex mix, wowzers!
If you can dig up a second PC with a graphics card from a different vendor (don't forget Intel's integrated graphics), that would be better.
Image resizing can be done programatically.
Initially I went to another repair store in Sq Hill and had them replaced -- but the replacement heels were totally wore out again within a couple months.
I was jealous of everyone walking around in bath robes looking so relaxed.
Just about every time I'd been here, it's with colleagues, which means lots and lots of boozing!!
They laughed with me when I told them I wanted to make my next appointment later than 8 am, and told me about them trying to drag themselves into work.
(Syntax support for dictionaries is limited to lists of pairs, e.g, Functions support full closures and multiple return values using tuple types.
Casbah isn't cheap, but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city because you get so much for your money.
For example : Maybe it could help you.
Assuming the first example code was 'mymodule', this program would simply print out the data to stdout.
\n\nLooking for a home cooked meal...without having to lift a finger?
The holes have character, and if you're a long hitter, the par 5's are a chance to help your score.\n\nWoods: The \""Woods\"" nine is probably the most scenic.
I stopped in after breakfast at The Dor-Stop to see what they had to offer.
We ordered Totchos (tater tot nachos) to start and they were delicious!
It works for me in my app on Jetty:
However, this would invalidate all the current passwords that I have stored.
You need to wrap the textarea in an ItemTemplate tag for it to work:
The crowd is mostly younger (18-30's, some 40+ but not many).
Second , it allows us to bind to parent elements — such as an unordered list — and know that our event handlers will fire as expected even if the contents of that parent element change.
If you manually change the asset name of one of these files, the generated .xnb files no longer conflict.
Is there maybe a problem with log4j.xml?
So in this case, options would be:
If you want to check for the presence of a bound function and the existence of a DOM Node, then you'll need to capture both after the function and compare the variable to function to see if it's true.
But digging further, it appears that I should also upgrade my Apache to 2.4 as later PHP and later Apache are using different Visual Studio compilers.
We went to treat A's parents for their anniversary - his mom has been obsessed with this lady forever.
The chicken is excellent as is the cornbread.
The new Builder would be like this: Now the implementation: and the intent is to be used like this: This will do the trick I guess.
I love going here, if you shop smart it really isn't your whole paycheck and is less expensive than other options in the area (Market District I'm looking at you).
\n\nI used to come here every Sunday after church and order his special not on the menu rolls.
It can be busy so make sure you have your reservation and get there a little earlier.
Use the counter (also stored in the ) to figure out what the next question is and increment it after each submit.
Cannot perform LINQ complex object search in Entity Framework I have entities in the DB which each contain a list of key value pairs as metadata.
For two days I wondered how I burned my mouth.\n\nService is great, and friendly.
I have a number of lpc based examples.
And I thought that maybe it is also possible to trigger that notification from another application.
Although 200 requests per second is a load that would keep small webservers busy (~12000 a minute).
When you write this you are making a function that has no name (and therefore cannot be reused by name, like a regular method).
Can someone please help me to get that API.
The pizza is always amazing, and they have a great selection of beers on tap and in bottles.
Looking to dance...meet me in the middle of the wide dance floor to drop to some pretty excellent DJ tunes.
When that happens, I'd like to turn into for the value of the hidden , but leave it as in the table.
Reading some code and some webdites, i think that probably you are just lacking the url option of the viewhelper, so ElFinder can find the backend route he tries to connect to.
C# -- Is this checking necessary " obj is Person && obj != null" I saw the following code, Based on my understanding, I think the code should be rewritten as follows: Is that correct?
Here is a commented batch code for this task: Run once in command prompt window to see what this command outputs to understand better how the current date is determined in format .
my biggest apprehension about buying poundcake in bakeries is the fact that sometimes they are laced with lemon flavoring.
It included a tool that would read copybooks and generate both corresponding Java POD classes and data conversion code.
the order on a conditional statement is important, and the first successful match is taken, so if you have it will only match 4 in 4-C but will match 4-C
Only have a service running when it is actively delivering value to the user .
\n\nObviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well, with the twist of the buffalo chicken one.
How do I iterate through the files in a directory in Java?
The "file name" changes every time I do this (so its kind of temporary file as its directory suggests?).
Had a King bed with a whirlpool tub.
There is a small sitting area as well in the middle toward the back.
Variable latency in Windows networking I have a PLC that sends UDP packets every 24ms.
Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing.
\n\nMy wife chose her favorite Red Curry (med heat).
4 stars are for value and service.
\n\nMy dessert consisted of German chocolate cake.
I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city.
Why couldn't the BoxSynced, GoogleDriveSynced, and Tortoise1Normal all use the same icon?
My favorite dishes are the salmon cakes and the rice and beans with turkey sausage but that dish tends to be too salty at times.
I was about read to pop and we had homemade ice cream and cake at home but I couldn't stop myself.
The filter can specified simply by using handlebars.
And you need to be beating the lunch rush, because once the special is out....
They've got a great house drink list (including a Bloody-Mary-esque beverage called the 'Angry Malkin'), but Frank also has a 'secret' list that only us 'real serious' Papa J's guests know about.
The only way you can do this is to add permissions whenever projects are added.
I highly recommend this location for its staff (but don't go here for Sriracha).
If the DLL is called foo.dll, VS2008 adds foo.dll.refresh, foo.pdb and foo.xml.
Go on the weekends for a surprise good time!
OVERALL:\nThe best meal I've had in Pittsburgh!
\n\nMy only complaint was our neighbor's shower let off a high pitched, very loud whine when it was turned on.
Here´s the url I used to get the results: Note that in this example i made the request for a JSON result.
I added mushrooms, it was very flavorful.
Once I walked in, I put myself at ease and just let myself browse and browse and browse.
Well I actually did not like the greens it was very plain no flavor.
Now when I login, the main window is open, but login dialog does not close.
1st class style.\n\n6) Dollar bills dollar bills.
It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)\n\nThe one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!
I love almost everything about the Middleton location.
But if your code is inside an external js file, you should build the relative url to your app root using helper method and pass that to your js code via a variable as explained in .
what more can you ask for?!\n\nI tried the New Jersey sub and it hit every spot.
Best way to define module for both node and client I'm trying to write a small module that I want to be available both on the Browser and Node.js environment.
I want to check is if and are identical.
Nearly any item on the menu can be made in a vegetarian version.
You have to walk down about 6 or 7 steps to get to the door, so if you are handicapped or elderly, it may be a tad tough.
\n\nRusty's is quaint and humble from the outside.
\n\nI had a tasty scallop dish albeit a bit small portion wise and two delicious starters - the tuna and calamari.
This past summer, we went to the outdoor water park maybe two- three times the most and stayed out no more than half hour.
Spark ML, Spark NLP, Other ML or NLP Libraries - Getting the Root Keyword from Synonyms I have used Word2Vec to get the synonyms for a root keyword, but am now on the lookout for the reverse.
The portions for the entr\u00e9es were HUGE!
I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.\n\nAddendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich.
I copied all this code from parse
You can try this regex: Live Demo &amp; Examples: Explanation: is line start is a positive lookahead that will make sure there is atleast one alphabet is a positive lookahead that will make sure there is atleast one digit is using character class for 5 to 30 characters specified inside square brackets is line end Lookaround Reference: www.regular-expressions.info/lookaround.html
You can still access cells by their address, but the cells know where they belong.
I visited Charlotte for a conference in 2010, so my friends insisted that I try East Carolina BBQ while I was away.
So I just had to get me out and have me some good old comfort food for lunch today.
Downloading webpages programmatically I need to download certain web pages from a web site for my research.
The white tuna was delicious as was the salmon.
The staff is quite attentive and is pretty good about replacing the grills.
When I am displatching the MotionEvent(100,100) from the test-case..
The bobcats always have great bands, dancers and other entertainment during breaks.
Here is what happens: the emulator loads, but when I click on the app, the screen goes blank.
Sorry, I just disabled line wrapping on the tooltip by using the in the css file and then checked if the tooltip isn't visible by the jQuery and changed positions with css from the JS file :)
Perl regex forward reference I would like to match a forward reference with regexp.
I'm unable to publish stream from the html files provided by wowza.
I used this code as a test:
It looks like this: console.log (time); Result: 1300709088000 Now I want to reformat it and pick out only the time, I found this: That did not work as I want.
It's a small store, but it feels homey and comfortable.\n\nStaff: Most of the staff members are super friendly and willing to do just about anything to help you find what you are looking for.
gitlab disable access over ip address I installed gitlab_7.3.2-omnibus-1_amd64 on Ubuntu 14.04.1.
You have to trim the last colon to align with java's zone info format of .
Friend with me was not impressed with the Filet Medallions on Bruschetta but the desserts were good and my BLT was GREAT!
I have been several times to the Ceili dances on Tuesday night, they are a lot of fun, and the regulars are great about reaching out to teach newcomers.
My parents and in laws love this play too!
They have 4 gourmet cheese sticks with marinara sauce for $7.95.
You need to change the class only once so mouse enter would be do that for you.
Really, it's the number one salad in town.
What puzzles me is the variability in this variable latency - that sometimes it will sit all day on 20ms +/- 5ms, but on other days it will regularly and rapidly increase, and our system resets itself disturbingly often.
Rails 3: how to code a route path I'm creating a rails app and I can't figure out or find answer for this problem.
I saw potential in a lot of the items I saw lining their shelves.
That included, rice, black beans, three kinds of salsa, cilantro, onions, sour cream, guac, chopped jalapenos, lettuce, and tomato - it was monstrously large!
We had the ribeye, shrimp and chicken entrees.
\n\nPrice was nice too, only $16 for their standard haircut which is pretty much on par with the cheapo places around town but infinite more value here.
How MatLab reads it, though, will be the issue.
i think jQueryUI's draggable has this limitation, not sure.
hey, i was trying to do a bottom sticky footer link test and but it kept being more then 100% meaning it scrolled a litle bit..
So, even if you think the staff doesn't like you, dry your tears and rent a movie.
\nGrabbed a seat at the counter and ordered a piece of pecan pie a la mode for myself and my husband.
So, if this were my code, I would change or wrap and to return promises and then use promise features for coordinating them.
I am trying to make a calculator in C or Objective-C that accepts a string along the lines of and returns the answer 2920.
\n\nAs expected, prices on candy, popcorn, drinks, etc, are of course outrageous.
But was still a good half sandwich.
\nBefore I became a transporter, I visited here at the urging of friends...
Then the StoredProcedure will choose which fields need to be updated.
You the would need to enclose the value you are searching for in quotation marks so that it is correctly interpreted as a string, as has been previously suggested.
Use the function to create a new window, the following code makes two windows: You can repeat this as many times as you want
\n\nInitially his train was supposed to arrive at 8:10pm but they had some sort of \""line crossing delay\"" and he finally made it in about an hour and a half later...I guess...stuff like that happens.
There will also be some image manipulation, like CSS3 transformations/moving/scaling/zooming and gesture recognition (drag, touch/tap, maybe pinch, etc.) which, as far as I know, are applicable to both the canvas and the img tags.
The loaves are about $5 a pop and most bread at the supermarket is an average of $3 so I don't think the price is too high, especially for freshly baked bread without preservatives or artificial ingredients.
It was delivered when still at a fairly hot temperature and I really enjoyed the sauce.
what's exactly the difference in class autoloading and namespace handling between symfony2's app_dev.php and app.php or dev/prod environment (symfony 2.8.4).
Has anyone figured out a way to overcome this or have some sample code that I can look at that would help.
putting it together To explain more In above sample both the code sample will be doing the same job.
I was in hotel heaven when I walked into the lobby.
And while some of the other dishes can be oversauced, the fried rice has a lot less sauce than any other place...and that allows the incredible flavor of these fresh veggies to glide delectably over your tastebuds.\n\nIt is a little more expensive than your typical Chinese restaurant, but it's worth it!
The bottom line is, from the client side, you will not be able to load the source of an external domain.
The advice here may work for you in short define and add a CssClass to your gridview then use plain old CSS stylesheet to target and decorate the control.
Here are some alternate approaches (from least accurate [and fastest] to most accurate [and slowest]): If you only need a rough count of the number of entities of particular kind in the datastore, then you can use the .
I've run into an issue where Salesforce will only return 1000 records to my flex app from a query.
Super happy to have tried this place, now I just need to try their subs, calzones, and everything else!
Or is it posible in Java only?
Using the Result arg in SuperObject i'm using this superobject unit in one of my project as an rpc protocol, and inside a remote called procedure (signature has a var Result arg) i want to know how to use that arg...
By clicking the List I get and .
Directly access the instance variable through the Objective-C runtime.
You can pass command line parameters with ClickOnce.
try this code may be its helpful to you..
and how it went from a rural farming state supporting slavery to become the 2nd largest banking business in the country.
– user522962 Let's take a simple example: What will be?
What you should be doing is a form posting.
\n\nNot only the guys loved it, but two of them asked permission to take the leftovers home!
As far as I know, dynamic can not be used to access private members (or public members of private class) This should (of course) work : Here, it is class Empty which is private : so you can not manipulate Empty instances outside of the declaring class (factory).
There's an example in the documentation that uses a layer on top of the "real" number value: Source: This allows you to use the in your data-bind, and you can even write to it.
I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....\n\nPrice for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season.
Even in broad daylight, the dining hall had a dark shrouded vibe going on.
The service was good and we had no issues.
I've been to this restaurant with my husband twice, once for dinner before I moved to Pittsburgh, and once for brunch a few months ago, and both were great meals.
The place is tiny but it doesn't matter because the food is good and the portions are big and most importantly it's cheap.
In onReceive method I am reading Intent.getAction().
Because the document hasn't fully loaded, the DOM API in JavaScript can't yet access those elements if your JavaScript is in the head.
ZSH auto_vim (like auto_cd) zsh has a feature (auto_cd) where just typing the directory name will automatically go to (cd) that directory.
It will impact your performance, though.
It claims to compile a subset of genshi templates into javascript functions (similar to Google's soy templates).
Can anyone suggest a good place to start?
Maybe the call would simply have between each of the variables: (condition) ifTrue: aBlock elseIf: aBoolean with: aSecondBlock with: anotherBoolean with: aThirdBlock
That is what p4v "copy or rename" does.
The burger arrived with tomato and lettuce, and there must have been a whole bag of tots on my plate because I couldn't finish them.
I frequent this restaurant, and this seems to be he case most weekday evenings and weekends.
Does JAVA have API to access the login history from sql server management studio?
It was/is a mild obsession- a love affair of sorts.\n\nWhen we got here just before 10:00, we saw that it wasn't open yet.
I am using v1.0.4 ( since the 2.0 is still in alpha stage ).
They had a lot of meat in them.
Close to tons of chain restaurants and fast food and a couple of family-owned italian restaurant (Vincent's was delicious).
was introduced as a shortcut for in 1.4.
The reason is that there's only one place you're recursing -- one -- and that's looking for .
Yes, validators are only run if the path is changed, and they also only run if they're not .
Well, when I changed the application pool "Identity" user of my web application from ApplicationPoolIdentity to LocalSystem, it worked.
Cleaned up remodeled.great food and beer!
When I test the application using chrome, with no security (chromium-browser --allow-file-access-from-files --disable-web-security) I get an 406 error from the API.
I expected lots of great flavors and it was simply okay.
This is a solution I got for you.
then move to then run backup command which creates multiple files on exit I can only think of the commands, I wonder how to wrap it up with or
Last night I got a red curry with chicken.
If you want to sweat, exercise, and have fun they have it all.
I saw that in order to do that I will need to either use a record set (seems like an overkill to me) or sort the collection myself (I think I can avoid it and I want my code to be shorter).
Even with all the construction going on, traffic moved along quite smoothly.
Enough so that we went again last night.
of error is shown as 357 but I dont know why it is showing me an error.
This drops the fats grams to only 4 each.
Personally I'd probably use exceptions instead of this manual sending/aborting stuff, something like or a simple where returns .
Otherwise it would keep the file CCSID And make sure that your machine QCCSID is set to something other than 65535 (that's always causing lots of Problems with conversion aka not converting automatically).
Well, if your old one is working then the problem will be in your rewrite.
The owner even came and introduced himself the first time we were there.
I love the vast bread choices, and the fact that they serve Alterra Coffee(our fave).
\n\nThe desserts, what do you choose when you have a choice of German Chocolate, Red Velvet, Sweet Potato, Coconut Cake, Pound cake, Banana Pudding, along with Peach, Apple, & Blueberry Cobblers!
I don't think either of us wanted that meal to end.
No data structures are transferred, they would be meaningless to the kernel and the memory space will be different between the two.
So in CommunityView.xaml, the CommandSink of all of the CommandSinkBindings in CommunityView (KillAll) are set to the DataContext of the view through binding.
Here is an example table I'm trying to imitate.
One liner for quick reads: Fresh made Hot and Sour soup!\n\nYes...they make the Hot and Sour Soup when you order it...no gelatinous, nasty leftovers here.
Opens up the possibilities of search driven UI (facetted classification etc) separate from your portal UI.
Filter all the open, in progress, blocked and submitted issues with the following command: On the issue list select all the issues - thanks Alex Click the command dialog button in the header, and select open command dialog.
I had it and it didn't do very much for me.
I appreciate all the trouble he went through to help me take care of this problem.
First time I have been to this airport and I enjoyed it a lot.
When I deploy the 1st one, everything is fine.
I think it's because Frugal's is kind of like a candy store for adults that drink alcohol.\n\nThe liquor side and the beer/wine side are both filled with domestic and imported gems of adult mood enhancers.
And so the 'pF' option actually looks like 'nF' which is unacceptable.
That said, with some creativity (and a bit extra code) a similar effect can be achieved by combining a couple of queries.
You don't need fancy computer controlled cash registers and racks to get a shirt clean.
I've had curry and vindaloo but I've never really had Indian food beyond that and I never been to an Indian restaurant.
best burger in pittsburgh**.\n\n\n\n________\n** based on taste, price, service and comfortable atmosphere perfect for a casual lunch, or proper dinner.
Have you tried setting up a TCP server on the device and then sending to the pc with the pc as a client?
I want to post that pictures and animations on a QDialog in an infinite loop (by cyclically changing pictures in 2 minutes interval) and on that pictures and animations I want to set a link so that when you click the browser open the set link.
I recommend that you store your data in MySQL in UTF-8 form, rather than try to convince it to take Windows-native UTF-16.
That was, until my wife and I discovered People's bakery.
\n\nI got the Soul Rolls, essentially soulified egg rolls, with black eye peas, collard greens, rice, and a wee bit of diced chicken breast (though I didn't taste much of the chicken.
All of the items we tried were full of flavor and served at the perfect temperature.
I love Whole Foods, and I have been a fan for a few years now.
It was a little crowded, but we were able to sit at a tatami table.\n\nPro tip: Wear pants.
Error in an example from book - "Unexpected token {" I was reading a book on JavaScript (recently started to learn).
The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile.
\n\nAnd then came the prix fixe pasta trio.
However, in Hibernate i'm having to try and get those 'user_settings' for some users and its causing problems for those that don't have any set.
As a matter of fact, I really don't recommend having more than four or five Mardi Gras cocktails.
What is the technical name for this usage?
The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.
This was the last stop on the \""Brother Visits Ne'er Do Well Kid Sister and Treats Her to Meals\"" tour.\n\nWe started with the Indonesian corn fritter wraps, which were delicious with the chili-soy dipping sauce.
I don't know why it appears in my file when using vim.
Sometimes parking can a bit of a hassle.
As far as I concern, .style.some_property only returns the value of the property if I setting it in javascript.
Are the 100 images all exactly the same layout?
This is what you will get when you call and this is what you will get when you call .
Your code cannot be compiled because in java character ( single quote ) is used to mark one character.
I can see that the collection is actually modified and and saved on the server,however the collection view is not altered.
My teen ordered avocado chicken sandwich - it's BIG and avocado, were ripe and fresh!
Maybe it was because we were in the balcony and had to turn our bodies at a 45degree angle which would smash your legs again the arm rest, or you could just turn your neck but either way it wasn't real comfy.
Today was my second time at a Pamela's.
Each contains an and a .
As part of my debugging process, I integrated my application directly with the MvvmCross source code, using project references rather than packages.
I am logging output of getServerAddress and see only the primary address although I am pretty sure that some queries are handled by secondary .
The URL scheme for programmatically launching Settings.app to a particular settings panel was briefly exposed (though I'm not sure if it was documented) in iOS 5.
Also a great place for meeting with friends or a casual date.
Two days ago I moved my website to another server and the Facebook API stopped working.
The car hops are helpful and friendly, and their food is delicious.
The area is kind of small and crowded, there was a large party near us which was making a lot of noise.\n\nDespite the crowd, the food was delicious!
A SQLAlchemy Session generally represents the scope of one or more transactions , upon a particular database connection.
You'd have to expose the static instance to the caller.
If you do not need to span an instance, the above logic can be condensed into a single Also note with this approach that if you have identity columns you will need to provide an explicit column list and turn on and off the IDENTITY_INSERT property.
It's massive!\nWould I return?: Why, yes.
I am not Japanese, but this restaurant's dishes taste identical to those I tasted when visiting Osaka/Tokyo.
Removed bottom:0; and position:absolute in footer
If you want chinese don't settle for those americanized chinese place.
\nI know we're in the age of \""everyone's okay no matter what\"" but if you don't like this place, you suck.
I ordered the ham off the bone breakfast (with their special ham, potato pancakes, eggs, and toast) and true to form, it was very good (ham was still relatively moist despite having been on the griddle) and was reasonably priced at about $7.
I've been to several Mortons, and at this location at least 4 or 5 times.
\nA mini fridge and safe are built into the dresser the TV sits on.\nThere's a make-up mirror, hair dryer, iron and ironing board in the room too.
We decided to share the Quattro al Forno with ravioli, canneloni, manicotti and stuffed shells.
The script would install and configure Drupal and its modules and connect to an existing database containing my content.
It needs to be deserialized to an array/list by indicating the result should be a List:
First of all, This review is only base on lunch time because I've never been there at dinner, HOWEVER this place been open for a LOOOOONG time as far as chinese restaurant goes in that area, this place is PACKED for lunch almost ALL the time in the weekdays but the service is incredibly fast and the food comes out quick too so the wait is usually minimal or none at all.
I order an enormous gyro with mountains of onion, tomato, cucumber sauce, and feta cheese.
The same application works fine using MvvmCross 3.1.1 and iOS 7 and profile24.
(Now we're broke, but that's my cross to bear.) The black cod and the nigiri course were stand-out favorites.
Had a govt rate suite and was treated like a VIP even though my rate was less.
Reminds of what SF's Tenderloin excellent Cambodian and Vietnamese were back before everything cost an arm n a leg.
Converting a ms-access front-end to a web-based technology Can anyone recommend the best web-based technology/language for rewriting a ms-access front-end?
i need you in los angeles.
My vermicelli ended up being really good with the sauce providing the perfect flavor to the dish.
Here's why:\n\nFor a chain, the menu is surprisingly upscale!
Another expert thinks that design pattern is more suitable.
A quick twitter search shows a Dec 2012 tweet that kind of looks like an announcement.
Does anybody encounter such a problem ?
\n\nLulu is super sweet and clearly highly in demand (especially for re weaving and re knitting items).
(It seems so, since there's no explicit error saying otherwise.) If it does not, try to supply an additional library search path using .
After all, it's not often one can find a fresh fish market with the freshest sushi ingredients.
This will enter the text "run" into the first input field of the class 'login'.
You'll probably want to get your sandwich to go.\n\nBut if you want a delicious cheesesteak, I don't know why you would want to go anywhere else.
\n\nI generally pass on other baked goods.
I've been going to The Great wall of China South for quite a while.
It seems like option 2 is closer to what I want to do.
Then somehow I managed to pull and do a merge duplicating the results with a merge (the actual merge).
i have download a big ecosystem model (Ecosystem Demography) which must e compiled in linux and it uses MPI and hdf5.
Problems rendering output in nodejs from a neo4j server I'm pretty sure this is really simple but I thought I should ask on here.
Contents of first combobox: PC DB...
The orange/yellow urinal and the sink are shaped in the Rolling Stone's mouth logo.\n\nNext time I visit Pittsburgh I will do brunch there with friends,
Also, a large byte array in a session variable does not seem like a terribly good idea.
Does provisioning have a place in the Drupal world?
If you have Xcode installed it will open the file in the Plist editor making it a little more friendly to edit.
Dishes are inventive (not your normal Asian fusion dishes here) and well presented.
You haven't specified Joomla version so I'm assuming 1.6/7/2.5 in my answer.
Excellent food and a great Dormont staple.
I was doing the below with the assumption that if I don't have a value, then it must be incomplete, however future periods are showing a value which is not what I want:
When dealing with optionals you should be conditionally unwrapping them with an if statement.
Step 1 - open browser with console, in chrome and firefox CTRL+SHIFT+J And allow popups.
rerun in what was by then an otherwise empty bar.\n\nNeedless to say, this is my New Favorite Place.
This could be called simply with and would create the necessary directory in whatever directory you're currently in and set your working directory to that new directory.
first, lock this code below It is a tutorial of directx and this part is part of message loop.
I heard funny noises and my car wasn't shifting right...
Eating in your car is the signature of this place but I wish there was some covered seating.
Visart has popular movies but can also can teach you about film.
In the file , it looks like is being initialized: In the file , is checking to see if Game Center is available: In the file The line that I commented out, which moved me past the error, was: I hope this helps!
Note that everytime you pass a struct to a function as a parameter, or assign one variable to another, or in your case, add it to a list, a copy of the entire struct is created (in your case, 20 bytes will be copied).
I'm humbled by what I have learned, and I have become a 100000000% BETTER home chef because of it!
I also think that it is a poor idea to simple check the license whenever you run the program, as this leads the hacker to the location of your proection mechanism.
I mean, the crunchy tempura outside, the savory sauce, the fresh avocado...
And if you don't see it, ask!
Either way, the requirement is that the string must be converted to a .
Static site generators exist to provide you with tools like templating, shared data, and custom tags to assist in the creation of the static HTML pages that your web server will be serving.
I like how it has thee par 3's, 3 4's and 3 5's.
They're colorful, lively things to watch, and I was told that sometimes the cat they keep around the house just sits around staring at the birds.\n\nAnyway, if you've got guest coming from out of town who are into antique and ornate surroundings, they would do well to stay at the Morehead Inn.
The rest are passed on the stack, along with structs too large for registers.
So, after adding new service configuration always remove the cache in It will be created automatically if not found.
Well, I believe this is not the right way.
They were just kidding I think.
The museum is multiple stories, and the cafeteria has options galore.
That's the best way :) Last time I checked, the from Log4J was still not satisfying and if you can't use logback, you might prefer some third party implementation.
The remodeling removed some of the self service stalls (there are approx.
Anyway, it's totally not a big deal, now I'll know to make time the next time I go.
So if you disabled warning printing you can only see the E_NOTICE and potentially miss the more interesting warning saying "exec has been disabled for security reason".
Camera settings are not the only way to deal with the z-buffer.
We went to the place at 11:00 so we could sit at a table (if you want to dine-in and order a slice during lunch, you can only sit at the counter, not a table, after 11:30) and by 11:30 the place was standing room only.
And this could also be launched from a Finder window.
I'm currently in the process of doing the boosting when I index the document, but using it in the query that way is best for the way my application runs.
They have a small marker board on each dressing room door and they write on it the number of items you take in to try on as well as your name in case someone comes looking for you.
Service is helpful (when you can find it).\n\nThe pepper steak salad is pretty good - get it with ranch.
The steak was cooked medium rare as requested with craw fish etoufee and hearty mash potatoes riding shotgun.
clueTip is a jQuery plugin for displaying stylized tooltips
Here is my completed code for adding an event and deleting one that occurs at the same time.
Even if they do, you need to be able to get a public API from the manufacturer to figure out how to do it.
Step 4: Hope you have set your environment variables, if not then please set , , , .
If I hard code it to size of packet byte buffer i.e.
Look into joins for selecting data from multiple tables:
lua function argument expected near I try to use lua in a C++ project.
The Einlauf soup is just simple good eats, but if you're ever there when the soup special is beer cheese - ORDER IT!!.
Like this: Edit Since the asker does not want to use IDs or classes, here's an alternative solution: Be careful not to place within jQuery's document-ready idiom.
In other words, it's equivalent to , with both simple selectors swapped around.
If I further extend my requirements my queries may look like this as a resource found here: I want to ask which schema design is better if in addition docs come after some sort of condition checking or say I also want to add pagination on the filtered result?
The main reason that commercial games run on a variety of systems is that they have a QA budget.
I tried, But it doesn't seem to work.
This sales associate was exceptional and smelled really good.
It is hard enough to find parking as it is !\n\nI went astray for a bit I will admit tried the Princeton Club to see what I was missing out on all the hoopla.
(Also in some cases, thestring is initially only those 3 characters, in which case I want thestring to end up as the empty string -- will this do it or will I need to separately test for that case?)
In your javascript: In your html:
I know ASP.NET is capable of handling this but I wonder if it can be done with ServiceStack.
The vodka assortment is also pretty top notch.
To make it simple, I made a simple draft of my code: HTML Code JS Code Using the ID on my element is probably not the best solution, but that is how I got it working with jQuery.
I always ended up ordering way too much food because it is so reasonable priced.
but we did not deal with her.
I have enjoyed my stay very much.
AWESOME vegetarian burritos and chimichangas, good guac, and I like them Margaritas man!
Slice it up, dice it, throw it in the air, and juggle that food!
The room d\u00e9cor was classy, modern and the bed was super comfy.
You are keeping the app running for too long after being brought to background and iOS is killing it forcefully.
We had a coupon from Foursquare for a free appetizer.
\n\nYou walk into Nakato and are greeted immediately.
No biggie, but when I'm having a beer after work with a buddy, I don't really need the romantic feel of candles....hahaha.\n\nIn short, if you want to grab a beer and be greeted by some of the friendliest bartenders in Charlotte stop in here sometime.
I've never had an issue with the staff.
\n\nOur server was great and got us everything we needed quickly.
Try using the following code: If you plan on doing this without , forget it.
This is a good intro to the concepts.
The hostess was professional, and personable and sat us at a table out of the way.
We made a quick stop at the nearby wine and spirits shoppe, bought a Spanish red, and showed up at Cafe Zinho.
Whatever task that was so vitally important to complete will be lost.
For the main course I had the horseradish-crusted salmon, which was very good.
I've got structs which represent menus.
At most airports there are a few for each terminal and they are not accessible to all gates or require significant walking.
Nothnagel and staff and Sandhill Pet Clinic.
All the usual amenities are there, such as internet, LCD TV etc, and who doesn't love the Heavenly bed and the shower heads??
(Hint: if one person calls you over for a drink, make sure the rest of us are set before running away.) \n\nAtmosphere: 4 stars - really good job of having enough televisions for everyone to see the game/s and marking each so you know what's on.
And the manager was great!\n\nOur food was late coming out, so they didn't charge us for the meal.
But I can see any other feature works.
Essentially, the input to my function will be a cell array where each entry is a numeric matrix with real values.
\n\nI give this place a solid 4 stars for friendly staff, good parking and great rooms.
Nothing beats it on a summer night with a group of friends.
I want to share that I have probably eaten here 40+ times so I have tried about 10 hoagies on the menu.
I had the LASIK procedure performed by Dr.
So, yah I've never been ignored here.
I would write it like this: Maybe making a instead of a C-style would be a better idea, then you could write your copy constructor purely using an initializer list:
I generally stuck with burgers or chicken sandwiches and they have a good selection of toppings to put on whatever food you get.\n\nBut you really go to Legends for the atmosphere.
Printing such characters out depends on what you're printing to.
Tim is fantastic with German cars, including my 2003 3-series BMW, which was out the door for 400 - broken axle, oil change, tire rotation and one other thing.
They make sushi as well and it is expensive but it really does taste a million times better than the Giant Eagle stuff.
for example when you click on this flickr url: The /sizes/h/ changes to /sizes/l/ how can I stop it from making this change and be given an alert through Jquery or javascript if it goes to a 404?
How can I make it so that it cycles through all the images: those from the image gallery and the separate image?
Try the hot potato salad too.
From the documentation of Note: Two elements are considered equal if and only if (string) $elem1 === (string) $elem2.
I only got that so that everyone was eating something different!
Dealing with Mike's was about as easy as it gets.
A few shopping places, some barbecue, and Jamba all in the airport while you're waiting for your flight.
The lot next to Soba was full, and there's only one way in/out, so it was pretty much impossible to get out of after we realized it was full - don't even bother, just drive around until you find street parking somewhere.\n\nOur disgruntled-ness quickly wore off when we stepped inside.
What is the most efficient way to do this in RoR?
Apparently they're all hanging out in the walkway area with trees and white rocking chairs(across from Burger King food area).
Try calling , you should get a float.
I had a very specific look I wanted, and she was able to take the cute Pinterest photos I provided as inspiration and create truly spectacular arrangements using the elements I loved.
\n\nCompared to other Whole Foods I've been to, I would actually rate it a 3 but considering I do not know of any other Whole Foods around, I thought it's my duty to those that do not know about Whole Foods a chance to give it a try.
But really I had nothing to worry about because the sandwich came out perfect.
Make sure to visit the beer cave while you are there and their section of take-out beer for an even larger selection.
The decorations are garish, the food is 'authentic' in that way that Chinese food is translated for Middle America.
You can't set the ratio, but there's always !
It was delish so I drank that the rest of the night.
The portions are big but are slightly pricey.
\n\nAs a self proclaimed Mexican fanatic I was excited to see just what this place had to offer.
Do you know how rare that is?
Also if you're early for a show, go get some good tequila and the 1900 restaurant down the block.
or J to C (assuming the graph is undirected).
I get the same error if I push this dockerfile to elastic beanstalk so its not related to boot2docker Any idea what my permission problem is here?
* In short, the function is working exactly as it is defined.
I wish I could give half stars because I'd truly rate Mert's as a 3.5 (or even 3.75) out of 5.
Here we go Steelers, Here we go!!
They had enough room that the staircase was very shallow.
Everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly.
\n\nThey have tofu there that is really really cheap!
If your regex engine has lookbehind assertions then you can just add a "(?&lt;!\.)" before the "@".
PROBLEM: "&amp;&amp;" and "||" is converted to a method like "AndCondition(a, b)", so "!a.HasValue || a.Value == b" becomes "OrCondition(!a.HasValue, a.Value == b);" The reason for this is probably to get a generic solution to work for both code and SQL statements.
Now that we know, I have no doubt we will soon become regulars.\n\nWe have also tried Tamarind in Oakland, but that place just made my mouth go numb after it was all said and done (and left me with an unpleasant digestion experience).
Two of those, a Gyro, basket of fries and drinks...a $20 bill!
Building SpiderMonkey with Cygwin I need to build SpiderMonkey so that I can use it with emscripten.
Please can anyone explain the concept and usage of webhooks and how can I implement online status using it.
Is it possible to filter according to two value of textview?
I lived in Charlotte for about 7 years as a kid and looovveed Bojangles!
Can you please help on that.
How to change bitmap height and width programmatically in android?
Fucking brown sugar and blueberries in my hotcakes?
So it could happen that result of would be grater than JLabel's width but still the text would be displayed correctly.
Their drinks are remarkably strong, easily on par with Lefty's in the Strip.
There are no such settings in Email Alert.
It is not accurate enough to draw a straight line if you draw fast.
Also a day path needs to be the argument to groupBy, not the full alias expression.
When i load a controller in application/controllers/ from external library controller, i'm getting error Validate_login.php
My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight and it was amazing!
Please help and thanks in advance.
Your request was categorized by Blue Coat Web Filter as 'Shopping'.
Here is my code, and the commented part of the code is the first method, I took a event to handle this: I've tested it, and it works fine.
I haven't had a positive dental experience since I left Erie and moved to Pittsburgh.
I mean that the location of the dashes in the line move around.
Bar records have a related foo record and an email address.
As other yelpers have indicated, it is hard to not be deterred when you first pull up.
We used to get very very drunk here.
Bikes, elliptical, plenty of treadmills, and a few weight-training machines.
They accommodated a group of ten.
I suspect an implementation would choose 1.5 over 2 both to save a bit of space, but also because 1.5 is closer to the .
The first week I went I had a delicious bean salad and artichoke salad.
They knew how to cook each piece of seafood to showcase it well.
I looked at the following code snippet and tried to incorporate in my app: The code executes fine but the word does not appear in the auto suggest while typing.
While service can be average and above we always enjoy mixing sushi with the cooked food.
You need to use the jQuery library to make it work
Since you want to update a part of the page you will need to use ajax to accomplish that.
We got a king size on the 6th floor.
I can send keypresses over with and i believe that sending over joystick commands would work similarly, something like but trying out different values for wParamL and wParamH doesnt do anything.
Saving a field generated in ng-repeat in AngularJS So, what I need here is to save a data in an array for every field generated in ng-repeat.
6 stars for the pizza, n/a for the other food, 4-star decent beer selection for the size of the place, 2 star for the prices, 5 stars for the owner, 2 stars for the employees/service, 5 stars for timeliness.
The fact that this place has a bacon night has impressed me for years.
I have the code below: It is an ajax call to a controller action in an C# MVC application.
Any ideas about the exception and possible causes/solutions are highly appreciated.
RegEx Alternatively if an AST is over the top for your specific task you can use RegEx.
In the end the user shoud be able to download the Word document filled with the necessary data.
We found a couple stools and ordered dinner at the bar.
The guy who works here gave me the best customer service and helped me pick out my new favorite jeans.
You can't convert that to a meaningful value.
s3demo.php includes access codes to my Amazon S3 account so I want to have it outside my public folder.
There are a few issues with that which can be addressed e.g.
What's the simplest way to visualize it on the scatter?
Create a online database (000webhost.com) 2.
Then i am redirecting from there to a Send Message pop up (FB.ui 'send' method).
A simple acknowledgement is always appreciated in such situations, but it amazes me how many times the front desk staff resorts to momentary ignorance.
I notice the first URL shows the location "houston" in the description text.
AVA/ Shadow Lounge is a place that I would take my out of town guest on a Monday night.
What I would give to have some.
First line -- a table scan (see NULLs and ALL) 2nd and 4th line -- an index scan ("Using index"), but rather costly since 10K rows needed.
Your example is different: you're not capturing meaningful relationships among instances.
If you don't have an HTML editor installed, WTP is fine, per Rahul's suggestion.
actually closes the file, whereas just returns a method to close the file.
Thank you in advance for you help!
From March 2013 visit: the food was much better, good enough that I want to return.
But you have to start somewhere.
I've tested pack200 in isolation, and it does not cause this problem.
The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.
Picked up a cranberry jelly, various crackers.
\nWhile they don't deliver, you can get take out, so you can bring home a yummy Thai treat.\n\nI need to go here again asap!!!
Try enclosing them in back-ticks like HTH
I think the problem you are having is that the method you are using is looking for the "?" operator in the URL, as in a traditional GET request (e.g.
When the cell's editing bit is set to YES, will automatically be invoked.
I've purchased business cards and placesetting cards.
This ends up looking like this: From what I can tell, the push saves the warning flags before the disable, and the pop restores them.
It's just family friendly and the prices are great.
Please let me know if you need any further assistance with this idea.
feels like I'm back home in SC!
The expected result should be to check if old input data exist, and check the corresponding radio button if so.
Below is the code executed to load the image into the page.
Students really build a community here.
Not the cleanest theater in the world and just as expensive as anywhere else but it does the trick.
If you're a visitor, this is our contribution to fast-food-chain America.
When you changed from classic pipeline to integrated pipeline, you essentially turned control over to .NET, meaning .NET will call up the ASP Parser.
Both of us had superior Bloody Mary's.
Service was a bit slow, but will definitely keep going back.
Absolutely worth it for the money.
This was so much food, we couldn't even look at the dessert menu.
But I don't know how to call webservice automatic.
What does numpy.cov actually do I am new to python and to linear algebra and I have a question about covariance of a matrix.
His questions when trying to understand your code will help you better understand his thought process.
Using a rotation matrix allows for extremely simple modelling equations, but there exists a simple mapping to and from a quaternion if you prefer that representation for other reasons .
I am a big fan of this place.
\n\nBTW, it does get pretty packed during the weekends and can get crowded.
Look at or if you want to programmatically measure the size.
It's a dinner item, but you can order it at lunch.
That is, if you have All Tasks view with Timeline above it, you need to delete All Tasks view and recreate it.
However, I have no clue about how to draw similar heat maps for a city, and specifically here, New York city?
This can be done in O((N+k) log N), where N is the number of line segments (roughly the number of vertices) and k is the number of intersections.
The staff was fast, directing me over the the sushi bar where I checked out immeadiately.
Two levels, downstairs looks more the irish pub part.
Am I still looking at an O(n) algorithm to look up a class's instance variables anyway?)
I feel like I am just specifying the path wrong somewhere or something like that, but I can't seem to figure it out.
The welcoming taste of hors d'oeuvres was just right.
Is there .NET implementation of T E X?
My roommate and I refer to Courtney as \""Courtney Copperfield\"" because she is a legit magician!
Yes, the do have specials and discounts but those are not year round.\n\nAs for the stuff, well, there's nearly everything.
because Oracle doesnt support empty Strings just like Other High Level languages or DBMS..
\n\nInside, it's a mix - diner meets hall, flags and Spaten gear everywhere.
I also can't get enough of the salmon sushi.
Nine months later, I still receive emails from the shelter asking about the dog and offering more suggestions.\n\nI would highy suggest adopting from this shelter.
If you are try to get all module inside a directory, you need to create a js file: that encapsulate an for example.
\n\nOh, sometimes I really miss Pittsburgh.
And while I love the videos on the wall, they do tend to get repetitive.
You need to add "px" to left.
For natural ingredients and consistent quality baked goods this place is it.
It was so good in fact, that I didn't even consider anything else during our 2nd visit in two weeks.
i'm sure there are more elegant solutions but maybe it helps:
My breakfast was made well, tasted great, and dressed pretty as a picture.
if your breakpoint is not hit automatically, but only after some user action you don't need the of course.
I loved the interior of the fitness center as well.
Hyper-reactive to remove plates in front of you...
I always add the following init-method to my bootstrap to pass the configuration into the registry.
\n\nWe had grabbed 4 lounge chairs in the front of the wave pool so we could lay out and relax it was a great option to have those or go sit in the Cabana.
But setMinutes() is That doesn't do anything.
I would like to shorten this execution time.
computing multiple fixed effects on large dataset I'm trying to perform a fixed effects regression for two factor variables in a CSV dataset containing over 4000000 rows.
Been coming to this restaurant for years, before the fire that caused the entire renovation of the place you now go to.
How do I go about killing threads invoked by performSelectorInBackground?
Move of class with pimpl won't compile In the following example, how is it possible that ~CImpl is called correctly but when the class needs to be moved, the compiler says it has an incomplete type?
It's worthy to note that some languages (e.g.
There's not a lot of leg room between rows of seats though, so climbing in and out of rows is a bit tricky.\n\nThis may not be the newest stadium out there, but it does the job.
The high level code that I entered is: Changing the framework used in the decompiler I get this code: I have looked several places to try and understand this but I haven't quite gotten it yet.
Here for a birthday dinner for my fiance and having been to a few other Morton locations I knew what I was in store for.
Is it possible to use socket.io between NodeJS and AngularJS I have two independent applications (frontEnd and BackEnd).
The beauty of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can only be described as mesmerizing.
I'm always a little scared with mass produced filets, but they were all cooked perfectly.
Pittsburghs goin' to the superbowl!\n\n\n\""Y'ins kicked ass this yir, playin dawn-tawn at the new stadium.\"" \n\nI love you, the best things about Pittsburgh- ever.
I'll be back again for more food once the snow has melted to try the other items on the menu.
My problem is that the plan_id on my app doesn't get transmitted over to Stripe.
\n\nIf you've never had Indian food before, this is probably the best place in Charlotte to try it.
No need to get fancy, but if you do want to get into fancier versions of this look into the repository design pattern (though I would argue that its not really necessary if using a good ORM).
I can use javascript if needed.
The menu offers burgers, apps, and sandwiches and sports several vegetarian options.
I requested a couple batches of fried oysters for the table, and then we went in rounds, ordering our blackened catfishes and our crawfish etouffees and our obscene platters of shrimp and fish and sausage and delight.\nWithout needing to ask, our upright waiter returned with another round of beers and a handful of waters.
Two chicken dishes, two shrimp dishes: Sesame shrimp, Szechuan shrimp, Honey Lemon Chicken, Tangerine Chicken.
Rails: Fetch nth table record I know I can find the first user in my database in the command line with, And I can find the last with my question is how would I call the 11th user in a database.
Normally, I avoid buffets, but their brunch buffet is nice.
The place is the shiz you can watch everything from Buster Keaton to blacksploitation to british drama to movies from, i'm pretty sure, every country in the world.
There are probably a lot of ways, but why not treat direction as a optional argument, which when not set indicates a reset condition.
That way, you don't overarchitect your solution to start out with, but it gives you the flexibility to spin off very high-usage clients to a dedicated database.
That’s why it's possible to prevent a form from being submitted or prevent a keypress or mouse click from being registered from within an event handler.
The Strip was a ghost town on a Saturday night (during the Kenny Chesney concert).
I've been eating at BBQ king since I can remember, being like most westsiders.
It is also secured with certificates and I used kwk docker registry frontend to setup a nice UI for my docker registry but I am facing an issue in kwk frontend that sometimes when I click on "Browse Repositories" on the main page it goes to "localhost/repositories/20"; (searches for 20; which shows nothing obviously).
Given that OPcache is in place with this version of PHP, can I use it to cache the result of my PHP script execution for a faster response time?
Ingres is now available with an open-source license, but has been greeted with a bit of a collective yawn by the open-source community.
Next, if you order fried rice with your meal ($1.75 extra) instead of white rice, the chef does the fried rice and portions it out.
They've got a lot of great food and drink, nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.
Note: has a known issue were it will throw checked exceptions which you don't know about.
When I did it this way it worked fine.
Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front.
Can someone explain it to me step-by-step?
I like roasted red bell pepper, and I've had dips and purees made of them, but I've never sought it out.
If you see the girl with a Starbucks and sheepdog, please wave!
Overall, a great night with friends and a great game!
That, and also I couldn't really find other \""healthier\"" options in walking distance.
As you've read it can be overwhelming to navigate the tight aisles with a large cart and huge crowds.
The wait staff was very friendly and came over to ask if we needed anything on a regular basis even though it was close to 10pm.\n\nSpicy noodles were great.
After traveling Italy for four months I would still say that the gnocchi here is incredible!
code for tab widget : Code for pyqtgrapgh: I have tried the way you have suggested me but now I am getting two windows popped up with none of them showing me the plots.
I've created the custom keyboard and everything is working fine, except the animation which is kind of popping up of key.
And after a minute or two I was shoo'd away.
Also, they only take cash (crepes run $7-9 plus $2 drinks).\n\nThey may have some mildly unpleasant/unpopular 'rules' but I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here and plan on returning.
I had not even given them a thought.
It is a Java application serving as a proxy; it provides quite a lot of features and proved to be very helpful to me in the past.
The crispy tofu appetizer is awesome.
To get rid of that use this:
Bobby and I always find ourselves here to escape the hectic downtown scene.
Living in New Orleans means flying through other cities with bigger airports quite often, and Charlotte-Douglas International is one of the nicer ones that I get to frequent.
But, for new features, I want to use Webdriver.
But I do not know how to combine both formulas into one cell.
I don't understand why there is always such a long wait for a table here.
In this moment I have a method in the entity that uses this path (yes is an entity and not a controller) adjust the configuration parameter with a code like this: As the parameter comes from the file I'd like to move outside of the entity this adjustment.
Next step, finding a possible solution : CSS Set a predefined width for all Iframes, example [CSS][1]; OR Jquery (Example: [change-iframe-width-and-height-using-jquery][2]) I have not tested thoroughly but this solution seems to solve the issue :
Your fragment shader needs to hold both textures and then trigger lerping once you load the second texture, the one that you want to change to.
Outside seating in mild weather is awesome.
it is not as good as capital grille, but man is it close.
For example layout-ldpi , layout-hdpi , etc.
As can be seen from my photo, this martini comes with a rim of chocolate syrup spangled with multicolored decorative sprinkles, which made for a very festive--and delicious--birthday drink.
The error you are getting can also occur if only SellerId is Merchant like above, or anything different that has nothing to do with what you are trying to do.
To avoid any kind of conceptual joins I have put all related data in a single document.
I'm not sure about the area this place is in since I'm new in town, but the food is amazing.
That's a WIN WIN WIN in my book!
My favorite meal here is the Turkey Jezebal, thin sliced turkey, lettuce, tomato, cheese, served on a croissant style bun.
And I copy and paste but got 1 warning and 1 error
Great for kids of all ages.
The child objects are generated by a function that runs when the user selects a badge and uses "Yes, do it now!" to store it in "myBadges".
As you want to avoid recursion, you need to reverse the list first.
It's one of the few places that doesn't reek of cigarettes, it's never crowded and the open garage doors are great for fresh air.\n\nI tried their buffalo (boneless) wings last night in the jack daniel's sauce - way better than Sharp Edge's.
It will always be home-cooked, open and ready to accept you regardless of the time of day or the day of the week.
On this visit, I was there for a seminar.
The buffet is also very clean and even though I showed up within an hour of closing, they were still bringing out fresh entrees.
So I need another way to extend the application context and then the list of providers.
Now I want to create simple relation between theme, in relation created between and , now I wrote some functions on models: User model: Tickets model: This code as return null on relation result, for example:
I would go back to a place like Arbys to be treated with respect before I went to a different fast food restaurant!
- you can find doors as low as $5 and I'm not talking dirty stained or broken door.
The restaurant owner/manager/old Greek guy came out onto the sidewalk as we were walking by and practically begged us to come in.\n\nI had a grilled fish dish that was nicely cooked along with a glass of the house red wine.
To use Control, Alt, or Shift as end-keys, specify the left and/or right version of the key, not the neutral version.
Error in Insert a Products wth CSV in magento I have a a csv files for insert a products in magento.
The reverse case (comma delimiter to double pipe), however, works: What am I doing wrong?
In the main form, KeyPreview is set to true and we override OnKeyDown() to process application wide keyboard shortcuts.
Turns out Carl's cakes and the flavor I tried was hazelnut apricot.\n\nI went to see what they offered at the market street diner in terms of variety.
The Automobile class is really used solely to handle the creation of the "car" object.
In this day and age that is crucial.
He was quickly able to \""read\"" us and introduced us to a model, which I,quite frankly, did not know existed.
Construct a javascript date from a string without timezone (for JqueryUI datepicker) I'm using the jQueryUI Datepicker library and I need to supply it with a date that is dynamically loaded for the min date.
Definitely worth the bad service :)
Same problem here Have you test a or
The library hasn't designed their own bags and give those flimsy ones from the grocery store.\n\nThis location is closed Sundays and Mondays during the summer.
Now Edit needs to define the protocol on its end that it is going to use to get to those methods in Select.
Seriously, the beer corner is the best part of this store.
I prefer the style you're using, but even Google was not able to reach a consensus about this:-( 3.- Where do I put my imports?
If your front-end is the only web-accessible host you can set up a rack middleware or run rainbows to proxy the processed results through the frontend to the client.
I noticed that with set to , the user was able to select multiple weeks or time slots which was not desired.
IS an array and even it does not have a constructor that takes an array.
He made no attempt to push my budget.
This class is more limited than that of Joda-Time as it supports only objects without time zones (always in UTC).
A small example from MSDN Documentation Consider that the script file name is , is a scripting variable; your SQL script look like You can then specify the name of the column that you want returned by using the option like Which will resemble to below query EDIT: If you just want to capture the output from your script file then you can use parameter and specify a outfile like
How every individual progressview is identified uniquely .
Problem now is that if the event is cancelled or changed, we cannot get a new *.ics to be recognized as overriding the original.
I ended up with a dress that I loved for almost half of my total budget.
Huge portion, perfectly deep-fried, with a really nice, light texture.
Any laundromat you go to is going to have some inconveniences, but this is by far one of the nicer ones I've used.
The optimisation that would be nice is if on the first just sets the internal index to , and I thought the JITter could do this, but it seems not to, for the versions I've tried.
I mean I'll gladly love to be one-upped but til that day comes, best tacos in Pittsburgh!
They would also order just before us understandably leading to some slower service times for us which I would guess is not the norm.
Bonus tip 2: they also sell parking passes for $5 before, during, and after the show.
A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food.
If you are using alarms to trigger everything I would say the IntentService is fine.
access) so don't worry about the gas.
For everything else you have to roll your own or find a library to use.
The HTML, And this is the JS, Some questions that I have about this, What happens when false or true is returned to onclick?
CMPD and even Pineville patrol the area on a regular basis.
I rather enjoyed the size, but just wanted to make note of it.
Using it is not recommended .
First, on the parent mapping in your example means that if you delete the subfolder, its parent will be deleted also.
I just opted for some overpriced and overcooked pizza.
jQuery's method is both a getter and a setter.
I wasn't a huge fan but my husband loved it and compared it to being on the same scale as Eleven so that's why it gets a 4 star rating.
I'm facing this problem and trying to find some solution, but at the moment with no results.
In our case, in action the object was initialized with some values that were received in the parameters( ), now when is rendered in the , the same object is used in the form by default.
One way of doing this is to perform a rolling upgrade.
I specifically want to talk about their salad.
Sorry, I didn't understand the question exactly then.
google cloud storage maximum objects Folks, I'm uploading the contents of a data drive to a Google Cloud Storage bucket.
Whether it can be done cleanly, so as not to cause compatibility issues with existing loaders, is a question for core maintainers.
I switch between the original pancakes and their banana walnut pancakes.
As I know "the instantiation of the application context create the container that consists of the objects define in that XML file.
Is there a way to authenticate the credit card prior to charging it?
Folks when you come here don't eat lunch because the food dishes are huge.
While waiting for my food (I was early), I perused the menu and noticed that what I had ordered (mixed veggies w/ brown sauce and an order of General Tso's tofu) didn't exist on the menu.
We typically go with the Amaretto Meltdown.
Your best bet is probably SQLite , a database engine.
Safari behaves better than Firefox, but an error message (“One error in opening the page…”) shows up in the status bar if you remove the iframe during the event.
Some nice paintings on the wall but the one is a myth.
After going just a few times they had my name and order memorized.
This theater does offer a popcorn bucket which you can buy and use for the entire year giving you a discount on future popcorn purchases.
I don't consider these detriments because this store perfectly suits my needs.
Scroll down until you see an entry that looks like this: Set your Solr home (for example: ) and uncomment the env entry.
When publishing, the same savemethod, for draft, is invoked.
Will they be able to open my pages when i use MasterPages, or must i stay away from MasterPages?
medium story short I never made it out there.
Now, if Andy seasoned the sushi rice as sushi rice should be seasoned, then I'd have to give the guy at least a 4.5 star rating (fresh ingredients, ample servings, creativity, appearance or presentation and seasoned sushi rice on top of all of that).
Tessaro's is one of those Bloomfield institutions that certain generations of Pittsburghers always rave about.
Victory Lane is a fun place to challenge your racing skills and your friends.
Took the girls here for Mother's Day and sat on the patio, which is even more attractive with the new greenway.
Recommend to everyone just get there early for a seat.
I will try to put it simple, assuming you are familiar with SSIS and Script Components Main problem is that your column contains leading 0's that makes it harder to parse the value to float.
Java won't write UTF8 characters in MySQL through a JNDI datasource I have configured JNDI to access a MySQL database with the UTF-8 server charset.
Many, many late nights have I spent here, post strike party, or any other type party, eating the grease necessary to fight off the hangover I deserved the next day.
When this other person sends me raw code, I can open the project in Android Studio, compile it, and run it on a device and everything works fine - except the Google map is blank - grey screen, with "Google" logo in bottom corner.
To me, I judge "how much" by the size and scope of the project.
The Ruben washed down with the Mecktoberfest beer was a good combo.
Once the last space of a console buffer row is used, the console cursor automatically jumps to the next line.
It is a hidden gorgeous Pittsburgh oasis under the 31st bridge near Washington's Landing (note: the Yelp map is wrong) where you don't feel at all like you're in Pittsburgh, but instead on vacation.\n\nDisclaimer: I have heard that at night it is full of strange frat boys (from no actual fraternity), Cougars, tramps, creatures of the night -- or undesirables.
Here are my mappings for reference:
You are going to make lots of mistakes, so you don't want to be pissed off.
Got the answer: When trying to upload file using IE, its taking my filename as instead of so replaced with in above.
Returning to a simpler Point class.
\n\nService is friendly and specials are great.
I went to Casbah for brunch, it's a $22 prix-fix, which includes an alcoholic bev, an appetizer and an entree.
The beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch.
\n\nEveryone in the group left their plates looking like they had licked them clean.
The owner, was there during our time and they display outside seating, as well as indoors.
I've also never had cinnamon butter for my rolls before I came here.
In the usual case destructor is not caused for objects created in .
Although this place is in North Carolina, I was happily surprised by a sauce that didn't overpower with vinegar.
Once the user has submitted the correct promo code, your authorizing page stores something in the Session collection.
c# 4.0 get class properties with (specified attribute and attribute.data) I would like to get what properties of my class have an exact attribute with a concrete string.
\n\nThe fee was 100$ an hour.
It is a Winforms c# project.
The reason for it is that if the policy didn't apply, upon visiting evil site, that site would essentially control your browser, could take use of any active sessions and cookies etc.
What do I have to do to avoid that, and update the database 3 times?
Fried rice went well with everything and balanced the tuna and sauce out.
Comment out the log scale line to see the first graph.
It is one of the most mature and widely used open source NLP toolkits in industry.
An exceptional pizza delivery spot you will be grateful to attend.
The code below generates a data.table with 6 rows, the last two of which only have one of the two possible levels for f2 nested within f1.
He cut it perfectly to enhance my curls and did everything exactly as I asked (I've had trouble before with stylists ignoring my instructions about cutting my bangs or being too timid about cutting off damage).
I'm guessing its because the code is trying to merge 2 cells that are not adjacent to each other.
Any ideas what might fix this?
Are you looking for mere joins?
Good atmosphere and a friendly crowd.
I need to stick my hand out beyond any blind corner to keep from being run over.
They measure about 6\"" x 2\"" and are always hot, golden brown and delish!
The doctor seems to talk to the cat in some secret mystical cat language.
Dplyr is much more intuitive and easy in my opinion.
php max function to get name of highest value?
Since I have very dark hair and my hair took longer to lift to the desired color, she told me that I would have to go home and come back later that day or tomorrow for her to finish!
The portion sizes were enough to feel full and take enough home for meals the next day.\n\nThe service was excellent as well - our server was very personable and friendly.
It was crowded, but we were lucky enough to get a booth.
I held my breath and darted for my room.\nI opened the door with both fear and anticipation.
Food & service are very good.
\n\nI love the Shuttle Personnel who never want you to wait for a shuttle.
We ordered a side dish of Alfredo for our niece because she couldn't eat a whole dish alone and neither my husband or I care for Alfredo ourselves.
I'm just messing around with the Gdriv.es service and the link you posted.
The class of this element should be NSArray but when I run the code I see the class as __NSArrayM.
You cannot directly tell it to call the method.
Not a big deal, unless you're like me and you don't typically carry cash.
Make sure its in the right package, runs for me.
The crispy, but greasy, fries have slowly grown on me.
any warnings about any of the above?
Cordova Build fails on iOS with iOS 3.6.3 and cordova 4.0.0 I just upgraded to and upgraded my iOS platform to version .
The crowd is cool, the atmosphere is terrific, and the beer selection is among the best in the city.
\n\nI go because it's close and it's easy.
Everything tasted like \""mom's food.\"" Made fresh to order, and very satisfying.
My first cut was with Sara and my second with Heather.
The Italian food tastes homemade and authentic.\n\nThis is a great place for a date but not for a family.
This has the benefit of being usable in the middle of a javadoc description.
So I had to push my way in, got the same excellent service as I always do.
I'm pretty new to Indian food, but there were so many options and so many things I liked!
I gave it to my mom.\""\n\nSome people, it seems, just like a challenge.\n\nThat's when Monica called up her friend's mom out of the blue and asked if she still had the sign, and whether it had any sentimental value.
How can I save a relationship entry to a pivot table in laravel?
What I want is, when client requests for followers of the user, I should return the followers, and append if the follower is followed by the current user.
That's not functionality that is present in the plain vanilla Delphi IDE, so I suspect that you have used functionality from either GExperts or CnPack to lock your toolbars.
Also, this was the only part of the meal that I had left overs to take home.
insert into data base by javascript i have this code for get rss from other site then i need to insert title and linke of the new on table on data base this cod by javascript
The error you posted is complaining that nothing was sent to the constructor, which sounds to me like you're using your controller the 'default' way.
They're very attentive and the restaurant decor is great.
Flash (CS4) can include AIR code but doesn't include Flex code.
- whole thing is a great deal.\n\nMy husband and I have enjoyed The Club for years ...
Creation: Usage: So, my question is, is this the best solution to my problem?
Reserved words are a moving target.
Ruby on Rails framework adds some methods to the String class and there is some debate about whether this is a good technique or not.
The application built and run well on developer machine with , but could not be launched on client machine.
When I run the example from , I get the correct result back: 1 slow mo video.
Can you point out me for the code of this?
Dare I say this meal (with one small exception) rates in my top five of all time?
The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches.
In the past, when I was still living in Pittsburgh, we would go here for the Korean BBQ almost every weekend.
The ISO 8601 standard defines a week as beginning on a Monday, ending on Sunday, with the first week of the year being the first to contain a Thursday, resulting in 52 or 53 weeks a year.
I read that the URL-rewriting is possible using .
I headed to Hyatt because they have everything!\n\nThe staff is very helpful and were more than patient to point out where stuff was in the large shop and provide expert recommendations.
Betwen the moment I lzft the plane and got my suitcase, barely 20 minutes had passed.
I have the following code: I'm iterating over a json array and I want to assign the same function (with different parameter, depending on an id from the array) to each button, and as I mentioned in the comment, it overwrites each button with the same parameter.
Android ArrayList: check an element exists of another ArrayList I have two .
I had the exact same problem with a VS 2012 and oracle.dataAccess.dll In a software my team developed.
That's because when the is shown, the method is immediately called.
Flash project does not show text correctly Currently I am working on fixing a 3 year old flash project.
Same as the title says: Can my sql server ignore some of my requests just because it is busy?
I want only the .mp3 files to be displayed and not any of the folders/ sub folders.
But sadly my friends was definitely not edible !
This is the war overlay principle.
This is definitely on the list to check out when I return.
Note that refers to your Tomcat directory &amp; refers to the amount of heap memory you want to give to your Solr.
I've gone through all the official Django tutorial, but I can't seem to figure out a template section of it.
How to get all records from a nested activerecord collection I have an ActiveRecord query that i need help with.
First off the view is outstanding.
My boyfriend and I discuss food often and he talked about his place with reverence always.
It's more like a marinated shredded cabbage, the marinade is tangy and vinegary.
Edit: if i print $users all the users are displayed nicely, but when i tried to sort them it tells me is not array, so i took $users, and did explode to create the array...
Fiori's qualifies as a good pizza, and probably the best I've had from this area of town.
Gradle and Maven compile my project but I am getting NoClassFoundError I am trying to compile my project which uses Gradle and Maven.
...where you do your null check in the entity method instead (and returning empty string or whatever if null).
Program is supposed to run on Intel 8086.
Is there anything I can do at this point?
The letter and digit string is captured with , as is the final digit; the replacement follows the example separating the fields with a semicolon rather than a comma as stated in the question; clearly, to output a comma as stated but not shown is trivial.
Also, the tables can be kind of sticky, but thats par with the course.
How do I alter the value being updated in a ListView?
and I would also appreciate it if someone could give me a great tutorial on how to build your own TYPO3 extensions .
We got right in and was seated in less than a minute.Our server came right to us for our drink order.
Microwave popcorn and a DVD player in my suite's living room.
But as you say, you could also use .
I'm trying to make the value in the select be shift date followed by a space and then the shift name.
Google developed the highly efficient protocol buffers serialization mechanism.
I have finally found my forever salon!!
I can understand if you are squeezing the bread through the bag but don't TOUCH it!
Then call a reset method (or similar) on your view controller to pop back to the root view controller.
DataSource and Delegate for mainTV is set to the VC and delegate for ddTableView is set the VC.
The d\u00e9cor is so very not-airport, with artsy chandeliers and those chic sofas I mentioned.
There are two approaches I generally take: Use ItemClick on the List Continuing using Click but do some redirection on the ViewModel side.
I also really enjoyed their seasoned fries.
My friend really enjoyed the atmosphere, and said she'll definitely be back soon.
Since the move from NY, I'd been really craving some quality, New York-style pizza, and hadn't had a ton of luck finding any (although the search introduced me to some excellent \""Pittsburgh-style\"" pizza joints, so I'm not complaining.) \n\nVilla Reale really came through.\n\nI loved that you could order a slice with basically whatever toppings you wanted (I'm used to being at the mercy of whatever \""slice\"" pie has been languishing under a heat lamp for 3 hours).
Last resort if the place is totally full are the treadmills upstairs.
My experience was so positive I feel compelled to pass on this great find.
As long as that dish stays good, I will always come back.
So I'll assume that's not what you mean.
\nMy fritata was good and the home fries were good too.\nJust get there before noon, if you want breakfast.
Weird, twiggy rijad's mushrooms and way too many of them (TWO piles of those things, posed at opposite ends of the plate like mini pyres waiting to be lit).
I know it works because if I just run it directly in the browser, I get the mail.
This: Is declaring that your ratio parameter is an output from the procedure, but it's not.
However, I am using ConcurrentDictionary to hold the individual Dictionary objects.
I tried echoing the $_POST['filterCategory'] and didn't get a result.
They also have gelato, and some unwrapped candies that look fresh made, behind a front counter.\n\nWe bought the aforementioned lavender sea salt caramels, and a few other bars.
I was totally blown away by our Mother's Day meal at Cafe Sam.
\nI ordered 2 slices of pepperoni to go for less than $5.
The concourses were clean, large and open, and they have ROCKING CHAIRS along the sides to relax in.
As a starting point, use which is probably native to the architecture and you'll avoid possible implicit conversions when comparing with other bits and pieces.
Great wine, decent price.\n\nThe decor was so Art Nouveau it was leaning towards camp - but I love anything from that era, so that was fine by me.
not working as intended for on Outlook 2007 Problematic &lt; style> tags don't seem to work properly in an Email sent to Outlook 2007.
The atmosphere is so fun and lively, and you wouldn't look a bit out of place in your lederhosen!
The best sandwiches at amazingly great prices!
￼def take(n: Int): Stream[A] My solution is as follows: I store this as Stream2.scala and then from the REPL I execute the following: When the REPL tries to load my script, it barfs with the following errors: scala> :load Stream2.scala Can somebody point out what might be going wrong here?
You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu - everything I have had has been great!
He was very cordial and paid great attention to detail.
\n\nOkay, I have no idea if that statement is accurate.
Most rolling deployments will simply involve just updating the container's image for the new version of software.
And none of it seems to give a visible border for this row.
merge socket.io and express.js sessions I want to merge express.js and socket.io sessions together.
In case of unigram language model it is usually not a problem but in case of higher n-grams it can be prohibitively expensive or not feasible.
Have always had a good experience and their food is delicious!
Using server side html+js in phonegap (multiplatform mobile dev) Phonegap uses html source located in www folder.
How to use typename in c++?
docker and elastic beanstalk container stopped unexpectedly and permission denied I am trying to extend this docker image which is provisioned with ansible and build successfully on docker hub at least, part of this image includes a user called play which owns a directory called /home/play/Code that has 755 permissions.
Also note that if the external address is NAT'ed to your internal one, binding to the internal one should be enough.
I love to travel so I am always excited to see the airport, unless I am waiting in the cell phone lot.
If you look at the very first line of your crash report, it states you are passing a nil string to NSURL's initFileURLWithPath method: From Apple documentation.
I definitely took advantage of the gym while I stayed there.\n\nAs for the conference space, it does a pretty good job, with plenty of meeting rooms and ballrooms.
Because it's a Freaking Gym, not a club or a spa.
And I very much liked it that way!
Many Indian restaurants either are afraid of using spices or carelessly overdo it.
The food is delicious, and sometimes (positively) surprising.
I really kind of liked this little store.
Hold shift, right click this directory, and open command window here.
You have 7 characters when there should only be 6: #FFD3CEf Generally speaking, the best way to handle special styles on the active page link is just to add a class (ex.
The API and all client libraries in turn will return actual objects when they are queried for.
We have already gone back with another clothing repair.
I know some companies have proxy servers that require a separate authentication.
Like some people wouldwalk a mile for a Camel, I would walk 10 miles for beef short ribs.
is an interface which you need to implement when you want to handle click events.
Or do they analyse all words and determine the frequency?
It has its own dedicated parking lot in the back, which is great because parking in the ares is always a bit problematic.
Similar question was answered What is meant by: "If it's a DependencyProperty of a separate class, the easiest way is to bind a value to it, and listen to changes on that value." can someone explain with an example.
I won't let one little issue stop me from eating here.
Ordered a few different style pizza's and some wings.
This would not be an issue except that now you have to go back in through the security checkpoints.
One of the greatest things about Murphy's Pub, other than the lively, fun and friendly bartenders, is that it offers several fun weekly events such as free bingo and trivia for prizes.
When we returned we were happy to have the fireplace in our room and cozied up with some of freshly baked cookies left out for guests.
It is one of the most popular text classification frameworks.
This is the only high cuisine restaurant I know of in Charlotte that does a unique vegetarian main each night as a special - and at 16.50 for my cauliflower cream pot pie (topped by perfect puff pastry, made in-house) it's accessible to anyone.
Sorry about the specific question - I'm writing up this page for my portfolio however the column is so narrow that it results in some undesirable formatting for the dark, code segments.
My husband had a cheddar burger and it too was great.
How to Implement Loose Coupling with a SOA Architecture I've been doing a lot of research lately about SOA and ESB's etc.
My only wish for the place is that the bartenders would know a bit more about what beers they serve.
The site is written in MVC 2 using C# for the backend.
The kase spatzle is delicious, and you can't eat at Max's without an order of soft pretzels!
is good too, but know that there's a fiscally savvy option just down the road.
This means that when malloc() returns non-NULL there is no guarantee that the memory really is available.
While I don't usually order those types of beverages, it seemed appropriate at a cajun restaurant and I was pleased.\n\nFood: I don't know about everyone else, but I was blown away by my Shrimp Julienne (?) - it was light, but plenty of food and DELICIOUS.
(for example, for methods like getter/setter we do not need to test them right)
And that's exactly why I'm giving 5 stars to Mr.
I recommend their awesome honey mustard as a dipping sauce.
Comes with chips, salsa, and really good queso.
It's clean and everyone is good.
I've never had a bad meal here.\n\n4.
I'm picky about French toast too, and this was served hot and just right with warm syrup.
I've been here twice and each time I couldn't force myself to order anything but the fried chicken.
Following is the pseudo code which helps to visualise my previous sentence: Am I getting this right?
The escarole was still slightly al dente and was swimming in a pool of beans with garlicy, plump fresh tomatoes .
\n\nFor an appetizer we got the mussels, which were in a garlic butter white wine broth - we were scouring the broth for escaped mussels by the end of it because it was so good we devoured it.
So: What do I have to do in Eclipse to accomplish my goals here?
as much as I frequent this place, I am puzzled as to why I haven't reviewed it - or maybe I reviewed another location by accident.
Good place for a casual hang out w/ friends or a not-out-to-impress date.
Upstairs is an unrelated Peruvian shop/cafe, which doesn't seem to serve food on Sundays.\n\nAt about 11:30 AM Sunday morning, on Valentine's Day no less, the wait here was only half an hour.
Yes, onions, cilantro and a squeeze of a lime wedge would be preferred, but I guess the Pittsburgh market prefers the lettuce tomato with sour cream deal.
I'm told the chili was good as well - not life altering, but good.\n\nThe waiter came back to take our dinner order: two orders of beer battered cod, an order of lake perch, and an order of shrimp.
Jackie sewed my rather complicated and silly wedding dress and did quite a job with it.
You can have distinct patterns only for positive and negative values.You should do something like:
Convert the 'data.frame' to 'data.table' ( ), grouped by 'site', the length of the unique 'method' is greater than 1, then get the Subset of Data.table.
Our server kept our glasses full.\n\nWe ordered the Summer Roll and Hot and Sour Soup.
But I would like to know how accurate it my timestamp depending on position accuracy.
Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area!
ie maybe something like change angular = window.angular || (window.angular = {}), to angular = window.extAngular || (window.extAngular = {}), would work, or at least give you a starting point to work on a patch
This is how customer service is supposed to be done, and needless to say I'll be bringing my baby back there for an oil change next week.
In the end it allowed for better query plans.
The place really has a grass roots feel to it and I love it.\n\nI would suggest anyone to come check out a show here and support this local theater.
Classes are packed but very high level instructors.
If you haven't gone to one ever, you should just go to say you've been.
The peach cobbler was different, but good.
Awesome place to go on a date.
I used to live right down the road from the Saucer and went there several times a week in order to earn my own gold plate up on the wall (something you get after drinking 200 different beers).
I can't say enough for Bethany and her team of prepared foods colleagues.
But in my Server Data Model "myno" is a double value.
Andrew, namely, is the guy that has taken care of our needs each time we've come in.
A couple of squeeze bottles of sauce on the table, get yourself a drink from the cooler or the fountain, and you're set.
You can create an array of month names and use it to get full month name for e.g
I suppose that means that the component does not exist in the ArrayList.
A good test/quick fix would be to make a separate Main class that only makes those calls, then calls the class you are currently using to start your app.
Other than that it is well worth it whenever you have the hankering for some Asian cuisine and a Netflix type of night.
The script will also run on "test.com", so the cross site policy is not an issue +++++ added a partial answer below.
Does anyone know if you can access artifacts in TeamCity by Tag in the same or another build?
Best place in the city for drop off laundry I've found so far.
The main thread stack is artificially reduced by the vm to the -Xss value) Sparc 64 bit: 1024 Linux amd64: 1024 (was 0 in 5.0 and earlier) (update: The default size comes from ulimit, but I can be reduced with -Xss) Windows: 256 (also here ) You can change the default setting with the -Xss flag.
Changing it to: Works as expected.
How do I keep the GameStats unique for every possible buildpath?
this code is not tested .
So for example you can have a functions.php file and then in your index.php file Aside from that, I think you just need to read up a bit and experiment on your own.
\n\nI don't go here all the time because of the price, but when I do, the experience has always been great.
:-) The strikeout text above may be or may not be true in theory (I'd have to dig through the JLS), but it would appear not to be true in pragmatic JVM/bytecode terms: Test: Bytecode: (pasted below).
If the problem is "how to locate the field that's above the current field": You need to store your pictureBoxes not (just) as picturebox1 to pictureBox64, but (also) as a two-dimensional array: .
She was right, we shared the tenderloin and poched lobster and with an appitizer and desert in was more than enough.
Really I'm just looking to make Symfony into Rails, (again, silly, but I'm stuck with Symfony for this project) so I'm wondering if there's a better way....?
You can try: or Both should return the character decoded as You expected.
The service varies depending on who is at the counter.\nSince discovering Graziano's I have been up and down Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield and always return to Graziano's.
Here's the easiest way to do this: give your and some ids.
\nThey are very consistent with their food (which I swear has crack in it....it's so good and keeps people coming back) \nDrinks are on the pricey side...thats the only pitfall here.
Using KISS FFT in Cinder the getBinSize function returns the expected 513 values for an input of 1024 signals.
Elizabeth is one of my favorite parts of town; I love how old houses have been remade into restaurants and offices.
My question is, when I return the 412 status can I also include the new representation of the resource or must the user issue a new GET?
I thought the food was well priced and the service was efficient.
\n\nI love when places surprise you!
For some reason, when you want to parse this using , you have to give a skipper grammar object.
It went from being a stuffy, dull, \""stuffed and mounted\"" exhibit to being a really neat walk-through one.
I like variety, what can I say??
Also, apps that depend on MAC address (such as some license servers) did require new license files, as the MAC address changed.
Sample response : {"mcode":"123","mobilesettings":{"mobile":"07405123154","email":"rcb@rtc.com","telephone":"0174465599","timeout":20,"mail_address":"abc.gmail.com","mail_user":"mail.user@gmail.com","mail_password":"password","task_state":0,"force_task_reason":0,"allow_free_task_reason":1,"unsent_sync":10,"booking_sync":240,"default_scan_mode":0,"gps_enabled":1,"gps_poll_interval":5,"minimum_gps_accuracy":100.0,"allow_blank_aborted_reason":false,"allow_free_aborted_reason":true},"staff":{"json_class":"Staff","staff_id":1234,"title":"","fname":"rags","mname":"","sname":"rags","location_id":321,"pager":"","mobile":"07444456789","email":"abc@def.com","website":"","dob":null,"job_title":"","uid_ref":1,"dt_stamp":"Tue Feb 11 13:13:44 +0000 2014","pin_no":"","wroptions":0,"dt_created":"Wed Dec 04 16:13:08 +0000 2013","user_created":1,"pin_start":"1234","pin_end":"1234","payroll_report":"Payroll.xml","external_payroll_ref":"","payroll_export":"Payroll.sql","supplier":0,"is_saved":1}}
They bring a small cooker to your table and make it but still isn't the same.
You are inserting a String as parameter to the setOpacity method, which only takes doubles.
How to emulate os.path.samefile behaviour on Windows and Python 2.7?
Now I will explain actually what I am trying to do here..
hear their fried chicken is amazing.
I was not all that impressed with the chili-dogs frankly (sorry...pun).
A good usage would be to implement a chunk to translate to-and from-base64 or any unaligned data structure.
Excellent food and well stocked groceries.\n\nIf you have never been to the Penn Avenue district of Pittsburgh, you are doing yourself a great disservice.
I love the infrared sauna they recently put in.
There's an awful lot more happening in your loop than needs to be - it is considerably quicker to plot once then update the data, rather than tearing down the plot and creating a new one every time.
There's a climactic scene in the movie Drive where the hero meets the badguy in a 'Chinese' restaurant.
PDT may handle encoding settings differently, but somehow I doubt that (file encoding being a low level functionality it makes sense that all plugins share this behavior).
You can use the callback function and compare inside the loaded and total data:
So it's not so much that people went "we want to use , let's use " but rather "we're writing functions like , let's invent to make that easy".
Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often.
The expression then yields a pointer to the initial element of the array, which is offset from the beginning of the block allocated by by the bookkeeping information.
What gets send to the server with request factory I have problem to understand what does Request factory send to server.
The object was generated from the start by a database request, containing a number of entires.
If you are using Laravel 5, you can do it like this (I am not sure if it is the best way) then in your view you can do this of course, if you are not using blade.
Therefore another class will know how to work with all classes that implements the Animal interface.
You're declaring on the varible inside the event handler.
Unsurprisingly, I've only been there for business related dinners.
This is what you want to use: -t -separator of fields(should not be used elsewhere in the inputfile is key for sorting(could be used > 1) means: sort numerical(this tells the ) by the field 1 from 5th to 8th character.
You probably want something like this: Then you can bind to the list like this: An alternative, equally valid approach is this: Then in your controller: Remember that is already a promise, which is why you can return it without any unnecessary promise/resolve handling.
I made this method: But the result was: Can't I set multiple conditions in a nice way?
Checking if an Object is null at the same time as a value of one of it's fields Which of these would be correct?
@hwnd's regular expression should do the trick, but I though I would throw this out there.
How to Sort products based on Product Variant Attribute Value in nopcommerce3.10 Please help me to filter products based on Product Variant Attribute Value in nopcommerce3.10 Thanks
It's hard not to love a place with that kind of attitude!
If you are heading to Carolina Place, this is the entrance I choose.
And the last line you quoted doesn't say "undefined behaviour", it says "the behavior is undefined".
The only thing I didn't like was the lack of attention to the bathroom floors, the amount of dust collecting was disgusting.
When the user clicks on the email address the websocket connection is closed.
The one small thing I don't like is that they are tucked away and really have to be looking for it to know where it is and it is sort of a small building.
It was nice to be able to get what I needed for a cheaper price than some other places.
How to get all the ids of elements inside a list using jquery I've a list as I want to get the of every element inside the .
Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action.
blending colors ios I want to rectangular crop the eye from one face and paste it on another face, so that in the resulting image skin color of portion of eye blend nicely with the face color of the persons on which we are pasting eyes.
\n\nA quaint Thai resto with a lack of glitz and glam - my kind of joint.
\nThe BF ate here once last year and loved it so much that we decided that we needed to make it our first stop on our road trip to Minnesota.
I have another worksheet containing rows with filtered applied on it.
Get Absolute Path Relative to DLL location I have a dll that depends on some external files.
\n\nMy only request is that it was a richer butter flavor.
I recommend at least using ORDER BY clauses carefully and consistently in your DML cursors so that your loop iterations are consistently matched with the same index/key values.
No frills, BYOB, no spa-like music simple Thai.
You shoud use django-dirtyfields and send email immediately or add this job_id to RQ.
In your case, the imports are working so you can run something like With an argument, attempt to return a list of valid attributes for that object.
about number of bits required for Fibonacci number I am reading a algorithms book by S.DasGupta.
Notes: This is not for a mission critical server.
See Guidelines and examples of array formulas for more information.
I turned on SSL debug on client.
I really don't want to have to have to use a collection of content items per type (e.g.
Hopefully It can help you to deal with your question as following code Arguments Examples If-else with 2 tables
What's happening is that the "event dispatch thread", where all the Swing events happen, is having to wait for your code.
So far my favorite is the steak pizza, however, it is all delicious.
But just as entertaining is the view of theater.
The airport seems clean, fresh, modern and friendly.
I can't remember the name of it, and it's not on the menu online, so ...
Granted, I don't know how diverse they get with their mix, I've only been once, but it's just done up really well.
Asked if here was anything else I needed and had a friendly demeanor.
You can earn money from impressions (ads being displayed) but it is very small amounts per thousand impressions.
Here is why, this place actually puts effort into its interior decor, which stands out from the rest of Asian restaurants.
Our five year old loved the experience and the food as well.
When my sister sent me a pic of what the flowers looked like, they were beautiful and exactly what I had pictured.
My family and I stopped by here for a quick dinner before the Pirates game.
\n\nMy Cesar salad was a little overdressed for my tastes, but still very flavorful and fresh.
I unchecked Installer at Setup Project prerequisites, but still it's not possible to install the application - the error message says that it requires a newer version of Windows.
Resulting function is defined in a self-invoking closure to hide the implementation and helper function.
Come here once a month (just for Sushi) - always delicious, always consistent.
The same scenario here: Array hydration only select the first level.
The main difference with a simple Directory is that it's built in with a Microsoft specific "Schema" and a security infrastructure with "Kerberos".
We ordered the fried zucchini for an appetizer, which was good but I thought the breading as a little bland, a great side salad, and I had the mediterranean pasta for my entree.
Never too greasy, and only lightly breaded.
And assign the sum of to .
It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience, but here it is.
How to get the values of these text boxes when submit the form using Angular js?
Nothing to fear; the flesh slides so effortlessly off the bone that it was a pleasure eating it - and quite tasty with that \""special sauce.\"" \n\nParis waited on us hand and foot.
Go to "File" -> "Invalidate Caches/Restart" and choose "Invalidate and Restart".
All really modern even in how they were presented.
ngAnimate doesn't work with ngShow/ngHide: ng-hide-add and ng-hide-remove classes are not generated I am trying to animate the ng-hide/ng-show directive and for some reasons none of the ng-hide-add*/ng-hide-remove* classes are not generated.
What I can't figure out is how to handle the loop.
On the delegate command you should rewrite the CantDoAnything() method to represent your enable and disable logic.
Or in other words, I want the 9.6% of the range (N2:N1041) to be filled with "0" and the rest with "2".
So through this table it guarantees that no migration is skipped.
There are lots of fun legends about the house being haunted.
The sauerkraut was a perfect combination of savory and acidic.
I am using in-app billing 3 in my apps.
I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!
Chang's is more paced for retires and people on dates, not my lifestyle.
Anything shiny grabs my attention immediately.
I need to plot this function.
I've tried muramoto, takara, but sushibox was the only place that i could finish my plate.
Drinks were very good.\n Food: For an appetizer, we ordered the crab cakes.
I've been coming to Bombay Grille for more than 6 years now.
I looked forward to the end of each inning just to see what would happen between the innings.
Problems with upgrading Jekyll I want to upgrade Jekyll to 1.5.1 in order to get some of the latest features, but I'm running into some trouble.
If the EditCar command is on the main viewmodel (which also contains the MyCars collection), you need to explicitly set the Source of the Binding to that object.
A CPU has as many register sets as threads that can run at a time.
For $28 you get the brunch buffet, your choice of main course AND a mimosa or Bloody Mary.
Museum is free with $3 suggested donation.
They also have a little sitting area to hang out in, rather than having to lean against your washing machine.\n\nThe downside is that it's more expensive than other laundromats I've been to, and the dryers are pretty tricky (some take forever to dry your clothes, some run too hot, sometimes make your clothes smell like gas...
If you're sure there aren't case like that, I'd suggest you to use trim() instead of str_replace() .
Staff is very friendly, and store is always neat and clean.
But if you can stand to keep it veg, Carpe is an incredible bargain.
Products are: for Example : mean, valid for warranty .
It's served from noon to four daily, which is nice for a \""ladies who lunch afternoon\"" or a Saturday or Sunday outing for mom.
You can't return from these inner methods, because that isn't how callbacks work.
Thanks for sending me down the rabbit-hole...
Avoiding some or all parameters makes it harder to reuse a nested function elsewhere because any new containing function would have to declare those same variables.
I can't say enough wonderful things about this place!
I hope you access your fields by pair of get/set methods.
yes my problem is like @Tsunaze say: I have a tree, and I want to put heads on it,
Absolutely fantastic.\n\nThe name \""take-out\"" is rather misleading because there is ample seating inside the place and many interesting jazz memorabilia to peruse over while eating so eat-in instead of taking-out as the name suggests.\n\nI'll definitely be making a stop here again whenever I'm in the Madison area for some good ol' N'Orleans style cookin'.
Once programmers realise that they spend most of the time solving the same problems as someone else already did, and the goal is to realise "business value", then they can really appreciate the value a good library brings.
\n\nThe rooms were extremely nice as well with amenities (fridge and iron, essential for a work hotel room).
Is this a bug or a feature?
This resolved the issue for me when I upgraded our site to the latest jQuery release (1.8.3).
Can not Update A Picture Into A Database Using PDO Having problems updating an image into the database.
Very nice place to wind down after a long day.
Then try out the following code: So if we just write , we can still use : this is proof that the file isn't actually "closed" to access yet!
show progress bar when pushing using git I'm trying to push a large file to a repository using but it is failing on the half way.
If you are using wordpress then you should use the session_start(); in wp-config.php file so please first put in you wp-config.php at top and then check.
It took a minute for the cornbread to come out because it was hot and fresh out the kitchen.
You say the input contains [tab space] as delimiters, but the rest of your code doesn't seem to be expecting spaces so, without more information, I'm going to guess that the input is delimited only with tabs (not [tab space]), and the adjacent delimiters are being ignored, Then the last throws an exception which you are ignoring.
The fried rice is the all time favorite item for me !
Update First off I'd suggest you drop the use of setInterval, they're particularly problematic.
I did go online and check their website, and the prices I saw for corporate events were very reasonable.
My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it!
It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater.
He helped us choose a wine which we all enjoyed, and he poured it skillfully.
\n\nThe menu is pretty simple: The LottaBurger that made them famous, pizza, onion rings, tater tots and the like.\n\nWhat I love about Brightstar, though, is the escape it provides from chain restaurants and Charlotte's \""Fisher Price\"" design.
As far as I can tell, that ought to work, but popup->show() doesn't show.
The first thoughts we had were of Japan while looking at the decor.
But I'm able to do all four of these with Notepad opening a text file: Separate ProcessStartInfo Separate ProcessStartInfo with Properties Inline ProcessStartInfo No PSI, Just Process You may want to go with the first one so that you can breakpoint on the "Process proc..." line and examine the properties of .
The pumpkin chocolate chip bread is really moist and delicious as well.
But if you have complicated visuals it could take time to rerender them when they become visible.
There is a conflict with concurrent gradle versions: java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException: org.gradle.tooling.BuildException: Could not execute build using Gradle distribution ' In quoted you've changed gradle version (gradleWrapperVersion) which was set to 2.9 for Grails 3.1.6 projects: Change it to defualt value and clean&amp;build.
Be sure to join their Beer Club, and definitely check out the annual Oktoberfest.
It seemed to work much better than having customers pick up their order.
Any solution to access element content at expiration time?
Unfortunately, it is difficult to adjust the size of the element if you want to keep the aspect ratio and fill out all the available space.
The portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic I just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered.
I liked how the buffalo chicken dip was served in a martini glass - it was good but nothing special.
I am working on a school comparing website.
Unfortunately, this fact shines through when asking my questions about my car (\""oh the year of my car?...um...I..uh...don't know off the top of my head\"", \""was my temperature gauge high?
What the instructor means by "handle to its definition" is just another way of saying "the function that acts as a constructor for the class".
Does anyone know if this option has been removed from more recent express editions, and if not where I can find the appropriate menu item or settings to be able to run and view the results of code analysis.
The second is that, at typical MTU scales, it's almost impossible to design an uncompressed, binary protocol that's more space efficient than a simpler protocol that is tunneled using general purpose compression.
I got the chicken in lemon sauce with grilled artichokes which came with creamy polenta and a veggie (it happened to be cauliflower on that day)- not only was the food fantastic, but it was enough for me to eat two fulls meals.
So right now, I have these 3 separate methods.
I usu sally get the salad (with chips and lettuce).
How can I test an NSString for being nil?
Common Ground is packed with anything you might need- from toilet paper, to pet food, an impressive bulk selection (bulk nut butter can be good if you are an addict!....just buy a few servings at a time), fresh produce, baked items, and grocery, to name a small chunk.
Though the game was horrible, the bar was great!
Also, I want to be able to get all Products and their associated Tags (or a filtered list of Products).
With IE10 ( ) it seems, that HTA properties are ignored totally, even doesn't work.
I wish no one else to service my clocks in the future!
I have dined at Soba more times than any other restaurant in Pittsburgh; it is my favorite!
Maybe not so much in terms of the venue but the talent was superb.
If you want to test this method, you may .
When you walk in, you feel like you're walking in to someone's home kitchen.
Our entire table wish we ordered more of it!
The rooms were spotless and the housekeeping service was just great.
Xamarin.Forms has support for WinRT and that's how it can be deployed to Windows 8/8.1.
It also returns a string, but any parameters can be used here.
and check their json response and coross check ur parameter which U have passed with server script's parameters..
The bed was to die for.
JS Markup The output from the console is: 0 false 1 false 2 false 3 false 4 true so you should (in theory) be able to rely on the last repeat element being created last.
The plan is for me to learn parsing and unparsing before I write a translator to output C++.
Plus I liked the open layout of the place.
It has been many, many, many years since I have even set foot in JCP.
What does this piece of Perl code do in laymans terms?
While it is worn from usage and the locker rooms aren't the greatest, I like having access to a long course pool.
What’s going on and how can I fix it?
The staff are great and I had a very wonderful experience.
We are headed there again tonight for our second trip in the past three weeks.
Can you break the app into 2 separate web applications that run from the same root directory?
Try to write simple programs first.
The food and service is consistently good.
We started with the fresh squeezed orange juice!
Instead, admire the sliced sushi serving as you lay it flat and be amazed at the color and textures of the ingredients.
What could be going wrong here?
I want to be hidden when video is playing &amp; to show when video is .
A set by definition doesn't contain any duplicates.
And hard to find matchstick incense.
change the trigger element to button.
And that provides for the most enjoyable dancing experience I've had in Charlotte.\n\nEveryone looks ridiculous when they dance to 80's music.
A statement, while legal should be used sparingly.
My boyfriend has been wanting to bring me here for a while so I was very excited to give this place a try.\n\nThe grocery part of the store has a great selection of Caribbean food, seasonings and drinks.
Then it uses to remove the first item from the Array, and assign it to .
Get rid of that new at the beginning.
The noise is adequate and seating can be a little tight at certain times, i.e.
I'm running Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite) and Xcode 6.
Got a pedicure here today and it was a good experience.
Most of the selections have an Asian fusion, which isn't bad but I might have liked to seen a little more flavor diversity.
List of possible elements expected: 'left-bracket'
They also have decent bathrooms and plenty of room at the bar.\n\nThe stage is a little small but on par for the venue.
Android How to package as API I am working on providing SDK support for another apps by opening my app UI elements into another app.
It has about 10-15 distinct clients that appear multiple times in the column.
However the chopped salad was excellent, so all is not dismal at Soba.\n\nI could go on but you get the idea.
With functions , it's already easy and we don't have to invent anything.
I am using a lot and can tell that event is definitely ran in UI thread.
In isolation they may be, but moving data between a float register and an int register is shockingly slow on modern processors .
I've just tried running: and no dice.
But you can't post a score.
\n\nService can be a tad slow but hit or miss.\n\nThey also do breakfast and its a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.\n\nTry the shakes, they're great.
You are in a full-service grocery store that caters to all income levels.
I've lived in Pittsburgh for 20 years and JUST discovered St.
How to mock up Blog and Post when one Blog contains many Posts Say we have I want to seed data for and in unit test.
I usually pick up their buns at outpost in Milwaukee and I've been a fan.
Sparc: 512 Solaris x86: 320 (was 256 prior in 5.0 and earlier) (update: According to this page , the size of the main thread stack comes from the ulimit.
You can eat breakfast out there if the weather is nice.
Corona SDK with Graphic 2.0 position not working I have upgraded my Corona SDK version to 2013.2076 (with Graphic 2.0).
Not so cozy beds during the winter.
Out of context however, as they are now being used, they do more harm than good.
You'll find everything from single stem flowers to create your own arrangements to paper m\u00e2ch\u00e9 dog heads for decoration.
There are plenty of TVs all around the bar and dining area - after all it is Pittsburgh!
I'm so happy someone finally took the time to actually give my hair a good look and tell me what it needed.
Is there anyway to work around that,without involving installing system packages (I can pip install if needed).
Great meals all around, we will be back!
I need to add to the time column the CURDATE(), and compare with the datetime column.
The IListSource interface, such as the DataTable and DataSet classes.
if city it null then ignore filter/fetch all and if status is null then ignore filter/fetch all The code above works, but curious about alternatives
Django ModelForm with prefix I have a template with 2 forms.
It is located in a charming uptown Charlotte neighborhood, near a library and several museums.
See the example script included with Inno for an example of the usage; it's fairly straightforward.
In "AbstractClass" there's the public method "AbstractClass::Cancel()".
I think the program think the first argument is the view i am tying to set.
I HAD TO GO HOME HALF BLONDE HALF BRUNETTE.
parallel c++ join in .net 1.1 I'm trying to spawn and then join two threads using MS VS 6.0 (2003), MS .NET Framework 1.1.
I always bring friends and they love it as well.
Lasso is an interpreted programming language with PHP-like syntax, and a commercial server geared towards database-driven web applications.
I will definitely get tit again!
3) Why does it stop at 330-ish iterations?
Once again the food is great, and atmosphere is awesome!
Then I almost always get the caesar salad and chicken parm.
But I couldn't find any reference to this method in new Asp.Net core RC2 assemblies and packages.
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
What would be proper way of doing this?
\n\nThe restaurant is on the small side, however when my husband and I had an early dinner there, we shared the space with a large group.
Here's my source code: The outcome is this: Myanmar map with borderline syndrom Looks like a bug in the vectors for the country borders.
But if the goal is to match intents/actions inside your application (with associated topics) you have another solution.
Can't make out what is missing.
My girl and I both split some wings and got the Field of Greens salad.
Keep in mind that this approach is inefficient because it requires two trip to the database.
Moreover, it works on both CRM 2013 and CRM 2015
I think that I might have just gotten a bad scoop, because my friend who had it really liked his.
By default the HashPartitioner is used.
Lack of a mood or beat in the place.
Unfortunately, that's does not change anything in me most common cases.
Does having Drupal modules installed but not enabled have any effect on the performance of a Drupal site?
PaidMember table orderNumber - eventID - memberID 1 - 1 - 2 1 - 1 - 3 ..
However, it does mean that you have to call ahead for an appointment and you may not get your car in on the same day.
After ~90% of the data successfully transferred, the bucket wouldn't accept any more date.
Every is cleaned exceptionally well at a great price and pretty quickly too.
I suppose you are encountering what is called platform default encoding.
None of the possible strings I can enter for run_at really cater for this.
Looking around I could see this would be a great date place if you were looking to make an impression.
(Though that may change since I'm planning to go back to him later to try more styles!) I wanted a cut that was both feminine and fierce and he nailed it.
The cause was I'm using the Spring Java Config for Spring Security using the DSL.
Disposable plates and cups don't make much for ambiance, but most inexpensive but authentic Chinese places focus on the food and not the decor.\n\nI deliberated on whether to give them three or four stars, but ultimately I've going with four because I did really enjoy the food I had, and the service was very good.
If you need to iterate over the array and over each object (if you do not know the length), then you can do: or
I decided to try Sports Clips this week as I am tired of receiving mediocre haircuts for $35 or more.
The people running the upgrade project have assembled a list of applications that need to be installed on every machine, and myself and my colleagues are being tasked with testing all these apps in the new OS.
This will work: You could as well use the charactergroup which usually is pretty much equivalent to but that might contain several characters (ASCII &lt;> UTF) you might not want to have.
The only thing I'm sad about at this store is the fact that I have an iPad instead of a nook for reading because then I'd have an excuse to flirt with the cute guy at the nook customer service station.
They have an outdoor patio that is nice in the evening and on days that aren't too humid.
Based on the clientele and set up, I'd lean towards trendy attire if you come here- not a casual place by any means.
Park Terrace is a great 6 screen located in Dilworth.
Because if your doing some analysis on the image, then you need to do this fast.
CoreData (storing new object) in AppDelegate = SIGABRT I've intented to make a simple function in AppDelegate to store some data in database (CoreData) which would be called from various classes connected do .
We loved the staff, the convenient location, and would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family!
It will dump out the table you want direct to a CSV file suffixed with .dsql.
The Barbera d' Asti they have by the glass is excellent!
We would be so happy if we could get Chinese food the caliber of Great Wall!
Giant quantities for prices a bit on the high side, but not too bad considering how much you get.
The soft, sticky rice didn't overwhelm the crunchy asparagus, earthy 'shroom, and slightly-sweet tamago; the ponzu dip was a pleasantly sour foil.
More of a stab in the dark.
My request time goes from ~0.125 sec to ~0.001 sec.
\n\nThe stay at the hotel was wonderful and the event was great.
There is no canonical mechanism in Ember to store and retrieve the current user.
I found the followin exsample on ibm sites: notice the syntax: table (cvsample.salesfunc(time.timeid, store.storeid)) as t1 so you prob dont need fields and 'as' you still need '*' and the 'FROM' so
Now throw back some saki and order another course.
If you are looking for a really good hot dog I say give them a try and if you know of a better place let me know!
My dad's featured dish was delicious.
My boyfriend had been wearing glasses taped together on the sides for oh, about 9 months now, so I decided to make him an appointment for new specs.
Add at the top of your bind.
I think the 1st answer is the best though you can use images in borders now, try using a png image with transparency (via photoshop) use the border-image property, there's so many ways to use it you may find another style you prefer in the research.
Instead, why not eliminate as an argument: Now simply running will assign by reference to with no copies necessary.
I went here last night for the first time to celebrate two friend's birthdays.
The espresso is, bar none, the best I've had - including my admittedly limited travels in Italy.
Shop accordingly.\n\nThe growler filling station needs help.
What a great experience from this perspective!
In a debug mode, I can see: How can I run this clock works all the time?
Basically, I want something like this: Can you please help me with this, as my experience with jquery or plugins is really limited.
That's just icing on the cake.
If I'm not mistaken then wrapping your text in the element is not the same as setting a larger .
There's also ways to load the top 2 users by position (or 35) then to a query on the /users/position sort by position and then queryLimitedToFirst(2) will return user_id_2 and user_id_0.
This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
\n\nI hope to find myself in Charlotte again on future flights.
If you need anything more complex you would need to implement that yourself.
Try archiving old data to another table based on datetime.
Don't let the outside fool you!
It was such an exciting atmosphere.
I don't know that I've ever been so impressed with the layout and thoroughness of a museum.
The owner (I think his name is Rex or Max?
It's located inside of the City Center Marriott so I was very aware that the food may be uninspiring and generic.
Set mouse cursor as hand on textInput without losing text selection I want to have the mouse cursor to be changed to hand when used for entering the .
On this evening, the casual atmosphere happened to be unexpectedly subdued, quite unlike the other BBQ restaurants I've visited.
I think you should consider using Events and Delegates to handle the communication between forms and subforms.
If you live in Pittsburgh, you may understand how contentious the issue of \""favorite local Thai restaurants\"" is.\n\nSo, I'll begin this review w/ my personal bias: Thai Cuisine is our go-to Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.
But a language agnostic solution is great as well.
Meat is from the Jennifer Street Market - Right around the corner.
You need to unbind your first instance.
Java Runtime: Oracle Corporation 1.8.0_45 /usr/lib/jvm/java-8-oracle/jre Heap sizes: current=502784k free=492256k max=502784k JVM args: -Xms512M -Xmx512M -Dorg.apache.activemq.UseDedicatedTaskRunner=true -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote -Djava.io.tmpdir=/var/lib/activemq/tmp -Dactivemq.classpath=/var/lib/activemq/conf; -Dactivemq.home=/usr/share/activemq -Dactivemq.base=/var/lib/activemq/ -Dactivemq.conf=/var/lib/activemq/conf -Dactivemq.data=/var/lib/activemq/data ACTIVEMQ_HOME: /usr/share/activemq ACTIVEMQ_BASE: /var/lib/activemq ACTIVEMQ_CONF: /var/lib/activemq/conf ACTIVEMQ_DATA: /var/lib/activemq/data Loading message broker from: xbean:activemq.xml log4j:WARN No appenders could be found for logger (org.apache.activemq.xbean.XBeanBrokerFactory).
Using what you posted, it works fine for me, it produces the red "!" above the textbox.
They also have a selection of desserts and other foods.
Would probably go for hot sauce next time since mild was not spicy at all.
I would go with a regex.
They were breaded and featured a mild white cheese; they were cooked perfectly.\n\nFish arrived within minutes, and it was well worth the wait.
Say you have an method that calls another method .
Rev1 represents the bytes of a document that has 1 digital signature.
The only way is to use custom firmware like SamyGo ( About the "background process"...
The temperature was within normal limits (neither too hot or too cold).\nThe restrooms are spacious with automated everything.\nPerhaps my next visit will be to see the Charlotte Ballet itself!
Please try following, Install Microsoft Access Database Engine.exe.
The createPolygon function needs to return the resulting polygon to GeoXml3 so it can manage it.
You forgot the closing for the element:
A croissant was also included but I asked for fruit instead and was rewarded with a small side of grapes, canteloupe and strawberries.
Note: Pleae make sure your file load after the admin lte css files.
Note that if you're using the support library you must call it to that like so: It's unaffected by the windowContentOverlay style item, so no changes to styles are required
Huge pieces of fish that were of decent quality.
The dinner portions are always better, from the amount of food you get to even the size of the shrimp.
The sub bread is so good and the crinkle fries are awesome too.
Allocate enough memory upfront to handle octree of a given depth.
I am following the docs re: how to block on a result Is a scala.concurrent.Future not by definition Awaitable?
\n\nThe staff is always well trained.
\n\nI'm nowhere near being a pro or even an enthusiast of rock climbing, but Inner Peaks makes it amazing.
My fiance and I are new to Charlotte so this was our first try at true Southern style soul food.
\n\nThe salon offers complimentary mimosa's which in hindsight I wish I had indulged in one, but I passed.
Tasty desserts, but nothing to write home about.
How to pick out/trim part of a string using Shell I am trying to trim this, which is stored in a variable called $line.
It was just before 10pm when our cab finally arrived.
The code I'm using is this: Note: I also get this error trying to add information.
Since this shortcut is mapped in both VS and Resharper, you will be presented with the "Shortcut Conflict"-window.
If it finds a new type of file it should make a folder for that file type.
The hotel has been renovated recently.
Public about why these birds die needlessly every day.
The first week of the new year is missing.
The factory method returns the sole instance but could easily be modified to return, say, a unique instance for each thread that invokes it.
This static example table Pls look jsfiddle .
It definitely is busy (which is a good sign) but can be difficult to find a comfortable seat.
In a form I want after pressing the Save button two things: 1 - Validate the data entered.
In order to reduce the overhead, you traditionally use arrays .
Disclaimer: I wrote the MIDI export code in Sibelius 6...
Input field: Blur handler The line causing the problem is the angular.copy one.
This is the same idea as @Havenard's answer, but writing spaces over the zeros instead of cutting the string.
Here is what I've come up with but and I'm not sure it will work.
I shop in the strip all the time.
\n\nI wish I had found this place sooner.
I could eat breakfast or lunch here everyday!
We have both been to Tram's before but it has been awhile since our last visit.
I wouldn't do it again, mind you, but in retrospect, it was worth it.
We did four trails in about 2 hours and saw turtles, fish, birds of all kind!
Here's one more article doing a detailed comparison between Wowza and AMS
Project Euler isn't fond of discussing problems on public forums like StackOverflow.
For your example: web.config would contain: Under the publish settings right-click project, select publish..., go to settings->databases.
Great open space, very clean, no chemical stinks, lockers for your purse, coffee/tea/water, tons of magazines, and a phenomenal view of East Liberty.
I would venture to say this is better than the market district.
My boyfriend and I made a trip to Wisconsin Dells for my birthday and stopped here on the way back to Chicago to get some cheese.
It's absolutely everything I wasn't expecting because I never hear good things about this place or no one just erally talks about it.
If so, even if there are other processes contending for the network and/or other resources, why doesn't Windows ever seem to catch up - to rise in latency when contention occurs, but return to normal latency levels after the contention stops?
Bed frame was metal so it was outdated a little.
They are not flexible on the food and beverage minimums, but if your party is big enough (I had about 50) they will throw in a complimentary room and may even waive the fee for the coat check girl.
I got the Salsa Burger subbed with a turkey burger and it was delicious.
The restaurant is absolutely packed this morning.
I started using the built in RichTextBox with Silverlight 4 but the only problem I came across is the issue with saving UI elements such as images or tables and for what this is used for this can be a "show stopper" for me.
I suggest subclassing UIView and overriding drawRect to draw a gradient.
Then, the line you have identified can be split in 2 parts: The variable keeps track of the position of the string you have reached while reading it; is used for writing.
This is not the recursive solution you were looking for, but an explicit one is generally faster and easier to read and debug anyway.
Try launching the Firefox driver with an existing profile .
I was probably least underwhelmed by this last dish.
(Don't wonder: I stripped off my class declarations to the bare minimum, so the content will not make much sense, but you will see the problem quicker).
This bar is more of an older crowd but they do serve drinks the way I usually make mine.
\n\nWe really enjoyed working with the staff, Rebecca and David, and loved this venue's uptown location.
Ohh, the glorious cheese!\n\nThere were regal mountains of ricotta...
I recommend the short rib ravioli!
From what I learned about nuoc cham, every Vietnamese family has their own twist on it.
Everyone one from Jason at the front desk, to Katherine the stylist's assistant, to Richard the stylist were sweet, attentive, and professional!
I have a singleton class holding my main data model which all activities access to get data.
A converter based of Jackson will be automatically registered.
Getting Plus.PeopleApi.getCurrentPerson(mGoogleApiClient) null value This is onConnected method : BuildGooglePlus API in oncreate onClick Getting continuously null person value...
While loop for converting Celsius to Fahrenheit Java I have a problem with this program.
Can someone help me with what am I missing out?
This is just a Java question really as I often wonder about this with Applets also, i.e.
From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh.
It does get pretty crowded sometimes, especially on Friday nights.
Once you go back to the default, all the others fade back in.
Overall this was a great experience and will be my destination when I want some great, spicy Cajun cuisine.
EDIT: If I've omitted any critical information, I apologize - just let me know and I can clarify.
\n\nThe waitress was a very pretty 'woman' as opposed to the usual college student, and was extremely nice and helpful.
This script scales well since the memory footprint is very low, logs files are never loaded in memory.
If I understood correctly, you need something like this: this is assuming your Menu_ID column is numeric.
Which you may need to do since the terminals are unfortunately spread out, and there's no way between but by foot.
I guess if your set of characters is large you may be better off using a ...
You'd need to download JSTL separately and drop it in folder.
The toppings are not cooked, the cheese melts a bit but not all the way and the peperoni is lukewarm at best.
Sadly when I got to the bottom of my wing baskey ( because I ate all of them), my very last wing had a rather large feather still attached.
Good and cheap by definition assumes that deadlines are going to be missed (Blizzard, makers of World Of Warcraft are good example of this approach) And finally cheap and fast usually means cutting features and releasing with bugs.
From what I read no if part of same process.
How can I get my to use the default browser (or wherever the user came from to begin with) instead of calling my app again?
You usually want 2 or 3 nested for loops running on the GPU with at least a 1000 threads.
The executive lounge is great and I hope to get upgraded next time I stay!
This is pure 50's and 60's style that isn't forced.
With unsigned-preserving semantics, the operands would be promoted to , and this problem would not occur.)
It's more than enough food for 2 and only costed 9 bucks.
Here, I cannot submit any comment if banned or not, Page refresh if I try to submit.
Without reading all to much of your stuff, Don't have access for a python interpreter at the moment but something along the lines of this should work.
The best (and basically the only) place to go for Halloween in Champaign.
That why compiler report an error when you try to declare it as public.
Tim (Walter is his last name) and the rest of his staff are friendly, honest, professional, and reliable.
On most nights, it's pretty mellow here, so it's a great place to chat and drink, or even watch or discuss the game on TV.
And the shower curtain was so thick and heavy that it kept touching me.
I want to know whether this one creates cookies for desired longer periods rather than I close the browser and everything is gone.
For me, it was the best balance of quality and cost that I found after trying half a dozen different stylists while in school.
Getting warning from C math library's pow function I have the following function in my code: At compile time I get the following warning: I'm at a loss for what is causing this...
So you have to increase this limit to upload more than 20 files.
\nSo, if you're stuck in North Carolina with a long layover you can have a great meal, do some shopping, and then cuddle up in one of the rocking chairs and just enjoy yourself before you get on your plane.
Service was prompt, portion sizes are ridiculously big and the food was tasty.
This Merry Ann's isn't nearly as pretty as its newer sister location, but the food is the same.
Is it any way to accomplish that?
Here is my process: create user provided service bind this service restage then on the papertrail nothing happens: You can try it out.
Autofac will also cleanup the Disposable instances at the end of each request.
the place is popular and its regulars are very much so.
I've fed employees countless times over the years and this never happened to me before.
(The subscript i indicates the i-th input or weight.) A set of inputs, xi.
At that point it's just kind of pointless.
But Goldberg looking fellow that brought out pizza and desserts was hauling ass.
No img-responsive in Bootstrap 4 I just downloaded the source code for Bootstrap 4 alpha 2 and can't find the class in it.
:) \nOverall, a great restaurant and I cannot wait to come back try their DOC pizza- it looked superb.
Here is the code of register.tpl file.
You need to use some semicolons.
You can find more information on Wikipedia page for Routing Tables .
It was not busy when we asked for our car and it easily took 15-20 minutes.\n\noverall a nice Thanksgiving afternoon.
I'm not too familiar with the specifics of VBA, though.
When implementing an interface, you have to return the type specified by the interface.
they also send great coupons via mail/email!
1) You're already selecting a DB.
then when I did a clear and had it generate a new msg the service code did not execute.
I am totally new to Ada and also how to compile 2 files.
said, which includes the staples, such as hummos with a delicious puddle of olive oil, crispy falafel, Greek salad chock full of feta, overstuffed dolmades, tabbouleh & baklava (not homemade, w/ pistachios).
A lot of new programmers are still working at a very low level of abstraction, learning the trade.
How to track time taken for each goal in a Maven build?
getItemId function returns huge numbers - action bar buttons I am trying to add submenus , I created xml: in mainactivity.java: it shows me numbers like 2131034200......
If you wont get data for today still it will display the row.
The gyro is good and they are very, very generous on the yummy fresh cut fries.
Technically they are both different versions of bcrypt or crypt-blowfish in php the prefix is $2y$10$ in python the prefix is $2b$11$ This means the cost factors are slightly different 10 vs 11 respectively in your update you have fixed the cost factors to both be 11 The other part of the prefix indicates php is using the CRYPT_BLOWFISH hashing where python is using bcrypt which is based on the Blowfish cipher.
You can prevent it by setting rule for semester_id as follows
I had a very good Filet here once though!
It's so cute inside and so French.
You can add needful system qml-files to your project and edit it.
Try following the manual, it's working great for me:
The Navigation call then would look as follows: UPDATE: One possible approach for setting the scoped RegionManager into the child ViewModel would be by using a Shared Service and get the scoped RegionManager from there.
but should be easy to fork and extend to your needs too.
Exporting a default equivalent to: Old Answer : This export notation does not supported in ES6 (look at supported examples in the specification ), but it can be supported in ES7 (look at this proposal ).
Even for this simple example, you should implement more than one Lowercase classes, so that you could also cater for circumstances that the CulutureInfo must be taken into consideration.
They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten, soy, eggs, dairy, nuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, amd corn.
I have log files of customer interactions with an API.
The wait has never been that long.
Any lay over at this point is a drag.
Java + Hibernate: Using a Formula on an embedded class Can I use the annotation on an embedded class which maps the resultset of the query in the formula?
This is supported in .NET 4.0 but not earlier.
I wanna change the background color of RectangleShape in a C# WinForm !!!
Showed up for a tour, but they had already finished for the day.
In a few minutes we had our wine, then in a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving.
The staff is friendly and you'll often see Mr.
Doesn't get much fresher than that.
The garlic mashed potatoes tasted just like the ones I usually make at home, which are pretttty darn amazing- if I should say so myself.\n\nOne downfall was that there is a $4.00 plate splitting fee (BOOOOO!).
This is still problematic as a sproc can't create and return a temp table since the table would be dropped when the sproc exits.
This was an impressive way to start out the meal.
My meal started with a cream of tomato soup, that was much thicker than I had anticipated, but still very tasty.
I would also ensure you use caching wherever popular to avoid the overhead of many datasources.
Most of all, the space was decorated with lots of personal touches, making it warm and welcoming.
You can achieve this by specifying things you want to show on card in and then define function, I thing will be a collection of child stories, so you can loop that depending upon the value
will compile them and copy them to local repository.
Get latest version @ ahkscript.org Added a check for "ы" in the code below: Make sure to Encode your with script UTF-8 (not UTF-8 without BOM) Edit: Okay I think I found an Answer that doesn't require you to Add "ы" but instead relies on SC codes produced by the Keyboard, meaning it's Layout independent.
Combinacion!\nThis place is the shit for real.\nWhere's the Patron at???\n\n(b)
They sell anything from horse-bits, saddles, tires, carburetors, Red Rider BB guns, boots, bikes, sledgehammers, chainsaws, any carpentry or automotive tool, heavy bags, horse food, mudflaps with stripper silhouettes, stereo equip...etc...etc...
But I needed a way to have the user select this object by id using a normal UIButton so I added it as a subview and the click event works as expected.
I have been going here a long time.
Good service and tasty food (I had an apple Belgian waffle with Turkey bacon).
My preferred place to eat Chinese on campus.
Ginny may possibly be the best cook around!
I also was surprised at how quickly the order was delivered.
You can use to stop the animation clearQueue() : Stop the remaining functions in the queue jsFiddle here HTML CSS jQuery
Choose a textbox or other object outside the collected scope and a user can be presented with the option to collapse or expand on default.
Oh, beware that if you go on the weekends this place is packed- I could barely get to the bar to get my to go order.
try And you should definitely use or as a type for your column.
Sometimes the function takes hours to run.
It's part of Buddy the Elf's food groups, so I'm allowed right?
So you only need to change the references within your class to .
For example, when I input the number '3', you can't determine if I meant 3 days or 3 months.
They also offer gyros, wings, salads, calzones, wedgies, hoagies, pastas, traditional, white and gourmet pizzas.
So will output 01:02 The setfill('0') means any padding will be done with '0'; the setw(2) means the single next thing output will be padded to 2 chars.
There were plenty of lifeguards around, and a group practicing scuba diving on one side.
Recent updates have been made as far as tv's, games, sound system, etc., so if you haven't been in a while to catch a game or hear some music (the old juke box was circa 1970's) you might give it another shot.
Note that passing values that are "falsy" can be problematic with this kind of code...
If I need another layover, I'm booking it through CLT!
Adding OverlayItems to MapView is reallyslow, how to make it faster?
Not sure why people are wanting a new stadium since this one is already good - we'll have another Hornets/Bobcats scenario with our tax dollars hard at work.
While in Madison for a ski trip, I tapped into the almighty resource that is Yelp to find some unique eats.
Other than the 'ground overlay' option within the google maps API documentation, I've got no leads left.
\n\nAlso, it's worth mentioning they hace really good hand cut fries- not those mushy frozen crap sticks- and GREAT fresh homemade potato chips.
The pad Thai is very good, with a slight smoky flavor that keeps you coming back for more.
But when I try and put it into the MS SQL SERVER varbinary field again it is getting truncated.
Needless to say, as soon as the server has been running for a number of days or is under load the aforementioned errors are generated.
\nThere is a lot construction going on around the parking areas so I will say that parking at this airport (despite being extremely cheap) can be a huuuuge pain in the butt.
I cannot wait to visit this place again.
When you do the return it never does this Change the order of the lines like this.
Permissive licensing such as LGPL or BSD or such.
I've fixed this problem by reinstall ruby.
I need this program so I can find which files have been renamed or deleted and so on.
All the patrons here are American, so this isn't the Asian place where the Asians eat.
First I want to say I LOVE coffee & I don't even understand the people writing reviews on here that DON'T drink or like coffee!!!!
My theory on why the incorrect reference to the icon file was causing a problem was that when no icons were rendered on the Dynatree object, Chrome did not insert any "pixel address" on which to click.
You can also comment a block with =begin and =end like this:
Just added double-click DFP ads to a friend's site.
JSF Navigation using h:SelectOneMenu Morning everyone, I have a question in regards to JSF navigation and using for navigation.
They chose a very romantic table setting and the service was terrific.
Generous portions of drink beverages and inflight snacks
This is my favorite place to get my hair cut in all of C-U.
For instance, while a real world training set might be something like: And an algorithm can come up randomly with a tree1 like: And a tree2 like: However, my training set wouldn't have the gaps where randomness occurs.
The bride and groom were very pleased and the guests had a great time.
You will always have to test.
Folks, I'd have to disagree with another Yelper when they say that nori goes on the outside.
Alas, the fish is unreal and the beer selection rivals many (if not most) of Madison's finest.\n\nDetailed Review:\nThe Fish Fry Fanatics stumbled into Dexter's Pub this past Friday and decided to give their fish fry a shot.
Sometimes a minimal cover for the music.
Android Maps API Key Issues I am having a weird problem with a simple map application I am trying to write (API 2.2).
If you don't know, now you know ;)
The prices are comparable to other shops.
\nI always stop at the body shop!
if i want to lets say make an array of students: Can i access that normally like ?
You can really tell they all absolutely love animals.
Do I need to identify which thread is current on controller and based on that value to call view: or do you recommend something else ?
I also appreciated that they kept the bread coming, especially for the next course: a homemade pasta with pancetta, arugula and
They all give their correct sections.
Given that the smallest non-static LOH objects were 85K, that would represent at most a 5% loss of useful space, but would reduce the number of different-sized objects and gaps.
Silky's balances the line between trendy, divy, and sporty all at once and actually pulls it off.
And they're not shy about size.
The store does take credit card, so that's a great modern convenience.
The one negative I'd point out is that the layout is rather obtuse and cramped.
Everyone at MCN are really nice and friendly.
All I can say is YUMMM!!!
They're combining two dishes to make you happy after all.
Here's a demo on Plunker: To reproduce: Click the button at the right side of the navbar which will take you to a different state.
I'd like to retrieve the most frequent tasks that have happened in a salesforce application and display them within a Drupal application.
It's better that way, trust me!
So far, this is working fine.
I got introduced to this place by my co-worker...
a little bit of everything for home.
Interior is great, looks like an authentic pub.
All of them came out hot and super crispy and just darn good greasy delicious.
How can you clear the input of the pasted content?
I also had the wrong understanding of , the returned value was an object, not the values of the property.
Next are hibachi noodles (spaghetti with an oil and garlic ?
They fixed it quickly and put on 2 new tires, taking the time to explain my options and not at all pushing for the top of the line.\n\nAs good as it gets!!
Edit: As python 2.6 doesn't support multiple context managers on single line:
The first one is a button to save all data in a form: The second one is to complete a submission: When I click the complete submission button, I want the code to first run the save button function and then run the post submit function.
The ginger fried rice made up for any disappointment I had with the tuna.
I was staying at the Wingate Hotel nearby on a layover and these guys really made my night by delivering a tasty dinner with a smile.
I can connect using it but when I try to get the user with php it says some error like this: Uncaught OAuthException: Error validating application.
Came to Gardenia cause it was close to airport and rental car company.
Multiple socket connections I have multiple devices connected to a TCP/Ip port and i want to read all these devices through sockets in .Net how can i do this before this i had a single device connected and it was working fine but now i have multiple devices can anybody help me in listening multiple socket connection?
Just remove the line in addTextView() method.
If you're at the sushi bar, you're in and out with a wholesome meal within half an hour which is great when you're travelling for work and need a quick meal
\n\nBesides the taste, the food isn't that expensive for an Indian restaurant standard.
This allow the database to be swapped for another one but the user code remains the same.
Not even a mention of this capability from a technical / developer perspective.
Excellent quality, personal attention, and I love that this is a local family business, not a chain or corporation.
You should be checking the query to ensure it is actually successful before you try and fetch results as such.
I tried reproducing this in a simple jsbin demo to no avail.
Really no terrible views here.\n\nMy only downgrade here is for the weekend crowds that flock into this hotel.
-- The answer here is exactly what I want to do, I just don't understand how to translate the decompiled code to C#.
That is why I really want to stay in a Lexus forever.
My car will always go to Molnar's for service.
I recommend you try Toby's if you are not in a hurry.
I don't think you can do it from the app level itself, since the push notifications that go to an app are controlled at the OS level (so push notifications for the app, but regardless of what for) However, you can setup tags (or something) on your server so then the app enables/disabled the server to send notifications for a specific topic.
There's even a baby grand piano just inside the front doors.\n\nWe did not order from the menu, as I said, we went to try the lunch buffet and I have to say, we were impressed.\n\nIt is not a large buffet, quite small in fact, but ample for only $7.95.
Seriously there was a whole claw that was still in tact.
In July 2013, I was staying at the Country Inn down the street, and figured I'd walk to dinner in the area.
Lebanon variety.\n\nThe vegetable wrap is phenomenal, the burgers are great, and the \""Codfather\"" gigantic fish sandwich is simply amazing, the best outside of Wholey's.
If this place could be described in four words, they would be:\n\nAngry, Sweaty, Dive-y, and DELICIOUS\n\nThis place is a Pittsburgh classic.
I know you specifically asked for regex, but you don't really need regex for this.
Dynamic Dropdown menu - PHP First of all, I am new to mysqli and prepare statements so please let me know if you see any error.
If you like potatoes be sure to ask for extra crispy.
These are of fairly average quality -- though I have heard some of my friends comment that they particularly like the fajitas.
I've been meaning to try Umi for what seems like forever, since I am a huge fan of Soba downstairs.
Use instead of Javascript should end up being:
\n\nMy husband had the seared rare tuna - sesame crust, korean bbq, kim chi, cucumber-red onion salad, ginger fried rice and peanuts ($34) which he loved.
One of the indirect Superclass of MainActivity defines a default layout that get inflated when you call .
Everything tastes good, though I've definitely had better middle eastern food before.
According to the stacktrace, angular didn't found the module .
Seriously, that place has so many red-eyed, foaming-at-the-mouth people stumbling around it looks like George Romero is filming again.
Best, Seán Channel Support Realex Payments
To make it work as SASS, you need to get rid of curly braces, semi-colons and add some spaces.
They have lots of vintage photos hanging on the wall.
If you look at Pascal's triangle as a matrix, and you want to find the complexity of building that matrix up to size , then the big-oh of that will be .
Searching and capturing a character using regular expressions Python While going through one of the problems in Python Challenge , I am trying to solve it as follows: Read the input in a text file with characters as follows: What I need is to go through this text file and pick all lower case letters that are enclosed by only three upper-case letters on each side.
I like trader Joe's better, I like whole foods better, but this place had stuff I use that the other don't.\n\nNice produce section, items seemed fresh, and plentiful.
Also great to eat the ethnic food in the evening when available.
If you apply this to people, the alias is a nickname.
I am currently using Tweepy's stream in order to fetch tweets.
In my example, I didn't create the whole circle, but it should be enough to get you going on the right track.
It pays to use them because you can pick your own vehicle style at no extra charge.
Something like: To be run in Terminal like so: Instead every time I reload ~/.zshrc ( ) or open a new Terminal window I see it loop through my alias dozens of times.
And an activity must be declared in android manifest.
The number of tables is a reflection of the complexity (or not) of the application.
Your h2(id="block-bens-main-menu-menu") tag has by default margin-top &amp; margin-botom values which is actually creating the space.
The bathrooms here are a little small compared to the newer locations that I have stayed at, but they are still a decent size.
Unexpected error running stored oracle PL/SQL proceedure The database I am accessing has a whole API of stored procedures (several hundred) in several packages.
Thank goodness Urbana is a half-way point between where we live now and where my parents currently live.
Try something like You'll note the test for having visited the room before.
If you're there M-F between 12-1, you can find me in the salad/bread area (on the north end).
Most likely, the sequence of save and restore was incorrect.
I once saw BE suffix for Business Entity , SL for Service Locator and PB for Page Bean .
plot may be too much for plotting only one vector in 3-D.
I mean you return a text, it will automatically set the header in the response to : You have completely the hand if you want return another content type.
I have been coming to Max Allegheny Tavern since I was still in my mother's womb.
I'm pretty new to excel formulas.
The problem I'm having is all my text fields start off without text color, when i use the color dialog the colors change just fine, but are not saved.
In case you want to force the update in this case, you have to make a "deep copy" or encapsulate you current object into another one for the reference to change.
They offer a spice (heat) range from 1 to 5 (5 being the hottest).
From the first moment I entered Cosmos Cafe, I loved the modern feel of it.
I suggest getting it slathered in Green's homemade chili.\n\nThere is a parking lot next to the building.
Some secrets are best kept secret.
It's also unthinkable to leave them there permanently as they are because it drains CPU cycles for no good reasons and it can quickly bring the app to a crawl.
It had a bite, but wasn't too hot.
They have an excellent selection of Belgium beers....some of these I actually drank in Germany.\n\nCame here for lunch today with my husband.
I had a great meal with friends had drinks they had all we wanted!
Thank you :) If it is an anchor tag, you can simply use the attribute value of the clicked link.
There are three Bombay Cuisine's in town now, even though it doesn't currently say so on their website.\n\nYou can order an entree but why do that in these hard economic times when they have an amazing buffet that includes a soda fountain drink!
We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area.
The error arises when the MimeType class is called: I don't know what causing this error...
But if you know what you are looking for, or if you are just feeling adventurous and willing to make a few mistakes, this place is worth a look.
of Java does not offer a method to update priority and it seems that deletion is taking linear time since it does not store objects as keys, as does.
You can use Project Dependencies to adjust build order: In Solution Explorer, select a project.
we sat in the dining area and had someone waiting on us the entire time.
Update: Seems to have been a PHP 5 feature from the start.
The service can get bogged down at lunch but the staff will get you in and out.
You should be able to do this with mechanize .
I can't figure out the syntax for doing a concat of two fields in a collect.
My boyfriend and I each ordered a draft beer.
Don't expect fancy, but do expect a good lunch.
The Rachael was really good- the rye was marble which I prefer.
I add a header cell and a standard cell as the first column to achieve this.
Besides adb (android develop tool), you can use the qpython's FTP service ( You could find it in setting page ) or other FTP app to upload the project into your mobile.
I don't know how other reviewers compare Trams to Pho Minh.
Secondly, I don't know how to implement the center_loss in keras.
Anyone who has programmed with actionscript 3.0 has most certainly noticed its lack of support for private constructors and abstract classes.
the index.html page successfully renders at ng-view, but my navbar stays the same (initial state, no show the 'link visible by admin' link, nor the dropdown on the right.
Remove duplicate data from an array in python I have this array of data I remove the duplicate data with , which gives me But I would like to remove the duplicate data, based on the numbers before the "period"; for instance, if there is and , I want to keep one of them in my array.
I've probably been to Zapata's over 20 times, and even though I've have had a few not so tasty meals, the SERVICE has always been top-notch.
There are no C++ libraries for what you're trying to do (unless you're going to link with a half of Mozilla or WebKit), but you can consider using Java with HTMLUnit .
\n\nDessert was inventive, a lemon cake with a basil layer and poppyseed ice cream.
In Rails, you can organize controllers into folders and keep your structure nice with namespacing.
If this HTTPS server uses a certificate signed by a CA represented in the bundle, the certificate verification probably failed due to a problem with the certificate (it might be expired, or the name might not match the domain name in the URL).
A component cannot intercept props from its parent because it has no access to its parent, only to its children!
They both had plenty of leftovers.
Each of these possible colours would thus be a centroid.
I'm only commenting on the salon because that is all I went to during my stay at the hotel.
Distributing MSVCP90.dll When distributing CRT, you should understand that depending upon what CRT you have used the version number which is suffixed with the name of the CRT varies.
I never will go to County Market for my meat shopping again!
The wine, however, was overpriced for the quality.
They are at Specialty Shops on the Park, close to Bricktops restaurant and Williams Sonoma.
The Omni Charlotte is an immaculate luxury hotel that totally provides the Omni standard of service.
When I try to verify the generated code with ...the causes the error.
JBoss 7 and Camel 2.11 - BeanManager complaining about "non-portable behaviour" I'm using camel 2.11-SNAPSHOT in an ear which is running on JBoss AS 7.1.
php function: (I dont want change it, because I used it many more case) Ajax:
I've tried lots of gnocchi in my time, but not enough to say it's the best.
(Disclaimer: I have not tried that myself.)
\n\nLike the previous reviews have mentioned if you're looking for hot, fresh well seasoned soul food...this is your place!
Very inexpensive and I highly recommend it!
I found the rooms to a nice size, very clean and comfortable.
Or does it wait to allocate memory until a value actually is set?
My fiance didn't want to eat his, finish and wait for me to get mine but what else were we to do?
I am a fan of dim lighting, it's very calming and soothing.
My son is a big sweet tea fan and said it was really good.
(Now I've just got to find out why Firefox doesn't delete expired cookies!!
Topped off with a wild blueberry sauce.
I think they use a fair amount of yest to make it rise and stay light.
I decided to order the steak and cheese sub instead.
Parking is limited for the volume of weekend customers, so expect a hike.
Send Video over TCP using OpenCV and sockets in Raspberry Pi I have been trying to send live video frame from my client (Raspberry Pi) to a server hosted on Laptop.
Since I don't know what scripts the user has used, I can't foresee what cookies would be on the PC.
I have done the same swipe to delete functionality using MCSwipeTableCell For deleting a particular row from table with animation do this: For deleting from core data do this:
Do not expect a gourmet, extraordinary menu but it is serves normal American bar/restaurant food.
DWARF reading not complete types How can I read a non complete types in DWARF dumps?
However, this time I don't receive the second "unsupported URL scheme" message after the dialog closes : It seems that under the hood, R uses a library called RCurl to do some of it's HTTP/S interaction.
We retain the document ids of these folders.
Well SSL stands for Secure Socket Layer.
Last few trips I found myself in the beer side.
The result was items missing the Id (ActivityId).
I crave diversity of lagers and ales like a foodie craves weirdly named cheeses.
I'd just like to know the GUID of the PDB so I can be certain that it's mismatching and not just a PDB that's perhaps corrupted somehow.
I also read the following thread here on stackoverflow that was of no use to me: and I checked that tomcat really runs under user tomcat6 by creating an empty test project that simply runs "whoami".
You could try something like this: The trick is to set the width of same as : No versions of IE supports border-image.
\n\nThe only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars- it is inconsistent with their band bookings.
Consider using abstract classes if any of these statements apply to your situation: You want to share code among several closely related classes.
So my questions are: How do I improve performance of this code?
The sauces were plentyful and very different.
Briskly busy at lunchtime, relaxed at night, always comfortable.
In fact, so impressed that I'm not allowed home without a Prantl's box in my hand.\n\nThe burnt almond torte with vanilla icing is simply to die for.
Very simple, but somewhat weak in the garlic department.
It was hot and crowded and we wanted to strand away from the main event for a little and get a good slice of pizza for a good price.\n\nThe atmopshere is very \""dive-y pizza joint-y.\"" Nothing wrong with that because I come from the beliefs that the divey-er the better!
Bland broth, tough meat, I didn't get the Tram's hype.
In Python, a object is just a series of bytes.
I would have wanted to turn off indexes for most attributes anyways to save on storage cost.
the formulaire html and php/pdo can someone help me please I search from a week and the page post Notice: Undefined index: username in C:\Program Files\EasyPHP-DevServer-14.1VC9\data\localweb\test.php on line 17 Notice: Undefined index: password in C:\Program Files\EasyPHP-DevServer-14.1VC9\data\localweb\test.php on line 19 Notice: Undefined index: email in C:\Program Files\EasyPHP-DevServer-14.1VC9\data\localweb\test.php on line 21 and i don't find the problem in the code and please explaine i want to learn thank you
How to use a data attribute from a target div as view param in a PrimeFaces ContextMenu outcome I'm trying to do the following: From a simple collection of elements...
how do i bar plot a complete x axis and not just the last value I am bar plotting probabilities as a function of successes in binomial trials.
The features you are trying to use are part of Web API 2.
Just use a selector from the last and forward..
Come here instead of D's if you need to buy cases of beer.
I faced this when I removed this from didFinishLaunchingWithOptions-method in app delegate: I had to remove it because otherwise the whole tab bar is not shown.
eg the titlebar and saving files.
Extract KML from Fusion Tables into Google Earth I am trying to extract my KML file from Google's Fusion Tables into Google Earth.
Walking into Cafe Luna, it's difficult to imagine you are still in a little brick building in Campus Town.
\n\nNormal coffee and tea menu, pastry case is always tempting and filled.
The difference to NotEmpty is that trailing whitespaces are getting ignored.
Note that the null is also copied.
So close to the airport, but remains off the grid.
However due to constant changes in lighting of the carpark as the sun moves you are going to run into issues where the background image will change due to shadows, brightness,etc.
I like the variety of the holes and it's always in pretty good shape.\n\nPrairie: The \""Prairie\"" nine is probably the course I've played the most.
The idea is to train and score agents in a game against players, then the data is sent back to a server where it can be scored for fitness and then added to the pool for evolutionary selection.
A solution could be: This way is created the moment you call and will be remembered until the Object is destroyed.
I cannot remember the name of what I ate, but who cares, because it tasted so good that almost right after I finished my plate, short of licking it clean, I wanted more of the special!
I recently tried this place and I was very impressed with how delicious their sandwiches are.
You can use this rule in your root .htaccess:
Core Data's strength is the management of data models with complex relationships between data entities.
Give it a try, you can thank me later.
What fucking variety.\n\nAnd there are a million other tasty things under this roof.
The query string starts after the end of the page being requested with a ?
which is different bc you don't normally get all that in a wonton soup bowl.
Then you can use it in the front-end like so:
the rooms are typically adorned with a DVD player and movies are available to borrow.
Try reverting to: /** MySQL hostname */ define('DB_HOST', 'localhost'); MORE DETAILED ANSWER I suggest you create a default installation of WP -- including a stock database -- at NetworkSolutions.
The name slips my mind but I will describe it thus: homemade mac and cheese (not the processed powder stuff!) with mini shell pasta.
It makes no sense to clear the buffer.
In your case your simple directory structure makes the searching a little simpler.
Growing up in India and spending more than a decade in New Jersey, I have had luxury of trying out Indian food at many places (incl.
If you can, save room for dessert.
I have followed the steps shown HERE to use the experimental Gradle, but obviously it's not all going smoothly.
Whenever you open a stream (or a writer / reader, which wrap a stream), that locks the file.
let me say that condiments help a great deal and this hospital uses mainly Kraft products (BBQ sauce, dressings, mayo) in the cafeteria you can get hot sauce, tartar sauce, creamers (flavored).
Here's a non-type-safe solution that might provide some crazy inspiration for others.
Courses arrive in precise timing, great wine selection, very attentive and high class service, classy and intimate decor.
This rating would have been 5 stars had it not been for that check-in experience.
I have a table that contains a Column with client names.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in town.
I was able to put buttons to the left of text by further deleting inside .
I had been here several times before but she had not.
Or move the function forward declaration after the struct definition.
EDIT: To answer all, the reason I am looking for this is so that email validation is consistent when using both the normal validation as well as when using programmatic validation.
Within your object your reference to your database is instead of .
That's exactly what algorithm does: 1) While both arrays have numbers at index - sum up.
I could tell from the small bits of brown that were beginning in the cheese that the pizza had been cooked fully and to the proper temperature.
Now, when you're specifying a run/debug configuration, you can select a checkbox 'Clear application data on each launch'.
Instead of regular Chinese take out lunch this place has angel hair and tilapia type healthier, higher class food.
Whatever it is, I call it insane and it's a struggle not to order it again and again.\n\nBut you mustn't stop there, as dessert is just as over the top as everything else in the meal.
Because of those differences the 2 passwords are not interchangeable.
The place has been around for decades and it is really like the CBGB's of Charlotte.
I love a good chicago dog no matter where it came from and Matt knows how to make a good dog.
Love this place, really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
In a standard Subversion workflow, it's quite rare to need to type the full URL -- most operations are on an already-checked-out working copy -- and in any case, if you're working with branches and tags, the URL would change between invocations.
Give them a shot, and they are wonderful with all the fresh made salsas they carry in the deli cooler by the registers.\nIf you find yourself shopping with limited time in the strip district you should try the taco stand out front.
If I minded cigarette smoke, this place would be a four; but since I don't, perfect score.
That's the only thing that's making it so difficult.
I think we just hit it on an off nite.
\n\nI found myself @ Peking Garden celebrating a friends' completion of his prelims.
You're trying this with a content script.
The basic if function would go like this: How would I change this expression for males only (separate cut offs will be used for females (say low = &lt;50, normal = >=50 &amp; &lt;58, high = >=58)).
Well its a javascript code: give it a try :) hope you like it
And to the person who said their tea was too small, refills are free if you walk inside.
To get for example my rows with id 7 i could do it and I'll need do it for all my rows which are percentages, but this is a dinamic table.
But if you want to sit back with friends and enjoy some non-overpriced beverages, this is the place for you.
As you can see I tried the Oracle video and that worked fine.
The loop works fine with the first call of 'y' on okay.item(y) but it is not looping through okayid.item(y).
We then had the assorted sushi and sashimi plates.
We left feeling stuffed, guilty, and knowing that while the food was tasty our waistlines could only handle eating there once every couple of months.
Spark driver definitely needs to communicate with all the worker nodes.
In C you will find yourself tracking resources by hand much more often, and you have to get used to that.
The bed was situated in such a way that it has you looking straight out those sliding glass doors once you're all tucked in - a really nice setup for a Courtyard.
The page you link to clearly states: Requirements (Windows 10 device family) Device family Universal and Requirements (Windows 8.x and Windows Phone 8.x) Minimum supported client Windows 8 [Windows Store apps only] If you want to have the same functionality in a WPF desktop application you will need to either find a third party control that does the same or write your own.
, an automatic local variable or parameter, or a temporary created inside the function).
One of the best lunch spots in charlotte.
I don't think xpath works with SAX, but you might take a look at StAX which is an extended streaming XML API for Java.
I even love how they have a wine vending machine in the front!
UserB has no registered account and would simply pay at checkout by entering a valid card number.
Melts in your mouth with miso broth.\n -The Royal Platter is by far the most impressive display.
This is my javascript: HTML part: Demo is here.
Add a listener when inflating the group layout.
Set a HTML elements width attribute right away using javascript Is it possible to set an elements width like this: Where getScreenSize() is a javascript function.
We did this whit good results in solr 3.6.
Then your method will look like this: The is a simple .
In cannot also understand how to apply my response to check form submitting.
Is there a way to place a button, size it, and allow for re-sizing based on run-time text changes?
The shrimp are big and taste fresh not frozen .
It's sushi, or hibachi whichever one you want to choose.
For a moment I will need you to ignore my name.
I tried to make a project that will show on particular time and even the app is not open it will show it.
It was so interesting talking with someone who just recently moved to the US from Germany.
Yes, it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it.
Pamela's is an East End institution.
you can just do if you don't want to use typedef
What I already checked: 1) When using the rtTexture as a map for a MeshLambertMaterial, it works perfectly fine 2) When loading an image for the sprite with ImageUtils and using this as a map for the SpriteMaterial, it works great and the spline is showing up where it should be!
But when i print, for example, the value 2 it prints 2.0 .
\n\nFree local shuttle was a bonus.
That's not too bad.\nThe Experience: It's a small restaurant full of happy people!
Map shown on Yelp page is incorrect.
And a grown man dressed like Billy Idol.
Musashi has and will always be my go-to place for simple, fresh and authentic.
I used to manage the combobox items and added the property 'IsSelected' Now I want to use the 'IsSelected' property to hide/show the item in the combobox.
pretty much everything you could ask for.
\nMy daughter gave birth to my grandson here.
That's why I rely on , because, relative to profilers, it finds all problems they find, and it finds ones they don't.
The easiest way to do this, is to get the StyledDocument from the JTextPane, and to use the setCharacterAttributes() method.
This is a traditional chinese style restaurant and the decor has a lot of attention to detail put into it.
You can customise the which manages the connection to the relay broker by adding a Configuration class that extends in order to override the method.
The bar and a few tables are in the front while several more tables for dining line the back area.\n\nIt was nearly empty.
According to Wikipedia , gamma has to be strictly less than one.
I randomly ran the price check on the 2 \""better\"" models of the router that I had in my hand and found the prices to be exactly the same as amazon.
But maybe you know a time for timeout.
We went to the Pittsburgh Public Theater last weekend for a show and I was very impressed with the facilities.
\n\nI hate its name, but I love the Rusty Nail.
I thought the homemade potato chips were excellent, they came out warm and crispy.
I am an absolute beginner so I'd like to keep it as simple as possible and I apologize if how I've described what I'd like to do doesn't make much sense.
Great location - make sure you ask for a view of the river.
frequency of occurence in a document.
pusher realtime user online status through webhooks I am working on an android app where I have done some realtime applications using pusher.
You could also use this to check if the Visual Studio Designer is running the code: Then in Form_Load: However, this is less elegant than using the , but it works (until Microsoft changes the name of the process Visual Studio runs under).
The service was very friendly and attentive.
\nThe pappardelle al funghi, a delicious while wine and olive oil sauce, was tossed with pasta and shiitake mushrooms!
I mean come on, between a bunch of chain restaurants flanking the mall and Maharaja, there's no comparison.
Really sweet.\n\nThe restroom is another nice surprise.
You have to go throughout the maze and find the numbered mailboxes, which inside, a square piece of the map that you are trying to put together to find your way out.
You're not assigning the event handlers to the events: Cheers
I've eaten at Casbah four times since my first review - from cocktails and an appetizer to lunch, everything has exceeded my expectations and the service has been great every time: polite, helpful recommendations, and my glass is never empty.
Hell they even remembered my name and how I like my tea for lunch after the second time I was there!
I am completely new to this and like to know whether there are any limitations on and used in the app as well.
The problem however is that it also exports an xml header (it's even worse for the saveHTML version).
In order to select All, I have to scroll up a bit, so that the selection is off All, and then let go so it falls back down to All.
We had several appetizers and they were all good to excellent.
However, I have this doubt - Can I have two classes (say A and B) issuing a call to the same class (C) extending the IntentService?
There aren't really a great number of ways to do it.
The if part works, but it won't get to the else part.
But what if I inputted '72' and selected 'hours'?
get(i)==null : o.equals(get(i))), or -1 if there is no such index.
In case it helps, here is my final working configuration.
What put this one over the top was the Concierge Lounge on the 18th floor.
For about how to implement the functionality of sending messages or receive messages, i think we can create a EventBus framework which is specially used for the collaboration of domain object.
For a place that looks like your classic greasy diner, it offers a more home-cooked feel with a veggie vibe.
Using them will break your layout and cause other glitches.
You can also include perl logic in TT, even add your database interface there.
Us lucky Carnegie Mellon students could get into this museum for free, sooo I managed to make it here once a year.
The selector looks for an element with the ID "credentials" and a class "errors", not an element with the ID "credentials.errors".
It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd.
Error Log: Please any help ?
In this case could be better a CreateCommand for do this you should bild raw query using join eg: or for delete then for Yii2
How to get call end event in Android App I have made small app for Android mobile.
:-) Specifically, creates a pipe from : where the background thread does a typical stream-to-stream copy: However, chokes: Has anyone seen working code for using to serve media to ?
I'm so very glad I did!\n\nP.S.
there might be some code in the dd.css file which is what I have tried and failed with (most of the code is the default code which came with the script)
I have stored imageUrl in variable image and the facebook URL in the variable shareUrl,
code: result: input box is filled with Characters and are missing, other characters are filled correctly.
This exception is mainly used by data input streams to signal end of stream.
It depends on whether the destructor is non-trivial and has side effects on which the program depends.
I'm working on a small project in which I'll need to select a record from a temporary table based on the actual row number of the record.
\n\nDrinks: 3 stars, for the decent variety (better than expected from a place like this) and the game time specials.\n\nService: 3 stars.
What it should do PrintScreened from JSFiddle What it does PrintScreened from Outlook 2007 message.
They offered us the choice of two tables and immediately opened our wine, and brought over two nice stems.
I'm not sure it's very clear as I lack the words to explain this precisely, so here is an example: This is what I've been able to achieve messing with the line-height property until finding the best value: But I guess it's not a very clean or reliable way to do it.
The impact on the performance is quite important, though.
You can find a lot of ethnic ingredients you can't get at other GE stores.
So I have created the keystore and a private key.
You can assign the article to a category.
I gotta say that the food from this restaurant is really good and the service is very nice.
The block of source looks like this: I want to find all labels that contain 'Loose' and capture the associated value then total it into a value.
They are forever having some kind of clearance or sale going on and they a lot of sizes.
I built a similar system several years ago using MongoDB on Amazon AWS.
I need Codeigniter to generate this instead as I expected.
We sat in the outdoor seating in the back, which had a perfect combination of sun and shade.
Downloading to download folder in Android I have a webview in my app.
I had their house made corn pasta ravioli filled with pumpkin & cheese in a brown butter sauce.
But if you have relatives who want something more unique in the heart of a vibrant Burgh neighborhood, I'd suggest here!\n\nLet's get to the tea service though!
As the duly-designated Johnnie Cochran of this particular Starbucks at Gateway Village, it is my sworn duty to defend this location and say this to the 2-and 3-star reviewers: man, y'all don't know what you're talking 'bout.\n\nI've been working here for 3 years, and this one's been my go-to spot for caffeine.
\nIt was crowded, loud and definitely worth a visit.
The acoustics in there are horrible, and it seems kind of dark.
Adding any scripting to control the size of the new AIR windows in which the PDFs open causes the links to cease working at all.
Showmars serves up deliciously unhealthy food.
Position your cursor in your editor, click on the desired char in the favs.
Thanks for your help in advance.
ORCL 26.00 27.00 2010-05-20 06:28:00 ORCL 26.01 27.02 2010-05-20 06:28:01 etc
For the first time, I felt like a client, not a target.
I've moved and have yet to find that certain place that gives me the warm fuzzy feeling that a omelette or diner's stack from Merry-Ann's can provide.
perhaps you'll even meet someone who shares your love of you eating hot dogs and you can shower them with many moments of which they can watch you eat your beloved wieners and y'all can live happily ever after.
I also need a better way to handle deletion for when an album is deleted.
It was important for me to realize that certain folks will gravitate towards certain plants simply based on personal preference.
She didn't seem bothered by my request.
Are there any tutorials on coding a parser for SVG files to be used by box2D?
and, most importantly, i love their tasty, reasonably priced coffee.
A little crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.
Little pricey came to a little over seven bones, but whatevs.\n\nLooking forward to washing my car, pumping some jams in the ride, getting a fresh haircut post-gym/tan/laundry.
It's your one stop for movie snacks, a quick bit before you catch the latest Ryan Gosling flick or just a chill evening on the patio with friends and a bottle of wine.
Laravel simple relation between models return null In my database I have and table.
I went about this by trying to use the first:child pseudo class.
The museum just added the Wertz Gallery of Gems and Jewelry to the Hillman Hall.
The cheeses, meat course and salad are good but lets be honest that dessert is where its at.
(as shown in the code below) I think the best approach would be to handle the logic by altering the query based on the values of the variables: This approach allows for any upper value: if there is a serious inflation, a different currency, or suddenly the code will be used to sell housese and there will be products with prices > 200000, you don't need to go out and change a lot of code to make it show...
Arrived, got luggage, boarded the bus and picked up my car.
Molly was friendly and quick and I was really thrilled by her professional and kind demeanor.
We started with the sausage sampler.
I have always found their food to be pricey, but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so I am fine with that.
Pho Minh is disgusting and uses a very tasteless powder broth/soup base for their pho.
Profilers are often concerned with peripheral issues, like accuracy of measurement, which doesn't help to find problems.
pandas print all non empty rows I have this data I want to slice all rows which have atleast single one ("1") in their columns A-to-I.
Subway calls their line folks \""sandwich artists.\"" If those people are considered artists, then the cooks at Primanti Bros are friggin' Picasso.
All were amazing and on par with the quality I found in Italy.
He told me that they do all their cleaning in-house (with the exception of some extraordinary stains), let me know when I could pick them up, and gave me approximate prices.
And how would I use them?
I love their new Wheel of Fortune game!
I use this drawer in several classes, so I created a separate class in order to avoid duplication of code
If you're using jQuery of course, you could just do: See: ​
I hope that Perl is actually using a more efficient algorithm and my actual time will be closer to O * log (O).
I had the same issue a year ago.
Friendly, prompt service, and very reasonable prices.
The outside of the massive burrito was smothered in melted cheeses including guacamole and sour-cream which were splattered across the top.
I assume that there's some kind of relationship between the custom scroll that comes with the Scroll Path plugin and the need of the parallax plugins of working with the navigator scroll to make the effect work.
The fact that Windows only allows 15 icon overlays is well worn territory at this point.
\n\nStaff were all gracious, helpful, and kind.
Later on you can make it SCORM compatible.
Not overly spicy or garlicky and cooked perfectly crisp.
My husband complained the whole time that the seats were uncomfortable, but I was fine.\n\nI am glad that we have the Harris downtown, and I will most likely return.
And a nice place for a family to come and eat lunch.
I will eat there again I'm sure.
And the Dos Equis draft wasn't bad either!
i take a instant screenshot and show it.
This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.
There is no second argument for callbacks...
The Pacific Rim drink was fruity and not too strong, and also reasonably priced.
But whatever you choose it has no impact on actual migrations.
The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese looked tempting, and were large enough to feed a group, but I can't attest to the flavor.\n\nWe started with a loaf of exceptional warm bread with flecks of toasted onion on the crust.
I'm not even going to copy the example code here.
The guest service was awesome as usual.
These are the things I have tried and seems I'm missing out something: TouchUtils.longClickView(InstrumentationTestCase test, View v) works fine...for creating longClickView ..
In this I get over the -Array in the function a key .
Wedding soup was a bit salty, but otherwise perfectly fit my conception of what wedding soup should be.
The food here is so good that I was ready to give It's Greek to Me a four-star review after eating takeout that had ridden halfway across Pittsburgh to meet up with me.
Neo4j does not support storing another object as a nested property.
On Button Click You can use one of the following :
However, who wants a phone-book-sized-menu if the food isn't good?
We got two sammiches and two cokes for $16, what a deal!
except improv at Mike & Molly's!\n\nI missed most of it, but showed up in time for a song about swine flu, then was called up on stage for their final bit...
I kept this project as a bookmark a while ago : Not really an answer to your specific question but maybe it could help you get started.
I ordered their prixe fixe brunch option which is a choice of an appetizer, brunch dish, and drink for $22.
Additionally, it would help if we could see the turk.properties file (please don't share your access keys or secret key) to make sure the endpoints are well-formed.
I understand they are still roasting coffeebeans at their warehouse in Matthews.
Between both of these it made for a perfect happy hour along with their awesome rum selection.\n\nThe service at this location was extra good being that there was a hint of southern hospitality added to an already great service experience.
I'm at the point where I need to start passing jobs off to workers.
You may pay a bit more here, considering the convenience factor of Uptown.
It is extremely pricey, but the size of the meat and savory taste is well worth it.
I have driven by this place a bunch of times and just recently realized that A: it exists, and B: it's a bar.
Everything they offer is at least good, while their gyros are nothing short of amazing (for Chambana, at least).
Programming example will be more beneficial for me.
The Inn itself is gorgeous, and the staff was extremely professional and accommodating.
is a function template, not a class template, so an instantiation of it is not a type, so you can't create a typedef for it.
Anyway, jTables uses: I can see that I can pass values to the server using the Name and branch, but I don't know how to catch that on the PHP code so I can do a on my mysql code.
Charlotte isn't known nationally for its music scene but with venues like this, it is hard to deny that you can't have a great time with Charlotte music.
Only if you had read UIColor's class reference...
The value contains a specific number of bytes, and each byte is displayed as two digits.
It seems like I might have a little bit more luck that way.
this is my JQuery picker and posting method: This is the backend.php: and finally this is the output in the alert: and the output if backend.php is run: If anyone can point me in the right direction i appreciate all the help, new to php and very confused!
Favorites include the Ahi Tuna, crabcake, and stuffed mushrooms.
I travel to Pittsburgh pretty often, and the owner who cooks the crepes recognizes my wife and me every single time we're there.\n\nThe crepes are excellent, the prices are more than reasonable, and as long as you don't go there during a peak period, it's never too crowded.
this table is linked to other tables with foreign key.
Mom said the venue was packed but the last three rows were empty and that's where she sat for her rush ticket.
Drinks are cash only, there's a perpetual haze of smoke, and you'd better be an expert at navigating dim lighting if you hope to not trip over anyone.
Beautiful back patio and large glass doors for when the weather isn't ideal but you still want a view of the outdoors.
I found the code here: Currently looking through the changes to see what could have broken it.
But I expect my partition method be faster.
Bryan had a Seeing Double (I sipped it, delicious!) and Nikki had a Purple Haze, on special for $3....
Causing the entire array to be checked and then forced to be broken allowing me to return to my Menu while loop.
However, I'd like to check that all of my libraries are up to date.
Always mention your Windows and VS version btw.
The bathrooms stick out in your mind though, because they're down some narrow stairs and seemingly so far away they might as well be in a different building.
Sweet.\n\nThey had a Sunday Buffet - I think they do this every Sunday, not just for Easeter.
I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.
The rye was fresh and toasted and it all came together perfectly.
There's no timeout that I'm aware of on .bat or .cmd files.
Next door to an amazing liquor store!
Especially the ones with caramel frosting.
Use transient keyword in not Serializable class Would it make sense to use the keyword in a class that does not implement ?
a must visit if you have kids.
\n\nAppetizers to try are; the cheese plate, Sweet & Sour Calamari (my fav) and their Mussel Pot.
I was under the impression that denoting before the variable would allow this to be done.
It was quick and easy, the doctor was knowledgable, and they didn't try to upsell me on anything like I've seen at some other eye doctors.\n\nWill be going back next year.
Everything is working great except with cells containing formulas.
A little understaffed tonight, and even sitting at the bar, the service was under par.
The menu is not displayed in mac os 10.9.1 In my application used "Application is agent(UIElement)" = YES.
It's not much to look at, but is clean, great service, and good food.
My question is, can't jQuery/javaScript code be merged with form.html in server response?
I've learned a TON!\n\nAnd I've met some amazing people!
Basically, the result is the same, but without the overhead of writing a loop, iterating over it, and storing the results appropriate.
Dean the owner/manager was extremely knowledgeable and helpful about which backpack was best for me.
And two anonymous variable leads to this Two strings.
At the end i just simply use , so that the indexes are clean and starts with 0.
She lingered over her lunch, savored every bite, and scraped the plate clean.
Replace them in the original array with the new order.
The 365 brand is a good value and oh, do I love the bulk bins.\n\nThis store barely compares to the Whole Foods in other cities, but its a start!
If I have a class that has a relationship and I wanted to merge two together, I would presume that could be done like: Then I use ObjectMapper &amp; SugarRecord: But the list of books doesn't get updated.
I once bought a leather bomber jacket from the '70s for $30!
Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional.
Hashed/Sharded ActionBlocks I have a constant flow of certain items that I need to process in parallel so I'm using .
See Nested functions are available in some new (eg, Python) and many more traditional languages, including Ada, Pascal, Fortran, PL/I, PL/IX, Algol and COBOL.
I am new to programming and just started last week, so all the java mumbojumbo is quite confusing to me.
The three scallops were some of the plumpest, most succulent and perfectly cooked that I have ever had.
I cannot figure out the best way to do this, or even if it is reasonably possible in Octopus.
There were 6 in our party and everyone had a great meal.
And if you're not feeling it next time your there, give it a day or wait until the next weekend and try again.
Maybe this is a valid singleton, but I'd also appreciate any ideas on how I could remove it.
To die for, especially for those who are crazy about coffee!!
I like JSON because it is human readable and isn't python specific.
Is it possible to utilize a python module that isnt installed into the python directories in linux?
Put some templates in a script file and have some that are just a path to a endpoint?
I've just installed Vim and Suite-Latex, following exactly what was instructed here .
No armeabi folder I´m trying to integrate SQLCipher with my android application.
\n\nThe menu also reflects a contemporary but Asian influenced theme.
If I'd had to do that I would try it the following way: add some that when you insert or delete using that triggers database deletion inside your .
You almost get the answer from Matthew , all you need to do is to add cast :
If you're looking for a way to avoid the lines of Easter Brunch, head to a Chinese Restaurant.
How to go about multithreading with "priority"?
It means you tried treating an integer as an array.
Great owner, superb bar food, and oh, the huge selection of craft beer.
The most memorable part of the visit, however, was in a small, rather grimy room that boasted huge canisters of home-made wine and small glasses.
What is Best practice in objective c for creating an object and setting its properties Considering I have a called that I am instantiating using .
Furthermore, it's not actually a good idea to send even that much at once.
I've been coming to this salon for about 8 years now and have never had an issue.
There is no "main thread of the OS".
Some did not work until we had the staff bring batteries or make repairs.\nNeeds instructions for dialing.
Especially when you apply different types of interpolation.
The 5 second delay is now reduced to 200 ms and I added some headers, like so: 3) Turns out my WAMP server (PHP) had limitations as default in terms of maximum HTTP requests, timeouts and the like.
(EDIT: seems like calling into .NET which is equality-constraint-agnostic is a good way to create a dictionary in the absence of the extra constraint.)
This would be a better tutorial for .
I initially made an appointment at another downtown office, but felt I needed a second opinion.
Your exception is quite general but I hope this works for you too.
I think this might be the only place in the area that consistently gets my order right.
its one of the better sandwiches i can remember eating.
Option 1 using pointers is a bad idea.
Later in the process when view is loaded the notification gets posted and controller processes it.
Plus they are cheap cheap cheap!
And if you are a girl, you can always get to the bar (just smile).
Create: app/code/local/Ffdotcom/Helloworld/etc/config.xml Create: app/code/local/Ffdotcom/Helloworld/controllers/IndexController.php Create: app/etc/modules/Ffdotcom_Helloworld.xml
I enjoy everything and will be back
If a watcher has a different value than last time, it will run a new digest cycle, and so on, until all watchers are stable.
Get used to putting module or "class" prefixes on all public names.
Next time I'll know how the seating goes.
So if you think about good design there will be no case1.
If so, what can I have as a consolation prize?
Queries which are Unioned are independent of one another.
Your anonymous method assigns , which is probably a property of your class.
They are hidden yea I am not joking.\nThere are two airport lounges operated by US air( or the New Amercian) located in terminal b and d.
Should I keep the share buttons or need to get rid of those?
I liked the tape collection, and might be back to get some tapes for my '99 subaru.
When I compiled both programs to files there were no errors, and when I linked the object files to make an executable it linked correctly.
You'll have to split the string on new-line characters yourself and draw the lines one by one with a proper vertical offset: Here is a complete example to give you the idea: which gives the following result:
In contrast, a non- version will setup the array for every call.
A tutorial can be found here:
Their portions for lunch on the hot dishes looked ginormous so I will be checking that out next.
The host advised us it is a 90 minute service.
Furthermore, #defines are considered evil nowadays; iterate over vector->size() - it doesn't seem the most elegant way; calling a method with a function pointer - but in this case, the code that should be inside of the loop would be far from the loop.
The Axis Army was made up of soldiers fro Italy and Germany - a total of 290,000 personnel.\n\nHere, in this reenactment, German soldiers take over a plantation and battle both US and British armed forces, where they are defeated when they get attacked on both sides.
You might however want to use Google Chrome and use the inspect element to make sure your reference points are correct.
Here is the code and what I've tried, but it is not working.
They even have lactation consultants that come through after you have your baby to answer any questions and to make sure breastfeeding is going well.\n\nThe hospital food is much better than most and they offer a lot of different options.\n\nThe labor and delivery rooms and the post birth rooms are so great.
In case if loaded image is big, 5-10 mb, it takes some time(seconds) and toDataURL return very few of data.
I wished they served their own food, but its good that you can order from nearby pizza places etc.
So I'm not sure how these overlays actually work...
I think I've no app that can perform a map location on my emulator but even then I should have that said in my logs.
The truth hurts and so everything from slavery and the life of the poor farmer to the whole lynching dedicated exhibit is incredibly intense and gripping.\n\nA great inspiration.
How to copy MySQL table structure to table in memory?
If I keep using the logic, is it possible that the button might, in a slow mobile phone, appear on top or even in between the items added in the loop?
If you can influence or control the evolution of the schemas for CSV files, try to come up with a top level data architecture.
Personally I tend to use this layout because of its widespread use.
I decided to try this place out for a two-wheel front end alignment because most of the big chains in Charlotte are rip offs.
You go to the cooler in the back and just grab your own bottle or ask for a pour of whatever they have on draft (it changes often).
The apple pie \u00e0 la mode was solid (as in yummy, but also as in not runny).
Once we got settled, I ordered the insalata misticanza.
2 If we want to have a more broad use of , we place the specific blueprints for each class type that might make use of the protocol in protocol extensions .
I can not go on writing views for every single combination of the attributes.
I guess that within the context of the call .
Rules inside media blocks should be properly nested.
For an even more C++-specific method, use e.g.
Sweet smiling ladies taking our orders while my friend just could not decide what she wanted?
The problem is that often a C# page will never fully load from the server.
I have been to the elbow room a few times.
Another great thing is that the displays are up for 3 months at a time, so if you really like something, you have the opportunity to go check it out again!
You can walk anywhere you need to go.
Very friendly place and everyone is more than willing to offer suggestions as to which beers to try.
HANDS DOWN favorite place to get a sub!
The hot and sour soup is great, the ma po bean curd is the best I've ever had, and even their newest offering of pad thai is pretty good.
Since a "person" didn't create the release, we don't associate the release with a person.
The half pound burger is maybe the best I've ever had and the selection of local brews is the perfect compliment.
Went shopping for ingredients for a Korean dish I was making and they had everything.
Then of course the is shown again and this loops while you keep moving the mouse.
I have written a test class for testing the CRUD operations in the DAO class.
Your code works with the addition of the option in your call to :
Not too shabby, in my opinion.
It gets called automatically when an instance is constructed, to set up the whole instance.
The gentleman that I spoke with went through the collection car by car, giving an enormous amount of detail and history for each vehicle.
Our daughter seems to enjoy the dinosaurs the most, but she's also intrigued by the art collection!
Everything is salty, but that's expected at soul food restaurants.
How do I use \renewcommand to get BACK my greek letters?
Their nightly/weekly specials --when available are delicious, too!
If you changed however, would also equal 6?
The one from the west coast wasn't that great =T.
Recently I am working on VMs, using vSphere.
Writing this review made me so hungry that I had to stop in the middle to eat something.
These doctors deliver at Presbyterian hospital, which is state of the art.\nWell after everything I came out a healthy mom to a healthy baby boy, so I'm at least a fan.
Can you just collapse the values of the grouping instead?
This will omit integer values represented as strings:
We're kind of regulars now and we always get lucky to be served by this white guy who is awesome and polite.
basically so we could also get a table-side fire show.\n\nDrinks: there were martini specials.
They're just an old school neighborhood meat market.
Unfortunately all my builds fail right now with the following output on : Any ideas where this could come from?
Here's the code I have: Here's a link to the web site that does the same function: The code above, at least on my server, takes two minutes to retrieve www.arstechnica.com, but the service at the link above returns it right away.
This will allow new blacklisted words to be loaded, and old ones to be thrown out.
Basic controllers comunication in angular.js I have a project in Angular.js that consist of a login page and another page.
I ate here for brunch on Sunday.
All other groups listed are groups that you belong to but are not your gid.
Another would be to override selectRowAtIndexPath .
Great location for someone new to the city.
The pathways to and from this area are equipped with moving walkways for your convenience.
When object lifetime ends, it decrements the reference counter for the shared resource, and if it is zero that means no other object uses it, so it is deleted.
This pork has me coming back again and again.
Or something like that; if the list is extended multiple times then the ".delegate()" call should probably be done once, outside the handler.
Maybe it's my fiction-writer's imagination, but they really make me feel like a VIP.
Assuming that you global is defined in a header file like this ...
I would suppose that it is compiler dependent.
For starters I am new to bioinformatics and especially to programming, but I have built a script that will go through a so-called VCF file (only the individuals are included, one clumn = one individual), and uses a search string to find out for every variant (line) whether the individual is homozygous or heterozygous.
I was traveling in Pittsburgh for work and picked this Holiday Inn due to it's proximity to downtown.
The trend I saw is that many organizations are using that as a data warehouse for offline data mining and BI analysis purpose as a replacement for data warehosue based on relational databases.
(hmmm, maybe I shouldn't write this review?)\nThis is a throw back cigar bar.
You dont need to import the whole project with examples and target of it.Just import whatever in the " " folder in that framework..
To summarize, though, if you execute a fetch directly, you should typically not add Objective-C-based predicates or sort descriptors to the fetch request.
They have a lot of specialty martinis to choose from.
Answered some questions we had about beer also.
You can use the option or environment variable to act as if you did that: Note that it is not necessary to specify it for commands after since copies content into the index, uses the index, and the index is in .
This is generally the best way to work with such spans of time.
The other one was filled with whipped cream, fresh strawberries, and dusted with powdered sugar.
Like if you just find A, that would give you a speedup of 1/(1-0.3) = 1.43 or 43%.
Unable to create snapshot of Canvas In my application a canvas object has height = 90 px &amp; width = 86400 px (indicating number of seconds in a day [60 * 60 * 24] ).
Regardless of the one waitress we had that wasn't up to par, I think this is a great place!
NestedVM and Cibyl have slightly different performance characteristics, with Cibyl typically being faster for integer-heavy workloads whereas NestedVM handles floats and doubles better.
Neither to local IIS Express or to the cloud.
It's some sort of rice-y, broth-y soup that has a somewhat peculiar color.
Wow, I think I found my new favorite local grocery store!
Now, my Shrimp and Grits were good, but the quantity was disappointing.
At the end I went with System.JS and jspm, and I must say it absolutely solves all the problems that I was facing, and then some, flawlessly.
How to rewrite this on jQuery I have ul with 5 li inside, need to select one of them with index [curSlide-1], I writed it on JS, but can't do that on jQuery: I've tried to write it on jQuery, but it doesn't work: Can somebody tell how to rewrite it correctly?
It pleased me like no other sandwich has ever done.
Or you can add your own ErrorListener and carefully analyze the errors to determine the schema they relate to.
The menu is very unique and expansive.
I don't have the docs right in front of me, but I think if you mark the MouseButtonEventArgs object as Handled it stops the event from going up the chain.
The CSS WG resolved to Add to spec if Edge/Firefox find it critical enough to Web compat to implement it.
Now I want to embed link for all files which are available in email message.
You should use the helper method to generate the correct relative path to your action method.
We can also leverage Ruby's and objects to do most of the heavy lifting.
Prices are reasonable, two can be stuffed for $30.
In the event where you want to move from form1 to form2 In form 2 Now your someName will have that value
The secret to the security is check in on the end @ D+E.
The following things make Ri Ra amazing, no arguments.
Using won't help when you need to increment - because the read and the write are separate instructions.
It would look exactly like what Konrad posted in his answer.
Try this: Note, that you use , which allows a match NULL values.
:)\n\nWe will definitely be back - we had a wonderful time and felt very welcomed.
Ok, I've to create a height input field that centers the text vertically and horizontally.
Among the softer requirements are having a set of abstractions for the most common backend functionality, such as sockets, file IO, and so on (There is usually some platform specific adaptations necessary), and supporting a good language such as Python or C++, though it is usually fun to learn a new one (i.e.
Quick, clean no muss no fuss, keeper!
Most of those sites provide badges you can add to your GitHub repo, usually in the README.
As an update, if you get the veggies as your side don't get them cooked on the grill.
Perfect spot for some casual Southern cooking.
This is the bit that enabled timeseries on your chart: See reference on here:
An excellent breakfast served by friendly and knowledgable staff.\n\nI've had nearly everything on the menu and it's all excellent.
Apparently a lot of people still request the dish, so occasionally they will stock the ingredients just to randomly prepare it...
CoreData programming with multiple Entities I'm looking for some help with CoreData and with Entities in general.
So i thought its quite easy, just remove the "name" part of the form.
The right of perfectly seasoned sauce and the inhouse pepperoni was superb.
The shuttle line was huge so I thought I could just walk to daily.
But that's not what you want to watch.
Last year, we bought a jetta sportwagen from them, largely because of the quality of the service we've gotten from the service department.\n\nWe've had to face some pretty large repair bills at times but, I've felt they have been fair and done quality work.
In order to invoke static methods from another class, an anonymous class loader is used for loading the lambda classes.
Search for $SAFE, if $SAFE is set to >2 you won't be able to use at all.
We had a table in the middle of the dining room.
Also Refer this bellow tutorial and also check demo..
-u [signing user id or key hex id] ...
Here I have core logic of checking balance before debiting account.
However this functionality is simpler to develop with Python.
Check for in the controller and make sure you don't send to the view.
DELICIOUS food, REALLY authentic and not too spicey if ordered \""without spice\""...very friendly/attentive staff.
If you want something good off the grid then stop by the chicken box and enjoy the south at its best.
But problem is the form and profile image are not coming in center.
For reference, here is a sample code in Mathematica: If there are more varied situations where the paper's rectangle is not so well defined, or the approach confuses it with other shapes -- these situations could happen due to various reasons, but a common cause is bad image acquisition -- then try combining the pre-processing steps with the work described in the paper "Rectangle Detection based on a Windowed Hough Transform".
Access 2010: Refresh Navigation Pane and Sum/Avg not visible on report I have noticed a strange problem in Access 2010: when a user creates a new object (table, form, query, ...), this object does not show up in the navigation pane.
Not the place for local, organic, grass-fed, gourmet riff-raff.
I'm not sure I'm totally sold on the \""Manger's special.\"" I think I'm going to stick with the regular wash from now on.
I'll be back in the fall when the leaves change colors.
Richard's haircuts are best when you give just a little bit of direction and then let him do his thing.
Or is the best available method something like computing an image on the iPhone and dynamically offering it to the watch?
An excellent food co-op, with a sincere interest in the community.
Like anywhere else, there are pros and cons.
The class name is com.google.api.services.samples.youtube.cmdline.data.UploadVideo While I run the application everyday asking very first time invoking default browser once i click approve after that video upload to youtube.
Almost too cold - when I wasn't eating I was shaking from shivering so hard.
\n\nDefiantly the best stop my mother and I had while we were on Walnut street, and i would venture back to the place in a second.\n\nPS the wait staff was also very pleasant and kind.
Body Worlds was fascinating as was the current \""Mummies of the World\"".
I was charged a reasonable amount in spite of this and it turned out pretty good.
I had heard so-so reviews from friends so I was a bit skeptical at first but thought that the dinner was very nice!
if that seems to much, you could just add a cookie check in the function so when it's run (and re-run) it checks for a cookie and, when absent, makes an alert and sets a cookie.
The people are friendly, service was good and quality of the food is excellent.
It also can offload search server processing to a separate cluster.
Upon entering, I was greeted by a slightly unwelcoming smell.
Use this: EDIT: Sorry, I've just realised that probably hasn't come from GET/POST/COOKIE and so is probably irrelevant.
At some point, these costs accumulate and the OS refuses the creation of new threads to prevent the stability of your overall system.
Tried the vegetarian thali ($12ish) and was really impressed by the quality, variety, and spiciness to order.
Often neither of these advantages is relevant, and the final-field approach is simpler." My argument is that knowing that you won't need to change your mind in the future involves a degree of prescience.
Also a not very expensive tour (only $5).
Let me know if you need any more information from me to help.
Given URL is not allowed by the Application configuration.: One or more of the given URLs is not allowed by the App's settings.
How can I select multiple files using a part of this code and open the folder at a specific directory?
I ordered and enjoyed the mushroom and swiss, but I came in on a mission.
not sure about that last one) so that part is a bit of a guessing game.\n\nOverall, the positives outweigh the negatives.
They have a decent selection of restaurants and shops, many a Starbuck, and a good place for a massage.
I honestly have never had a complaint about their food.
How can I accomplish the work on an Apple Watch that might be done on an iPhone by getting a from an ?
I went with a simple apple selection.
The problem as I see it is that the view login_form is designed to cater for everything (forgotten passwords, captchas, etc) in one.
Other times we go to Flying Biscuit and get a light meal.
My only gripe is that it is a little over priced.
My favorites were the Sunken Garden, the Rose Garden, and the Thai Temple Garden.
Just make null-checking logic inside getter: Please also see this answer <a href="
So an would not be usable as a .
So, either: Start the progress one time, before starting the and stop it at of last asyncTask Or Move the for loop inside as @StackOverflowUser stated
Yes they gave a full bar.
Or something closer to your question: Result:
The wait ayah was friendly and inciting and my food was tremendously delicious.
\n\nOur waitress gave great recommendations and was totally enthusiastic about the menu.
Do not extend Activity class in AppPreferences.
Germs ain't got nothin' on you.
Below I provided my observations from where my question arised.
Very generous portion sizes, and unbelievable value (2 large pieces of toro for $5 is unheard of!
This question may give you some context:
I can't have much sugar and was given a cute little pitcher of hot sugar free chemical juice o drizzle on it - perfect.
Any help would be greatly received.
That caused by module configuration cached.
In response to mattjgalloway's comment, I'm simply trying to load a big image in a background thread.
The service was attentive and friendly.
So I decided to put HTML page inside iframe.
if I set TVS_HASLINES and TVS Here's what it looks like (can't post images WTF?) Should I manually draw more of the lines in response to NM_CUSTOMDRAW or something?
From what I remember, it was cash-only, so if you go out make sure to have the moneys on you!
My only complaint is that they don't send you a receipt via email or shipping confirmation.
If you serialize an object, its class definition (and the assembly it's in) is also being serialized.
But since you've put on the left-hand side of the (string concatenation) operator, the array is in scalar context, and arrays in scalar context evaluate to their size.
If I use computeVertexNormals(), it is fixed.
This location is ideal, right in the city center.
Try this in both of the divs...
Isn't there a sidebar block you can position the contact details in?
Fortunately, I love townie dive bars, and therefore, was comfortable with this.\n\nWe each ordered a beer on tap from the nice, older lady who was bartending, (PBR and Leinie's, if I remember correctly) and paid something like $3 total.
We use two standard DOM properties/functions here and to get and set vertical offset of the window ( is used to keep horizontal offset the same).
How could the music be more appropriate?\nBeen going here since the eighties.
Weird SQL Server stored procedure behaviour - different results between asp.net and Management Studio We have a stored procedure that’s used to populate a SSRS Report.
By doing that, every user recieves a differently sorted list, whenever he requests your site (at least as long as the session does not expire).
Right before you call this function, add this line.
How to extract the result of a query from JSON inside a custom javascript function in OrientDB I created a custom javascript function in the OrientDB Studio.
There is quite a list: NStub TestGen.Net NunitGenAddIn ($$) KellerMan NUnit Test Generator Pex MSTest - fair enough this is not NUnit, but it does generate tests and should be "considered"
\n\nI think it was the hot fudge.
And an assortment of dessert items.\n\nGreat service with a smaller-sized dining area that helps keep the meal intimate.\n\nI've not been here for a meal other than brunch, but I will absolutely do so and let you know.\n\nNote: Check their website for the Oktoberfest schedule.
My mouth celebrated the rich flavors and varied textures of the dishes.
The TextView actually lives on a secondary layout.
I came here for the first time and was so happy they could customize my bagel to be healthy by making it skinny (cutting a chunk out of the middle making it thinner) and using egg whites.
I know I'm way late to this party but, I think I understand this request to mean that you just want to pass in some properties and generate your query based on those dynamic properties.
I smelled them them minute I walked in.
However, the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone.
The staff are very friendly and they have given me a discount and free food when they are running very late, but they are often running very late.
Get the product of a list using java Lambdas How do you get the product of a array using java Lambdas.
the staff is pretty get-in-get-out-get-going style.
Small kids will love the chef act!\n\nMake reservations!
On other systems, get the source, usage &amp; docs here:
In order to access the class member also called myVar, you need to explicitly use "this->".
Salon Cercone is a true Shadyside gem.
and it's really hard to get it nice and thin.\n\nI like how the seating works too because you order and then sit down..
Professional, friendly service with a great cut and amazing highlights.
Thank you Marriott for another good experience.
You will not be disappointed in the service.
(subversion, egit, ...) code completion debugging other things (plugins) Eclipse against other IDEs: Platform independent Free with complete functionality
They have valet parking which is great because it takes the stress out of trying to find parking.\n\nUpon entering I almost fainted at the smells and views of this place.
I've kept for a secret long enough.
The term does not necessarily imply that the samples are contiguous in the data stream.
Enterprise Library Unity vs Other IoC Containers What's pros and cons of using Enterprise Library Unity vs other IoC containers (Windsor, Spring.Net, Autofac ..)?
Global variable is not showing result inside a ajax call Here index is a global variable.
They made the process so easy, not to mention everyone in their office was so nice and accommodating!
I am sure there is something stupid that I am missing but I can't seem to find what that is...
Is there a way to configure my build path to do this?
How to run tests with maven twice?
I removed jsr311-api-1.1.1.jar and it worked fine.
I happened to glance at the table next to us and saw the breakfast burrito.
Recently enjoyed a great meal while celebrating our wedding anniversary.
The dance floor was spacious and there were so many places to go if you grew tired of dancing!
Go to the new site, Admin > Tools > Import, and import what you exported.
Because I'm a big guy who likes to eat I get the double meat, spring roll and drink combo.
Form errors are added through form_set_error() , which stores them in an static array according to the form field name, you can access that through form_get_errors() .
My daughter said to us \""wow, were at a party\"".
Now i want to build this application not in debug mode, and to run it on another computer.
The jazz shows are a nice touch, the prices are very reasonable, and the staff is always friendly.
It isn't exactly close to the downtown area, but like I said- free shuttles will take you there and pick you up.
It's not like having a huge burger, but I've never found myself wanting more.
If statement checking if current date equals string date trying to retrieve users from an ArrayList that string bookingdate equals the current date.
It is possible we will stop on our way back!
I have always bee a fan of the big burrito restaurants.
In addition to what @abarnert said, I today had to find out that the default utility on Mountain Lion uses a different archive format per default (not sure which), even with the man page stating it would use the old cpio/odc format.
Grilled meats and daily seafood specials (try the prawns) are available and also an excellent choice, but the burger is easily the main event.
The fries and barbeque wings were just as good.
I love the way their booths are sectioned, it makes you feel like you are in your own little world with draperies over you, check it out guys!
Query example: Error: Unable to parse filterExpr: name eq 'brian's' at parse (/node/api/node_modules/breeze-mongodb/mongoQuery.js:108:19) at MongoQuery._parseUrl (/node/api/node_modules/breeze-mongodb/mongoQuery.js:29:26) at new MongoQuery (/node/api/node_modules/breeze-mongodb/mongoQuery.js:21:10) at getVideos (/node/api/api.js:102:19) at callbacks (/node/api/node_modules/express/lib/router/index.js:161:37) at param (/node/api/node_modules/express/lib/router/index.js:135:11) at pass (/node/api/node_modules/express/lib/router/index.js:142:5) at Router._dispatch (/node/api/node_modules/express/lib/router/index.js:170:5) at Object.router (/node/api/node_modules/express/lib/router/index.js:33:10) at next (/node/api/node_modules/express/node_modules/connect/lib/proto.js:190:15) Are apostrophes not supported?
Sometimes there are a few tourists and foreigners with accents as well (preferably hot).
This made it easier for the program to handle leap years and caused no harm to almost all date calculations in Lotus 1-2-3.
How to add onclick dynamically in Jquery?
So instead, use the "?:" notation.
I wish the city would take the time to modernize the concourses themselves.
I'm also a huge fan of their potatoes for breakfast and especially with their gravy.
\n\nFirst, she made excellent suggestions on the cocktail (mimosa) and she helped us decide on the rest of the meal.
Again, a lot of data will be put on this table.
Unable to create directory Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=513 "You don’t have permission to save the file “today.docx” in the folder “bulltin”." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/tmp/bulltin/today.docx, NSUnderlyingError=0x1702498a0 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=1 "Operation not permitted"}} This is the code for creating the directory:
So I created a new branch on the site.
No, CDH4 is not meant mainly for YARN.
A drink machine is available, but I see many folks bring a small cooler with drinks and a snack for all-day pool lounging.\n\nOutdoor pools are only open Memorial Day to Labor Day, far too short for the Carolina summer, but when you have the chance, do go and enjoy.
Turns out I can't upload images to heroku.
anyway i can pass them into it?
Since I knew I'd likely be eating in a few hours I opted to just eat a plain piece of cheese pizza to hold me over.
You can configure IntelliJ to use a lot of different application containers, but each of them must be downloaded and installed separately.
Can I include sub-config files in my mercurial .hgrc?
I stopped by Bado's on a recent Wednesday for an early dinner with a friend.
I'm not against solutions where you have to expand them or they open a floating element that displays the content either.
They have different daily specials for each day of the week.
I've used this great plugin by @Vince in the past: which seems to work fine until the window this is all running in IS ITSELF an iframe and focus is somewhere on the outermost page.
Does a row take up memory based on the size of its declared columns, even if the fields are null?
I would recommend the calamari steaks (but don't take left overs home, they don't save well) and for the sushi, try the one that has \""Pacific or Pacifica\"" in the name (sorry, I can't remember what it's called).
Other than the M & M's, it lacked chocolate (I had assumed that the ice cream would be chocolate ice cream with peanut butter swirls), which was disappointing since I was looking for more of a chocolate peanut butter combo.
Also if user visits URL e.g.
How to set current spinner text without changing associated selection list items I have a Spinner with some values When the user choose he can input a custom value in a dialog, assuming that I get this value as .
Noise/distortion after doing filters with vDSP_deq22 (biquad IIR filter) I'm working on a DSP class (obj-c++) for Novocaine , but my filters only seem to cause noise/distortion on the signal.
For security, these may not be equal to each other.
Scrolling a Gallery with buttons I have a Gallery whose Adapter creates several LinearLayout instances.
I have been to this hometown buffet multiple times, a lot for family holidays.
As can be seen through Right click -> view page source.
And in this case, it actually took down with it what went before.
Girasole is probably my favorite restaurant in the Walnut St.
and are never , actually, unless your server is configured to execute files as , you won't be able to retrieve anything inside .
Events are raised, delegates are called.
It's not like BevMo so don't expect to save a lot on a six pack but if you're interested in sampling and trying out different craft or imported beer it's the place.
Found this interesting interview question: You need to display the sales data for your division for the past 5 years in a DataGrid on a Web Form.
Yes it is a good approach.
I just moved to Pittsburgh and used Yelp to pick MCN Salon.
But there is a huge difference between popular movies and film.
I made a reservation for three on a Tuesday night at 7.
The biggest downside to the airport is finding enough charging outlets in the airport.
Rose, the bartender, was quick to ask us what we wanted to drink.
Something doesn't right within me if there is no corn bread to accompany BBQ.
Could anyone explain this along with some examples?
A fragment should be a part of activity.
My friend had taken photos for Pittsburgh Magazines Blog, and demanded I go and try it.
I know that is a highly debatable topic, but when people from the North Shore bother to go to south hills to a little hole in the wall place with no parking and hardly any room to eat inside, you know it's good.
It uses a dictionary consisting of 2,7 million words from Polish language.
By default VS will set the maximum degree of parallelism to your number of processors.
The salad was solid as well.
You will see the symbols that you specified as as undefined (capital u), except in that library or object file where is it indeed defined (i.e., declared without the clause).
protected override void OnLoad(Eventargs e) { ...
Well, this was only my second visit to the chicken box and.both times I left with a fullness in the stomach and an air of satisfaction.
is a useful tool, but in this case it's not the best one.
Not trying to be something it's not, but still offering unique, quality beer from around the world.
I was able to make my deal through emails.
So you can make service to stop after the last client said unbind(); For details check docs [2]: android.content.ServiceConnection, int)
You can use this awk using same regex as provided by OP :
I also got it colored once by her, too; just an all-over so I guess it's hard to mess that up, but I had no complaints!\n\nIf I hadn't moved I'd still be going!
I understand if they discontinued the punch card concept, but at least honor the ones that are still in circulation!
Codeigniter is generating this on its own.
In jvectormap is there a way to show individual us states on page load?
In the end, that's what is most important to me.
It turned out that it's hard for the particular store location to make adjustments if it's been more than a few days.
Not knowing, nor doing my homework before I showed up, I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.
Well, needless to answer the comments, as the code worked beautifully after I opened the project up this morning.
Lift, sniff, pack a bag for home.
You can do something like :
The complicated statement with and allows us to create this 3D matrix of points very easily.
There's a reward every 50 - I just earned a free pint - and you get the benefit of trying a ridiculously wide selection of beers and learning more about what the craft has to offer.
If you are using webstorm then always run it's webstorm.sh in file as follows.
I could tell that the chicken tenders were made from scratch and the avocado egg rolls were pretty good!
I was surprised to find that she was using Barber Clippers rather than the Stylist Clippers with guards that are used in Florida.
I was in Pittsburgh since yesterday from out of town on business.
It was really nice to see it so lively and bustling with a ton of people.
This is logical, since disables this.
They can accommodate large groups and are willing to make special orders.
Don't get me wrong, they aren't the greatest steak place.
Now on to the hotel itself, it is gorgeous!
UPDATE: Here is the proof that this regex works: Outputs:
I ate here this past weekend with my husband and a large group of friends.
Mostly because I had peviously shelled out my liver for the previous Dr.
\n\nCollard Greens: I've had collard greens before, and this was good as most.
Had my birthday dinner here with a group of 13 and it was great!
I feel like I can trust their input.\n\nThey most recently repaired a tire for me that a larger chain store in town insisted was beyond repair.
No installation: Be able to run the software from a USB stick without having to copy anything to the host machine.
The service was amazing, from our waitress, to even the owner coming out to make sure everything was ok.
and underneath in four little piles were surprises of carrot, pasta, cabbage, and another Item I have forgotten.
It tries to encode the string to ASCII, and the second parameter tells it to ignore characters that it can't convert (all Unicode chars) instead of throwing an exception as it would normally do without that second parameter, so it returns a string with only the chars that could successfully be converted, thus removing all Unicode characters.
Good beer specials, including $1.50 pints of Point on Fridays.
There's room for improvement but it's everything I'd look for if I was looking for a locally owned, non-chain Mexican restaurant.\n\nWe did have a service oops.
It's actually spicy minced sausage (greasy as hell) with all sorts of goodies on it....
Mine keeps crashing I've created a simple record keeping application using various resources around the internet.
MySQL REPLACE rows WHERE field a equals x and field b equals y I'm trying to construct a 'new comments' feature where the user is shown the number of new comments since the last visit.
He was also helpful to us at various points throughout the meal - for example, four of us began with the Insalata di Rucola (split two salads between four people, and they came on separate plates).
I still buy Keys coveralls from this place for under thirty bucks.
I said Hi and he looked confused.....sooo before I placed my order I decided to give him some customer service 101......GREET!!
The potatoes that came with my trout was pretty sweet like maple.
Terminate/Close Last Activity Can you show and explain me how to close the last activity/class that you open In Android.
I am trying to make it display data from the tickets table and the customer notes table in datetime order.
It's delicious and so much better for you than beef.
My models: Given my models, I have a view that displays a table of advisors: I would like to display the students each advisor advises.
The time I get is this: It is very wrong times when I know that times are quite different.
before Triggering the animation event Rebind the Animator.
And that's a good thing for HOG.\n\nTheir fried rice is amazing as always, I usually get the Shrimp or Combination and the entire staff there is friendly.
The problem is that as long as the direct reference is not there, won't get deployed.
Each object in the collection has a timestamp, from which I want to extract a date (Ymd), and put each distinct date in a new collection.
It's impossible to install Installer 3.0 there.
If you want to simulate a function return with this mechanism, you need to capture and resend the value: Bash functions return an exit status, and this works as you might expect (as long as you expect 0 to be success).
Our server Brittany was so nice and helpful!
PS - I cannot use C# Attributes and Unobtrusive validation for very good reasons (these are code snippets).
To get the next object, first filter to get all objects with a higher priority: then order the results by priority: finally select the first item in the queryset: Putting it together: Getting the previous object is similar, but you need to order in reverse: Note that can return if there are no objects in the queryset (in your case, that means the current object has the highest or lowest priority in the list).
Curious about Format function with Phone Number UPDATE (SOLVED): I used the following code to format a phone number in a loop with various formats: I need to format phone numbers two slightly different ways.
I have a collection of small popup widgets that appear in various places, but only one of each and one at a time.
i'm a firm believer in absence makes the heart grow fonder, so i'll just wait until the next time i'm in the area to have another.\n\nthe treats here are definitely worth taking the next week off to exercise and detox on veggies (as i sit here, eating broccoli).
You can stretch an image while preserving the aspect ratio of a portion of that image using slicing.
What I want to do is also have a heading and a smaller image to animate on top of each of those 3 images.
My TYPO3 extension's plugin is not visible in the backend I am new to TYPO3 , I started by creating my own extension using Extbase , the extension was successfully created and I could include it into the template of my site , now when I try to include its plugin to a page ..
So I need to set some binding dynamically.
Definitely more of a take-out place.
Awesome dessert options too so save room!
I hate to sound corny and easy to please but the thumbprints are to die for.
I was so surprised by this place - it's one of those Bloomfield gems that I was very happy to discover.
I tested this code with Data class with only one string (128 bytes).
The service at Lidia's is incomparable, always making you feel like the king or queen of the room.
If you have room for desert def get the banana cake, I am a banana pudding fanatic so the cake was right up my alley!
In your second code, you add a call to , probably from a , that does throw .
I am trying the following code: However, I the condition is not being triggered (as confirmed by the fact that my print statement is not happening).
No errors is reported in the chrome dev tools.
Best way to store / retrieve this data in IOS ( a single word and a path to a file ) I know there are probably many ways to do this.
The covered outdoor seating area is convenient if you happen to be a smoker or have smokers in your party.
The way the concierge at the hotel spoke of it, it sounded like it was going to be expensive and busy.\n\nBut I was pleasantly surprised to see entrees that weren't too expensive and a very comfortable atmosphere!
It's also the best burger in the USA.
The service isn't the best but it's usually because they are verrrry busy.
No gym or pool but free continental breakfast daily is sufficient for me.
Are there any ways to do this?
We ended our dining experience with a bowl of green tea ice cream, so, so wonderfully delicious.
This is a sampler dish with three different pastas prepared and served at your table.
The capistrano task create_symlink calls try_sudo by default.
My confusion is how to make the code know when to direct to the habit partial or the value partial based on whether it's a habit or value.
If time isn't an issue implementing OAuth security may be useful.
What do i do to fix these problems?
Why is this the case that an empty class without any values already needs 220 bytes for saving itself?
Hooters sauces are notoriously non-spicey (and I'm a big wuss when it comes to spice).
The difference is in what matches.
Maybe I'll have another class (let's say Group) which will also have a OneToMany of PostEntity (like the one in Semester) So, how do I write this SQL query as a JPQL one ?
I have a MS SQL DB with a field of type varchar(255).
What should be the correct regex?
Server made good, honest suggestions about the menu and checked on us throughout the night.
Three stars for the food, and an extra for the great margaritas;\n\nFood-wise, I left full but don't remember being too impressed based on the number on the receipt, but the service I had was good.\n\nThey've got a wide selection of tequilas to fit you budget or tastes, and the mix was pretty good, too.
Others are competitive with what you might find at Wal-Mart.\n\nI was impressed with the decent selection of pet food products, including a 50 pound bag of the same dog food I usually get at Petsmart but $10 cheaper.\n\nSo yes, I joined.
Line 14 below uses the object propery 'AvGen.eyes.currEyesNr', but instead I want to use the one for the clicked button.
Looking over the menu, I noticed some classics and some distinct choices.
If you don't try get the methods out first by using: After you found out your method, get the signature so it's easier for you to do a search on it.
I managed to narrow down to a neat and comfy pair of chairs with a foot rest and matching side table.
If you are looking for an old door, tile or quirky part for a home project this is the place to go.
Alternatively, when making changes to the , you can get the model directly from the , casting if necessary:
Best pizza in the North Side by far.
Although it is suitable for printing, it is not especially good for performing the operation you want to perform.
Hiding table content using Media Queries I Have been using media queries to use responsive CSS and currently I am trying to hide certain table content when viewed on 480px.
The original family sold it about a year ago and the new owners are following right in their footsteps.
This page uses one .css and I want to use my own version of that .css instead of the original one or just replace part of the original with mine (by using the original and then overwriting it with my version)..
And everything is very smokey flavored, which, for me, is a very good thing.
Hence the output was not as expected.
Unfortunately I am using a library that only supports POCOs, ie plain old clr objects or DataTables.
I hate when I walk into a store and cannot find anything I want.
Seeing all those people buzzing in there enticed me.
Deallocate the memory only when all timessteps have finished.
However I don't want my new donuts find going out of business anytime soon.
Usually it start working again after some time (i have absolutely no clue of why is it so).
Basically I have two pages and each page has a list.
Though I just spent a couple minutes here while my husband was browsing, I loved the old fashioned vibe.
Yes, the town that is best known for its love of football and binge drinking once had a restaurant that sold crepes that were practically transcendent, stuffed with anything you could imagine.
The Penn Mac is a landmark in Pittsburgh.
UPDATE: Found a workaround answer which might not be the best solution.
Fresh bread great pasta and Olive for days.
However, I've been presented with the following reasoning: Who cares?
Now on entering the drawFrame() for the 2nd frame, the RectMVMatrix will have the animated value of first frame e.g.
\n\nThe sales Team was helpful and polite without rushing even when the store was full.
If you need a wash dry and fold place head to Kim's on Monday.
I'm wondering what exactly this means for writing portable applications.
Similar to a flight booking, if the passenger really intends to cancel, something a little more definitive is required than clicking "decline" in Outlook.
What you described is essentially the Model-View-Controller paradigm used by most web application frameworks.
\n\nIf you're a visitor coming for a Steelers game, that doesn't need 5 star accommodations, then I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out.
But with 1.4, they have deprecated and set an option in for expiration date.
\n\nWhen I first told one of my friends about this dessert, he told me that the thought of it made him Krispy Kreme his pants.
Boot camp is NOT a pre-requisite for any course.
Does anyone know what is causing that or, even better, what must be done to prevent it?
It's an Outlook 2013 addin in VSTO.
\n\nKorean barbecue ribs - Fall off the bone.
When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.
Luckily, we're pretty easy going, and generally happy to take a proprietor's advice on what's good.
The bitchy people next to us were treated a lot nicer than they deserved.
The only thing I found annoying was that there were only like 8 hangers.
run to verify that device is connected
Geonames has indexed all the geotagged Wikipedia articles and has a service to search it.
Sorry for not being a pro at typing codes here.
I was first introduced to Korean food my freshman year in college.
Classes are limited to certain amounts due to space, but everyone sits after and enjoys the food they've prepped.
The one and only thing I would say was so so was the guacamole, it was still good but could use a revamp on the recipe...
It fails silently, without error message, acting like the command is being ignored.
I took some family there that were visiting from out of town and we were sat upstairs in that room with the band and we couldn't have a conversation the whole time.
So when i fill in answer 1, but leave answer 2 empty.
I other words, I want to check a cell in A1, if part of this cell value contains a name listed in my range of surnames, return the surname that A1 include in B1.
When a fact table has a integer value and string value respectively and also has some foreign table's keys.
Withing a moment of parking on the line, an attendant did a quick inspection of the car and printed my receipt.
Updated solution using non-equi joins: Recently, non-equi joins were implemented in the current development version of data.table, v1.9.7 .
Now you have lots of choices for how to get the genre item back to your detail table view controller.
So if management want something good and fast - it is not going to be cheap.
Will be missed greatly once I graduate!
Free shuttle to and from the airport.
Always enjoy coming to The Elbow Room.
But then again, I also thought Dos Res was awesome.
SIP response codes are splitted in 6 classes : — request received, continuing to process the request; Provisional responses, also known as informational responses, indicate that the server contacted is performing some further action and does not yet have a definitive response.
Now, my question: If I am running Node.js and PHP in the same server and if the user visits my website, the request goes to nodejs script running in my server.
I could only eat 1 1/2 before being stuffed like the Thanksgiving turkey.
How do I create as many s (with unique names) as the number of times the button is pressed?
The food is decent, but not that great.
But, then you feel guilty because you should really tip these guys.
\nWhenever I'm looking for a place to hang out with my friends and catch up, the wine vault always comes to mind FIRST.
We had the House Lo Mein, Beef and Broccoli, Fried Green Beans, and a Cucumber salad.
By default a 64bit app automatically uses the 64bit registry location; same thing for 32 bit (of course that can be programmatically modified - at least for 64bit apps).
Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable.
So really, whether you're looking for good service or good sub sandwiches (is that really a choice?), Peppi's is a great selection.
Is this possible with a custom page template?
Big portions, affordable prices, excellent tasting....just the way Chinese food is meant to be.
All syrups should be served warm and they are here, bonus!\nMy son had the crepe Florentine (yes, he's weird) and a hot chocolate and both were delicious.
If not, how can I create a script that executes one time on instance creation?
Here's a transcript of the conversation that exemplifies small-town America (at it's quirky best):\nMe: I thought you closed at 4!\nHer: Nope, we used to, but we stay open until 5.\nMe: But the door says 4...\nHer: Yep, but we like to stay open in case someone wants something.\nMe: So, you're only open this week?\nHer: Nope, every week.
Accessing a controller from a external library file codeigniter I have added a external library controller in " application/libraries/Validate_login.php ".
Once you enter the doors of pancake heaven you are greeted with friendly staff and the delicious smells of pancakes and meat on the griddle and other various breakfast aromas.
\n\nThe normal restaurant operation is a good amount less hectic.
My idea is to have xml file which at the beginning is empty and then fill it by data from database and then import it somehow in applicationContext.
We both had plenty to put in a box and take home for a late-night snack or lunch tomorrow.
I tried like How to read through collection in chunks by 1000 ( to avoid memory overflow because collection can be very large ) ?
Good examples are skyboxes and backgrounds.
Not just because of the beer.
Dear Angell Park, even when I don't know who's behind the wheel any more it's still pretty cool to see those guys drive the hell out of that clay track.
The same staff has worked there forever, it seems, and they are more than happy to accommodate you.
I've build a queries which gathered some subset of this data.
BEA used to have a product named JAM that was used to communicate with mainframe COBOL programs.
What I would do is creating a block in layout that should contain boxes and then embed the boxes in page1.twig and page2.twig.
First step should be: If problems are reported, run: If the system is too old for the RCLDBXREF command, use: No "*CHECK" option is available for the older version.
I need to give read/write access for a user to an exactly one repository.
Yay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.
They have everything you need which is very helpful if you forgot something in your rush to the hospital.\n\nOverall, I highly recommend this hospital and Novant Health as a whole.
Can someone provide me some guidance on that?
The service was acceptable for 4AM (friendly but not faked) Tables were clean and prices were good.
In debug are you can find "Simulate location" button 2.You can select one of default locations (here is list) If you need a custom location Create new file : File -> New ->File (Resources tab) GPX file click (at the bottom of locations list) "Add GPX File to workspace" Go to this website and get Latitude and Longitude of a Point that you need.
\n\nThe food itself is almost always excellent.
It's great to have this restaurant in Charlotte, it's very unique and stands out.
Make it clear that a question asked early is far better than a missed deadline because he didn't understand something.
Waitstaff was friendly and this was more of a large family gathering than a bar.
\n\nThe waitress was kind and attentive and the atmosphere was laid back.
Plenty of outdoor seating when the weather is warm
As a sidenote: Amazon doesn't really report the correct error.
Best spring rolls I've ever eaten!\nHIGHLY recommended!\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
Thanks to you both, you were indeed correct Ken, I had read this similar post a lot of times, and somehow didnt understand the answer within: After reading what you have posted, I have somehow understood the answer linked above and now understand what my problem was!
No runtime modification of classes, types or objects.
So if there is something you want that is a popular item, you can call and they will hold it for you until you get there!
I highly recommend this choice, what is an extra $20 per person when you are already spending so much?
Also, is it possible in Flask to return just a value, rather than a key value pair?
Sitecore has a special edition that was design for Azure.
This link is for MY_Controller but same principle applies for MY_Model Hope this helps!
We never felt annoyed at their presence or lack thereof.\n\nAs for the price, well, \""If you ain't got no 'monay, take yo broke ass home.\"" (or to another, more fiscally friendly venue, whichever)
There's a lot of questions here.
View drawn under status bar So i managed to load another view when someone presses a button ,but it loads it to high.
\n\nI have a favorite meal from a restaurant at home that they call Louisiana Shrimp and Scallops- and it is JUST like the \""Diane.\"" The sauce that it is in is DELICIOUS!
I have started writing this module in Silverlight and have some of the functionality already created such as loading a list of variables from a DB using a WCF service and copying them to the selected text in the RichTextBox that comes with Silverlight by selecting them.
But again, always code against the spec, not the implementation .
The on_register is a basic module function of ?MODULE.
Friday night in Wisconsin and we couldn't resist the fish fry.
Are there any compiler options which can check this?
So i decided to put each of the forms in it's own threads: I've got couple of questions and i hope someone could explain them: When i use instead of the windows just blink for a second and never shows.
The scientific study of the principles of heredity and the variation of inherited traits among related organisms.
One further reason to try to avoid such a double friend is that it would create a circular dependency between these classes via the signature of .
Alfresco lucene query with PARENT search all children recursively?
It was larger and a tad heavier than I expected and would have appreciated a smaller portion, but the dish was very good nonetheless.
My boyfriend took me out to dinner at Soba Lounge for my birthday last week!
The food at Joe's Rusty nail is GREAT.
How to cancel replica request through softlayer API I have setup of replication, where i have source volume at one site &amp; replica at another site.
How to make a ListView in Windows Phone 8.1 where i can put a handler in each item i choose I'm trying to create a ListView in XAML file by this example: But, how can I handle it if I click in Item 1 to go to other page?
Including the store security guard who helped me find things my first time in the store.
Edit I don't just need the Ids as I wrote in the SQL query, but the whole object.
I must say it's one of the main things I miss about living in Charlotte.
The string that you get is just the JSON Object.toString().
Since we were the only table outside we took our request and sang the best rendition of Al Green's \""Let's Stay Together\"" I've ever heard!
Recognize "Invalid" URLs without Trying to Resolve Them I'm building a Facebook App which grabs the URLs from various sources in a user's Facebook acount--e.g., a user's likes.
The special pork sandwich with mustard, cheese, lettuce, and tomato is mind-bogglingly good, and I have often heard that the turkey with cranberry being referred to as \""Christmas in a bun.\"" You decide.\n\nAND YOU GET A PICKLE!!
Our boss treated some co-workers and myself to lunch here last week (one of my colleagues was leaving) and had a terrific time.
The food definitely sold us.\n\nDavid was phenomenal, very friendly, professional and extremely helpful in helping us plan the event.
international chars in tcl/tk can't be handle I use tcl shellicon command to extract icons, as it mentioned on wiki page below, there are some international character problems in it, then I write some code to test but it doesn't work, could anyone to help me correct it.
From all the examples I can see for this version (not the version that creates the Bootstrap.cs file that is then called from Global.asax) I am doing what others have done with no love from Unity.
Is there a better way to write the above query?
See that the margins and paddings are correct.
I haven't been there for dinner but I would definitely return for lunch.
I don't know much about registry editing and I know next to nothing about the inner working of windows and how the overlays actually get requested/delivered.
Anyway, the waiters here always hook me up and it's very romantic and lovely.
My spoon may have found it's way into that pile up and I was impressed.
My car broke down the other night and a friend told me I should have it towed to Buffalo Tire.
i.e.: You will also need to make sure that none of the rr,gg,bb values end up outside the 0..255 interval: ...
Love those mid-afternoon pick-me-up milk shakes.\nNot a coffee drinker, but this is a very popular coffee place, offering many different flavors.\nThe Mrs.
The same instance of collectionView is swapped in using region.show instead of creating new instance for collectioView everytime.
Excerpt from the method that sets up the GUI (just to give you an idea):
so i downloaded excel_reader2.php from following link link when I inserted this into my code i got following Error: My code is: So after searching in Google I got link that is After Following this also i am getting same error.
Friendly service by the mostly college student/artsy young person staff.
You have to add your activity in AndroidManifest.xml .
This hidden gem, tucked away in the corner of Market Square in downtown Pittsburgh, offers more than just coffee.
All I need to be able to do is get the client token and use as a variable in my app.
My current XAML code of the in the project:
This is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood.
How do I call a powershell function from executable code within the same script?
Hence needs to load large amounts of data for pattern matching.
As I was finishing up, an older gentleman, seemingly a \""regular,\"" came in and was greeted warmly by the waitstaff.
I would not say the place is dirty (because it's not), but I hope they wash their hands after touching that cash register.\n\nThe Lebanese dinners are really special, as when we went, Sam's wife was there and talked to us about the food and culture of Lebanon, really making us feel welcome.
She recommended a very good bottle of Pinot Noir at a reasonable price point which was a nice addition to the meal.\n\nExpensive?
Good food, good service, reliable and dependable.
The first call to WinSock select() always results in WSAENOTSOCK and the app bails.
The only thing I cannot get around is that if I upgrade the solution with the page-lib, ctype, page-layout via stsadm everything is updated except the page-layout.
Hubby had Pasta Trio and was satisfied.
Significant restrictions exist for RCLSTG, so be sure to read the command [Help].
We small chatted & she literally read our minds and brought us 2 glasses of water.
Corn cob pipe (merely for style)\n12.
But due to the strange design of the class itself, it's hard to properly access it in EL, so you'll ineed need to resort to old school scriptlets .
I'm a fan.\"" And I am, because this is one of my go-to restaurants.
And following is the function that writes the data to the tag.
Your notions about "the downside" and "lookups" and "efficiency" presume implementation aspects without justification.
Suppose is 16 bits, is 32 bits, and integer representations are typical (2's-complement for signed types, no padding bits).
Cajun shrimp butter was fantastic too!
It was a very large, divey, unattractive hole-in-the-wall as you would correctly surmise from the Blatz sign.
I also want to display results to the user whilst typing, so when I have only typed "c" yet, I want to show the user both the "car" and "Camera" GridItems.
\n\nThey have a beautiful back patio and a station with coffee and tea out all the time.
Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties.
Again, when you order from the menu, this is not an issue.
( unlike the jagoff's at lowes and home depot)\nSupport Local !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Any help on how I could use anchor tags to change the partial being loaded in on click would be great.
What you are referring in Java is called anonymous inner class - you are actually declaring a one-time derived class inline.
After using easy_install xlwt, xlwt will import into the python 2.7 interpreter/shell, but not the python 3.4 interpreter/shell.
Does anybody of you know a good, free delphi skinning library for my software?
UIBezierPath set context I'm trying to draw some lines using in an overlay renderer.
Does anyone know how to do this?
To do this check after if is set.
The approach I'm leaning towards is creating a separate config and getting the msi artifacts of all the previous builds that fit the criteria (tag or version number).
There is a chocolate chocolate cake that they heat up with homemade whipped cream that is TO DIE FOR.
If using an external agent to assign ports is not possible, the simplest technique is to just attempt a call to a random port in the range.
Is there any difference between the following two snippets of code (other than syntax obviously)?
Son absolutely loved watching the planes land & take off.
When I run the query using MongoChef (and using the shell) I get the results in 22ms But when my app runs the same query it takes about 2.5mins to return answer (this is not due to network problems).
I am a big fan of Carnitas and it is always hard to find decent Carnitas in the chex-mex dominated \""mexican\"" food places around my place in queens.
it's a street side old convenience store looking place by the airport, completed with the \""Pepsi\"" store sign that says Dixie Grill & Grocery.
The reason why I am giving it only 4 stars is because my steak was not done the way I requested and our waitress had zero personality.
The idea is that when Beaglebone detects something from enviroment sends it to web server, and if connection is lost for some reason BBB stores the log in it's own database.
Create the "child" table to cascade the delete from the referenced "parent" table.
My go to spot when I just want to relax with some friends.
Wife had a hibachi craving, and fellas, we all know how that goes...best to say, yes dear and ask where, and the \""when\"" is immediately.
I search on internet but all are using the already created process or word list generated from documents ?
So my advice is go on Tuesday if you can!
Equivalent to DirectInput for Windows Store Apps?
And when customer click next page, other 50 or 100 data will be shown.
If I do this, then the edited task goes off screen and gantt doesn't expand dynamically.
The main advice I have is to just check their website as they have some oddly specific hours during which they are open to the public for skating.
Stains on the carpet and the walls were damaged and marked up.
The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.
When I entered, the hostess asked me if I preferred sitting in the bar area.
We had the Vegetarian Pub Fries to start, which was a large helping of french fries smothered in cheese and avocado with a side of ranch.
The restaurant-going public at large has gotten used to dining where choosing an entree entitles you to choose soup or salad, a vegetable and a starch.
This is partially true: the expressions in your code do call to allocate memory and does indeed call .
It is a package to be able to use and in .NET 4.0 projects.
I have to admit that the Bobcats are a very far distant second team for me behind the Celtics.
The error I have is TableViews [2050: f803] Illegal start of token [h] Here is my code
the general logic, would be to use the API of whatever you're interfacing with.
I've been through this airport numerous times throughout more than a decade my traveling back and forth between where I live and Boston to see my dad.
I wanted ice cream so my husband pulled off the highway at this Culver's.
\n\nAfter they took our coats, we were seated on the 2nd teir looking across to the waterfall wall...
Any idea if I can cancel the current GPU rendering and start a new one.
I am using codeigniter and the language is determine by the session.
Strange comparison, I know.) and more of those yummy crisp green beans.
As far as my decade of experience goes here, all of the food is good.
I wish I could get one right now...
No string concatenation doesn't do any changes for localization, only String format does.
Hunspell is likely the most famous spell checker around: There are multiple versions of hunspell, but Aspell is an alternative:
This specifies that the colors should be controlled by applying a colormap to a single variable.
My daughter's sesame shrimp was also delicious (she let me have a bite) although she thought it was a little too sweet.\n\nStaff was quick to refill drinks throughout the meal, and our total bill for dinner was $38 - a relative bargain considering we had two appetizers, two entrees and multiple refills on my daughter's soda.
Throw in a tall German beer and it's like being 21 all over again.
I know, I know most brunches are breakfast foods only, and this place is no exception.
will what the user is sending to the server malicious and intended to break/break into my application Business validation, which should happen in your business logic, and should be about maintaining valid, consistent values.
Even if you're not a fan of this style of pizza, Brixx is a cool place to have a decent meal.
What is the best way of maintaining such data?
Does anyone know the option to change the color of that link?
The problem was that the work order number did not exist.
If you want to print all words except the first then:
$('.content > hr') to increase performance a bit and prevent it from replacing ALL the hr's on your page)
\n\nAnother Chicago fav is the pizza puff.
If you are selling small quantities of high cost software in a vertical market, IMHO, a good license protection mechanism makes sense, and hardware dongles work well.
Need a way to pick a common bit in two bitmasks at random Imagine two bitmasks, I'll just use 8 bits for simplicity: The 2nd, 4th, and 6th bits are both 1.
The problem with is that it's not particularly useful in either context.
\n\nFor dessert we ordered some ice cream with peach schnapps topped with raspberry.
And steer clear of the Carolina Blond beer yuck.
Though I understand he is located next to a primantis, and this is pittsburgh.\n\nFantastic value, great guy.
I dig their thai curry soup.
I also tried with an other Apple computer - same problem.
Rails : get authenticity token from inside a controller I need to do a POST to another controller from inside a prior controller, how do I get the value for the authenticity_token from inside a controller?
You'll need to update the include lines in index.php to point to the correct location.
As a Select Guest member, my Wifi internet connection was free (the hotel otherwise charges $9.95) and the connection was decent.
I've scored a few Victory and Rogue bottles there, so it is definitely not just the leftovers.
split a comma separated string in a pair of 2 using php I have a string having 128 values in the form of : I want to pair in the form of : so that I can make a for loop for 64 data using PHP.
They put dry ice in your glass before they pour your drink so the drink actually starts to bubble and puff up whisps of smoke which is so cool.
Then, since this gradient will increase the contour width, apply a morphological thinning.
Whether the place was crowded or less busy, there was no variation in the high quality of food and the speed and friendliness of service, a rare accomplishment.
We go hear often to cheer on the Panthers.
I just thought that my current way of inserting data is very resource consuming because it always calls the stored procedure in the server as long as there are rows in the datatable.
The food is very inexpensive and it has the best french toast in town.
This review will be for all my lunch experiences which have generally been pretty good so, 4 Stars.
util/utf8/...", all test targets were skipped.
no background music (on Galaxy S4 and no background pics are shown ), and what I click I see report error message so application crushes..
But first, I would try it using blocking, just so you get the semantics of HTTP out of the way.
I was expecting to pay more, but I definitely came out of there with more money in my pocket than I needed to, but that is one sure fired way to make sure that a person returns to your establishment.
Full disclosure: I'm freaking hate Italian sausage.
You can use method of the stream .
Here's why:\n\nMonday: 2.25 bud lights 4 dollars Smirnoff \n4.99 lunch- double cheeseburger\n\nTuesday: 2 well liquors 2 dollar drafts, $1 TACOS\n\nWednesday: Trivia night, 2.25 bud lights, 2 wells\n4.99 lunch- pepperoni pizza\n\nThursday: lady nights, $4 sangrias\n4.99 lunch- buffalo chicken sandwich\n\nFriday: 22oz beer price of pint\n4.99 lunch- 1-topping pizza\n\nLunch: 11AM-4PM\nHappy Hour: 4-8PM, appetizers are HALF OFF.\n\nThis place is a win if you go on the right day.
The decor is awesome - especially the backlit wall with wine bottles.
took a picture of us and put it on a card.
They found a way to make exposed brick walls and large indsutrial fans classy.\n\nTheir cocktails are absolutely great, at the top of the list is a proper gin martini with an olive or twist.
It was tough to eat this amazing bbq in our car.
The cole slaw was very good; I loved that it didn't have mayo in it and the flavor was great.
I did some research and it looks like I'm looping a loop which causes Angular to "crash" before my browser does.
After the construction, different statements may be sent to these sessions.
\n\nIf you're bopping around the Charlotte club scene, bar scene or you're just looking to try something different, Breakfast Club is a must visit...even if just once per year!
I don't have any experience with the bartenders, as we always sit at a table and eat.\nThe one drawback for me is how it's a bit \""too\"" family friendly for me.
The waitress was not that great but she was young, some things are forgiven if the product is just right.
Assuming none of your file names contain any additional dots other than , then all you need is a single command.
Xcode offers a graphical interface for doing this.
I have a Tab Bar Controller and I have a View Controller where users of the app either create of enter their passwords, lets call it the "Pass View" .
Add this to your css file: Adding that css styles will enable you to see the elements that causes RL to LR swipe because of extra width.
We were having relatives visit us at Shadyside Inn and the staff went out of their way to deliver chairs to our rooms.
Code Example: XML Snippet: Always appreciate the feedback / input.
I have looked into VectorLights RichTextBox plugin and was able to get something going but im not sure if their save does more than just a XAML export and I had issues replacing the selected text with their library.
\n\nThe shrimp \u00e9touff\u00e9e and shrimp diane that we got were both quite good, and the service was pretty decent as well.
Why are both exact same NSString variables behaving so differently when used the exact same way?
Maybe reverse engineer it into windows batch script?
Looking forward to heading back soon.
A fantastic treat that I can't recommend enough.
My friend had Sheppard's Pie and I had a great Burger with Onion Rings, Red Onion, Ri Ra BBQ Sauce and I threw away the bun fo fun and I'm on a diet, so I say.
My trial code goes something like this But this piles up "enabled" and "disabled" attributes in the .
You can get the SBJSON from here
So make sure to check your NSString before sending to initFileURLWithPath method,
When we told him we wanted a beer he asked,\"" Are you good beer drinkers or bad beer drinkers?\"" We laughed.
I think this is one of the best airports in the world, but the new gate check in changes are ridiculous.
I wasn't familiar with using the character to create multiline strings.
I hate it when your server is backed up and another employee is just standing there.
To do so: Javascript Change in to or .
Because is method and must be invoked on instance.
Do you have a solution for me?
Just add this after your Google Analytics script in the header:
For the scenario of overlapping markers, the labels became illegible and so I had to look for a solution or alternative.
In other words, , which is confirmed in your output What do you want it to do?
If you can't make it, this place will do.
I guess so, but that wouldn't be much fun.
drupal 6: using ahah for forms with markup types Why won't the above work?
But say I have many paths or many Web API projects and I want to make this process a little faster.
Like vector based graphics, filters, and components.
Bathrooms are done in marble with large mirrors and glass enclosed showers.
Have you tried to install from composer?
Re : 'how' is this used - one place we are finding this useful is when dealing with java api mappings where is commonplace, e.g.
It is also one of the only entertainment venues that provides ample seating without an extra whack to your wallet.\nVisualite, don't change a thing.
But I had it packed and ate the rest in the next day, it was soooooooo good!
In the apps I work on we have a array of all items and a copy which is the one the datasource refers to.
For this, you'd need to rewrite the whole file.
You must use one transaction component for each query component.
To fit the resulting puzzle in the constraints of an A4 PDF, I am applying the CSS property -webkit-transform: scale(...); This scales the puzzle beautifully, and it is still clearly legible, but for some reason it also pushes the table containing the puzzle to the right.
If I recreate the instance of collection view, it does cause to loose other "on" handles in the code.
I've looked at and a few others but I can't seem to get it right.
I have not personally participated in any of these events, but hope to in 2014.\n\nOccasionally you will see a nice car in the parking lot, which I have come to expect at venues catering to motorsports.
We decided to come here since it was the last of the Big Burrito restaurants that my girlfriend had not tried.
A quick google for how to access gmail with cfpop returned this, useful for connecting with older CFs.
Could someone please help me with this part?
Pushing and popping is definitely not a problem and you dont need a singleton request for it.
It is Lemon Chicken, General Tso's Chicken and Chicken with Vegetables.
\n\nGreat juice bar, salad bar, and hot lunch items.
For example, if , and , this would randomly generate a integer from the set of .
How awesome is that :-) \n\nThe prices can't be beat and you can really find some gems if you search.
moo, cow, sheep, baa (in that order).
it is byob though, which is pretty cool too.\ni ordered the beef pho soup.
Usually this means people with kids, but just as often applies to adults that can't seem to understand the words \""Please don't touch\"".
I mean it is super busy after church, so I wish they would have more people working there.
I have seen that you can use VBA to parse websites and auto logon.
You may want to look unto how the protocol works on Unix.
It's yet another Michael's, and it's a very good one.
\n\nWe are starting to get back our professional photos and the venue photographed beautifully; it was the perfect backdrop, in fact we chose to do our sneak peak in the 1st floor gallery space.
This restaurant is the one that my girlfriend and I benchmark all other restaurants by, and before we go out to eat anywhere else, we have to strongly consider the consequences of NOT going to Louisianne's.
I didn't really know where else to go, so I just stopped here on a whim (it was raining and this was the closest place that seemed to do nails).
If you still need more performance, and you have Parallel Computing Toolbox and a supported NVIDIA GPU, the function can be even faster, especially if you select the philox generator like so:
\n\nPros:\nFree internet\nThose rocking chairs!\nMany quick food options\nGoing through security is usually quick\n\nCons:\nIt has really expanded into a very busy airport, it is way more crowded than it was 4 years ago.
The thread is running,but for some reason it doesn't make the call to UpdateGUI().
I've got a mule flow that queries a SQL-server database and then converts the response to JSON and then writes the JSON comma separated to file.
\n\nThere is plenty of FREE parking in the lot just across the street from Visulite.
Through the best of fortunes, my friend whom I was meeting for lunch works very close to the Market Square location, so we decided to meet there.\n\nI was not disappointed...not in the least!
and Is the performance affected when more bricks/instances are added?
So, basically, the getter returns a string representation of the document's (which is added to all MongoDB documents by default and have a default type of ).
But when I move all the options from SelectBox1 to SelectBox2, it sets the $valid flag to false, which prevents me from moving forward.
I have never had a sandwich quite like that with a coleslaw like substance and fries on it, but I'd gladly eat it again.
Outcome - Problem Solved no issues.
I mean, you could patch Wine to do that, but I get the impression that it would be more work than it's worth.
In my pre-gluten-free life, I would have really enjoyed the extensive beer selection.
You effectively don't throttle the rate for those first calls.
This place is huge, I feel like I'm at some kind of mall or something.
I want to specify the initial vector so I use the following functions : with the byte array INITVECTOR initialised by a 8-byte array.
What is wrong with this short C code I'm trying to scan input, if user types "yes" put "etc" otherwise exit.
My first visit was meant to be a short browse, but it turned into a marathon 2.5 hour shop.
That's what I'm trying to say.
You should be using the attribute for this.
Bradham was the only honest estimate - not overselling a more expensive product, but what we needed for the size of our home and existing ductwork.
A simple C# Statement works unexpected I've got this line of code: While PriceMethod.StoneCost is equal to 25 and AP is equal to 70.
There isn't a Yankees/Mets or Yankees/Red Sox or even a Dolphins/Patriots thing going on.
What I really need to know is what I need to pass into inet_dns:encode() to get a binary I can send out.
I still get up nearly once a week and attempt to chip away at my UFO club membership.
Try doing the select after casting the join result to a list.
Docs: A site that helps you generate strftime code: A guide to I18n / internationalization: guides.rubyonrails.org/i18n.html (thanks @house9)
Anyone who knows me knows that I'm not one for strip clubs.
I recently moved to a new apartment and made a quick run to Whole Foods to stock up on groceries.
In other words, you (the programmer) don't need to deal with the problem because it is already dealt with.
they told us to come right now.\"" \nGreen blazer took off to see what she could manage; we loitered in the foyer, teetering drunk, glazed eyes reeling under the light of the antique chandelier.
And it can be difficult if you aren't familiar with it.
Java public class with public constructor with non-public parameter.
And our server was great, he flawlessly waited on our party of seven's need with just the right balance of attentiveness and subtlety.\n\nFor our group, our server suggested two \""tower\"" appetizers: (4) spicy shrimp lettuce wraps, sweet and sour fried calamari, and 3 crab cakes.
Ray Klavon is the owner and the grandson of the original owner, and this soda fountain is an absolute labor of love.\n\nThere are selections on the menu that you can't find anyplace else...Depression Era Phosphates and also Egg Cremes.
It possible you're not making those calls early enough, and the classes that use them have already been loaded and initialized themselves.
\n\nNice Korean run Place, parking is difficult
The owner was nice to us but doesn't play around!
That is the best it can get.
I gave it four stars because the service was so-so and there was no ice in the water.
The associates are nice and helpful.
It's been a staple for many years and one of two places that I know I'll visit (other than Bojangles) when in NC.
He gave me a 10$ discount even though I didn't come in with a coupon, and the oil change was complete in 20 minutes.
Many people have said they are some of the nicest shades they have seen.
When he has visited Pittsburgh in the past without me, he sends me picture messages of his slices.
I don't have kids, so I've only been to one game where I haven't been in the Duck Blind.
I expected it to be quite crowded during dinner time, however arriving at 6:30 there was no wait for 3.
If you're looking for a charming restaurant for a nice evening out, Louisianne's is the place.
AWK : Field Separator as Double Pipes or more My data: I want to exchange the double pipe delimiters with a comma like this: but the output remains the same.
And, she does all of this for a phenomenal price.
Any clue where should I start look on?
if you're going out for the ambiance, go somewhere else.
This is because a unique event is based on unique action-visit combinations, and each row has a different action.
everything else is spot on, esp the read beans and rice.
I loved the Strawberry Shortcake too.
I'll give into temptation at some point, I'm sure.
As it's already mentioned by taocp, the line refers to member initialization list.
We do not buy much meat but when we do it is only from Old Time Meat and Deli!
For every Customer that is grouped in Visitor, they would see your website in Catalog Mode.
A friend and I came here last month for a car show and had a pretty good time.
I'm unsure exactly what the issue is but looking at your code I wouldn't be surprised that the negative look behind regex isn't matching multiple word strings where the "keyword" is not the first word after the src or alt.
We started off with an order of garlic jerk wings which were very tasty.
Room was clean, bathroom was clean, lobby was clean.
I was unable to complain at the table due to my company...but I emailed the manager because I wanted them to know that somebody in the kitchen didn't seem to be gettin' it.
I love that it's right off the bike path - gives it a nice, neighborhood feel.
You might want to think about what you are doing.
Price is reasonable, and the meat quality is the best in town.
I would have to say that this is some of the best Indian I've had in pittsburgh so far.
However, the customary way to make text invisible is to use the text render mode.
You can use a timout in Javascript or maybe the timer plugin from jQuery.
Defined setter as: So we can change a property as: Instead of simply: or Is best practices the reason?
As soon as you enter Ritter's Diner, right there in front of you is an ATM- credit/debit cards are not accepted.
But I didn't find examples of code like mine, I may not go the right way.
destroy() - Removes references to this cache from $cacheFactory.
can I check my cookies to decide what page to load in RegisterRoutes I want to read the cookie to see if they have been to the site before and then decide where they should go at that point.
Now just use to play the video in your application.
Using joins would make it easier to follow, and afraid you have not said which field is giving a duplicate.
Tested in GCC 4.9.0 with .
that's why I put As the values ​​are not correct, the dialog box should not be displayed.
I can't say enough about them.
jQuery documentation for Deferred.promise([target]) says : If target is provided, will attach the methods onto it and then return this object rather than create a new one.
How to get the records from the current month in App Engine (Python) Datastore?
Only problem is some of the extensions have to be manually installed.
Once we sat in the classic Itlaian looking dining area, our waitress came over, and we were starving.\n\nThe greens and beans were delicious.
I use cocos2d::Follow to make the camera follows my player (player is always at the center of screen).
The things I like about the dogs are the steamed buns.
I did not have mounds of left overs as other reviews noted.
Destroy the original PDF document created in step 2.
\nThe nurse and doctor were wonderful.
If you only want one application (but it would be less readable) you could write
Last I looked, it did not have XA support but would be fine if your application was set up as a two-tier client-server system.
but what you read about the snobbery is true...
We had these Rocket Tots as an appetizer and the jalape\u00f1o sour cream they serve them with is perfect!!!
Decent falafel, hummus, lamb gyro...very Middle Eastern-centric.
You call it in , which is class function .
running NN software with my own data New with Matlab.
Figured they'd like hibachi...we were right!\n\nService was great, very kid friendly and helpful.
Once I got out of my car, weaved my way through the tables and sat down, the presentation was great.
For others it prints something like this(for all the files that aren't working the output is very similar to this): The end of that particular file (Zarauthstra_Nietzsche.txt) is But the rest of the file doesn't print.
Line 1331 shows you how the command has to look like.
Totally incredible way to spend an afternoon with my family - these museums have it all!
I wrote our implementation up here: <a href="
In short there are some technical aspects to consider but you should also think about the maturity of your team and their current process around SCCS.
Let's first define a Point data structure that will hold information about a point in cartesian coordinates: Now let's define a circle: Now you can declare an instance of each and test if the point is inside the circle: Is that point inside the circle?
This is one of my go-to bars in town, but not really because of any of its amenities.
There also is a tricky detail, although it's not the gist of your question.
The only downfall is that the service can tend to be somewhat indifferent to you standing behind the counter.
Big smiles, and a fast, efficient exchange of information.
Code where original template was logging in the user : (Note:I commented out the sign in code) I now call this routine to sign in the user once the third page of the registration process is completed.
This is a design principle question for classes dealing with mathematical/physical equations where the user is allowed to set any parameter upon which the remaining are being calculated.
The easiest way to get these is searching NuGet for jQuery.
I just wish they'd include some English descriptions of them on the menu!
Big tables to study at or meet friends, great selection of wine and beer, free internet access and busy enough to not feel strange but slow enough that you can almost always get a seat.
They're friendly in here to say the least.
I'm cool with headers but sometimes the necessity of forward prototypes forces me into writing really disjointed and hard to manage snippets.
xlrd has support for .xlsx files, and this The current stable version of Pandas (11.0) uses openpyxl for .xlsx files, but this has been changed for the next release.
has default left padding, and that's the reason of your code output.
those were just my favs, but i did try other things, everything YUMMY.
Changing background color of RectangleShape in Visual Basic Power Pack 3 with C#?
Once I found the Netgear router, and saw the price, I used my handy dandy amazon price check app on my phone to compare and found that the router was the same price on amazon as it was at Best Buy.
because there will be million data in database and customer doesn't want to wait service to get all data from server.
Objects can have attributes which can be functions, and that's fine, but these functions do not become methods and don't behave like methods.
I ended up speaking to Dave, the owner, and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request.
I hardly know HTML, CSS, Javascript, and Jquery, so I'd need a patient response to help me solve this.
\n\nI have only been through this airport quickly so I hope my next layover is a little longer so that I can walk around instead of literally running through.
If you're building the markup using a , then there will not be any transferred back and forth for any of that markup.
\n\nSo there you have it: my visit to your restaurant in Pittsburgh.
The following morning, one of the follow guests suffered a seizure on the hotel lobby and the matter was handled quite calmly and professionally by the staff.
Best breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go.
the largest attraction is US Airways Flight 1549 (miracle on the hudson) ...
Pizza that makes you feel like you might be eating healthy because this is not a heavy pizza.
@Esailija is correct; return HTTP status codes so that jQuery's ajax error handler can receive the error.
Local Files - Often used for blob data or data file caches (i.e disk image cache) SQLite Database - Used for complex local data manipulation or for raw speed ORM - Used to store simple relational data locally to reduce SQL boilerplate Read more: Persisting Data To Device .
This pattern is called the usual arithmetic conversions, which are deﬁned as follows: — If either operand is of scoped enumeration type (7.2), no conversions are performed; if the other operand does not have the same type, the expression is ill-formed.
Inventive cocktails, and events (on their calendar) are some high points.
\n\nThe schnitzel was to die for, as was the rabbit, both smothered in homemade mushroom gravy.
Naturally I would expect M$ products to be fast, but I am stuck with mySQL and cannot change.
How can I define it in a way that it defaults to itself as template type?
Once the create profile button is clicked and the profile is created in the db the redirect takes you to the Credit Card info page where the form is filled out, the credit card is verified and then that info is written to a table in the database.
For this purpose I will need to script my own program / use some sort of modified open source code (no APIs' - I need to understand what is happening).
Try to put it with explode into an array and count the values with array_count_values.
As usual, Sheraton pillows are amongst the best.
Therefore should be always used if entire name of a folder or file is needed on a command line.
This is not C++ code you would use in production!
Backbone.js rendering a reset collection with a single view I'm trying to render a filtered collection from a single view using a select box using the reset property.
I always try to sample something new every time I go, and everything I've had has been wonderful.\nThe cupcakes are so buttery and the fillings and frosting so creamy (and sweet, but not over the top sweet).
Placemarker tokens are defined in the preceding paragraph (6.10.3.2): If, in the replacement list of a function-like macro, a parameter is immediately preceded or followed by a preprocessing token, the parameter is replaced by the corresponding argument’s preprocessing token sequence; however, if an argument consists of no preprocessing tokens, the parameter is replaced by a placemarker preprocessing token instead.
Why does IPython notebook only output one DIV from this code?
The Stored Procedure: The VB Code: So when I click button1, q equals a new id but the data isnt there!!
I always order this, and the last time, we had a table side preparation, a clear demonstration on how fresh the food is here - another thing that I love about this place - the abundance of fresh food.
12pm, then add minutes and it becomes am?
The problem lies in the blacklist block page ...
For gcc : For conversion to a type of width N , the value is reduced modulo 2 N to be within range of the type; no signal is raised.
Tryon on a spectacularly and stupidly hot afternoon, which, by the way, I'd rather suck on a wet and frayed towel than have to walk 6 city blocks in 95-degree weather just for a delicious cup of coffee...oh shit, where was I?
a simple option is to combine the two scripts
Data is automatically deleted from SQL Server CE I am trying to write an application in VS2010 c# (Winforms) with SQL Server CE 3.5 as backend.
its a bit of a lengthy page code wise so i will only post it if need be, but here is the basics.
Be sure you're including that javascript file, and that you're doing it in the right place according to the vendor's instructions.
I was thinking of organizing multiple actions.class.php files in an actions folder, but all I came across was using independent action files, one for each action...
Sadly, I don't often have time to enjoy the rocking chairs, but I still like knowing they're there.
It is a little hidden, which makes it even more hole-in-wall-ish.\n\nBe sure to allow yourself more than an hour for a lunch break, because this place gets pretty busy during the week.\n\nIf this place was open on Sundays, had more healthy options and a full bar I would give it 5 stars!
If i set the header in html meta tag will that override the global setting?
I hope to find answer here, I want to get the calling parties ring tone, I mean when you call somebody, before your call is established with that person, you may here some music instead of default beep sound, actually that person may have activated RBT or RING BACK TONE (from aT&amp;T maybe) on her mobile number.
I love the rocking chairs, which are dispersed throughout the airport, usually in front of large windows so you can rock and watch the planes if you so choose.
The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.
You won't find a lot of frills and stereo typical sit down restaurant decor, but man do they have something more important, FLAVOR!
Delicious, and I won't go as far as to say I'm a great cook.\n\nOf course I also got some stuffed pork chops and fresh produce.
Applications to not get restore state functionality magically but they support APIs that help doing it.
&lt;>: Checks if the values of two operands are equal or not, if values are not equal then condition becomes true.
It does not get any better than this.
Create new profile by xcode when it says "there is no profile to run on device" (and gets "Fix issue" button).
There's definitely a lot more to have at this italian place than just pasta and red sauce.
But theres a mistake, so I always get a NullPointerException, if I press a Button.
If you get the Trio, I'd recommend getting the option that includes the salad and dessert.
Text not displaying on screen I cannot get the entire text to display on screen.
Some of the best mac & cheese I've ever had in a restaurant.
I've tried Installing xCode 4.0.2 Commands: Gem list produces: Any suggestions?
This variant of your first query should do the trick: In the event that the comment author is not associated with the requester via the table, the comment will be included in the join result, with all columns derived from being .
For OpenGL ES you have to keep track of the states yourself if you want to return to the last state.
No, its not an actual date field unfortunately (ugghhh).
It is an array of a fixed size with values that are supposed to be immutable.
I wish I knew about Yelp back then, because I would have taken a picture.
dones sometimes smell like grease but I still love it!!
Syntax Values The default dragging behavior is used.
this is what I get this far..
Just flew in here from Lisbon, Portugal.
I have tried adding "AS relevance1" to the end of the match as below but it returns no results:
But it just seemed like I didn't have a reason since this is such a \""special occassion\"" type of place.
I didn't get a chance to explore the place in depth so I can't say too much about its inventory or prices, but it's a wonderful, large, convenient, and interesting store and I can't wait to go back.
It looks like this has nothing to do with wallet, but instead is an issue with the version of you are using as per this issue .
In any case, TCP connections are uniquely identified by the following properties: source IP address, source port, destination address, and destination port.
The side orders were good sizes.
We did not have any dessert this time, so can't comment on that.
This was absolutely fine by me, since I enjoy sweeter digestifs later at night.
One of the tools to do so is with .
The sign looks like the one pictured but with a giant black 7 over the kitchen closing hour for Friday so I'd guess all the other hours are the same (I didn't take a very good look as I was focused on the deliciousness before me).
I do not understand this, because this is a public function, and the compiler can't know if I later reference this method or not.
When it comes to checking in to a hotel, I'm all about fast efficient service.
If you like donuts, you will love it.
That being said my glasses have been dropped and stepped on and never break.
And you know that a boolean comparison returns 1 or 0 (or NULL).
Pours are generous, and there's a fantastic selection to choose from.
\nThe food is very good an I've tried a variety of things without being disappointed.
The tables and chairs look right, but that glass-and-brass sneezeguard and the tasteful mural...
The curry was interesting, but the kabocha squash (which i'm a fan of) didn't seem to fit in right with the curry.
It is not the prettiest of code though.
Now what makes this just a little harder is that I configured my BaseAdapter in a separate class, which means that I have to indirectly mention the GridItems in some way.
When I run the script I get the graph just for the first file: In this case "graph1.dat".
As a long-time lover of Pamela's, I just couldn't see this place making me happy when we discovered Pamela's in the Strip was closed on Memorial Day.
I dont want to use errorPlacement thing :( },
Xcode 8 - directory not found for option '-F' Started a new project in Xcode 8 beta 5, and I'm getting a warning for each cocoa pod in each of my targets: I can still run, but I'd like to get rid of these warnings.
You could install Cygwin in Wine, and use Cygwin to run your shell script.
Appending script to the DOM isn't going to do anything.
The people at Rusty's treat you right all the time, day in and day out.
Would be cool if someone can help me.
Everything I ate was good but the Sea Bass entree was especially good and the tuna appetizer stands out.
is a unique combination in ) then you don't need the .
Is it possible to do in JavaFX?
Try this (wishing it would help, although take backup of your sheet before!):
Are you meaning that you want the text values of all checked checkboxes, or the text value of every checkbox, or...?
\n\nTheir beer selection was stellar and their beer cave in back was a fun shopping experience and great place to find a few rarities.
It was one of those unanticipated nights, where a coming together of long unseen friends and everyday acquaintances coalesces into something magical.
The HTML code for each file is put together on line 1852 in the mod_autoindex.c file .
It's not fancy but the food is really good.
The only different thing I can think of is that the live web server and db server are on separate machines.
been ordering chubbys for over ten years.
It's not your healthiest place but hey, who cares.
I don't actually know how I'd go about doing this.
Went for the tour and drinking on a summer Saturday.
Outside is always open and you don't really realize you are outside aside from the non-padded patio chairs and heat lamps all around.\n\nThe food is Mediterranean fusion, not exactly sure what is meant by that but it is good.
Yes, please!\n\nI've only been to the 1st Street location once, but from what I've tasted, the food is basically the same here.
From the jQuery documentation for .
The waitress was very nice and explained everything and was upfront about the upcharges.
Unable to start emulator on Android Studio 2.1 I am unable to start my emulator on Android Studio 2.1 and getting the following error : Getting same error in the console of AVD I am trying to run with this following configurations : My android-studio has the following details : Any help will be appreciated.
I have 3 GMGridViews on my Xib and i got reference in .m file of my ViewControllar Now in Delegates and DataSource Methods when i put Check on it if condition not getting true for 2 GMViewControllars but become true for 1st one.
Restaurant, bar, pool, and lobby are nice as well.
Don't bother eating in, just get take out.
I'm not aware of many open source solutions that actually support deploying changes.
I had the romaine salad -- should have gone with a sandwich and the delicious looking truffle fries!
Friendly, kind staff and good service.
The resulting output is purely ascii.
Molto bene!\n\nWe parked on the street and were able to find a spot easily.
allowing plenty of time to talk and eat slowly and just enjoy the company of the person you are with.
How to disable the jquery validator 1.13.1 to create new html for error message and use the existing one I am working with jQuery Validator 1.13.1 and I have recently upgraded from JQuery Validator 1.9.0.
How can I sandwich these result in between future and past rows?
My reason for asking is: I have a routine that stores a class's data in a file, and a different routine that loads this object (class) from that same file.
If you have any problems with your experience, let a manager know!
There are also a couple of tables and chairs lining the sidewalk outside in case you want to stick around.
Chairs are not the worst ones I've seen, but a big plus is that the Wi-Fi is free, so watch as much Netflix as you want.
Once this method completes the response status and headers are available.
One of the best places in Charlotte for continual live music.
also they do all the work on premises, which i think is a good thing.
Your controllers should also be able to work with totally different set of views.
You are probably better off using some of the techniques to get a unique persistent ID and use this to roll your own protection mechanism.
\n\nOh, and my dad introduced me to the valet parking and I haven't been able to go back to regular.
I have even consulted him via email since moving here (no charge: )).
This way, my WAR file will contains also a directory called that contains the shared resources.
Move controls on a form at runtime The only problem I ran into is that I couldn't drag the control itself as it appears to capture mouse clicks.
I found lots of information for the iOS mailComposer, but nothing for something comparable in OSX.
\n\nI would definitely go back over and over again!
You come with eggs, fruit, and a delicious biscuit.
I gave it a 4 just because I tend to give my 5s to those rare places that I think were absolutely exceptional.
We are never in a hurry when we go for sushi so I haven't paid too much attention to the time it takes but they always bring out the next item as we are finishing the previous.
How to pass an int value on UIButton click inside UITableView So I have a view controller with a single UITableView that shows a string to the user.
But last night it did before I went home.
Try to read this articles: Use RTTI for Dynamic Type Identification C++ Programming/RTTI Run-time type information
The walls of wigs and masks are impressive to say the least, and you can always find some original stuff there.
But hey, if you have business downtown and just wanna stay here anyway, have at it - the hotel has a free shuttle to bring you there, if you're so inclined.
Sometimes not in the vim, but in the output of 'git diff', why?
ajaxComplete not working on $(window) I'm using jQuery version 1.5.1 and this isn't working for me: but this is: Why can't I attach the event handler to ?
This information can be even more helpful in a multi-module build.
The clientele...or should I say the non-client, just sitting there bothering paying customers, are a little off putting.
They also have creative seating upstairs.
I asked for my shrimp on the side and I am very glad I did because I think they might have overwhelmed the salmon.
Recently I read a few articles about the dangers of non stick cookware.
Drag and drop seems to work without losing the content.
Here is the code: This gave me the following errors: I'm assuming these are problems with my compiler but I am not quite sure.
That also means that when creating the array, or assigning values, you also need to use a list of tuples.
My problem is line, that's where I get exception.
Our bill came to $29 (1 beer, 1 diet coke for our drinks) and it was a fabulous meal for so little.
\n\nI ordered the oatmeal walnut pancakes with a side of sausages.
[sigh]\n\nMy appetizer was the veal cutlets, just little thin slices of tender baby calf with a dallop of sauce and capers.
I have been working on a vim plugin for android development: Still work in progress but it has most functionality needed for android development using vim.
I asked at the front desk of my hotel for a recommendation, and this place happened to be within walking distance.
The jukebox is great (every fricking song by The Black Keys can be found on there) and there are loads of flat screens to catch whatever game is on.
Place has amazing omelettes that are almost as big as the size of the plate.
This hotel went above and beyond when my Uncle fell ill and had to be hospitalized while visiting Charlotte.
Modified dataset: Updated plot: Now the scales are different and the left hand one is correct.
This answer is probably going to need a little refinement from the community, since it's been a long while since I worked in this environment, but here's a start - Since you're new to multi-threading in C++, start with a simple project to create a bunch of pthreads doing a simple task.
Bear in mind to do that on a separate (meaning: not for other browsing activities) Firefox profile: In order to intercept ZAP will install a new SSL certificate.
You could clearly hear them, but you didn't have to shout to have a conversation at your table.
Every time i drag another label on top, the JFrame gets bigger and the label tries to slot down the side.
I have USA drill down map working but need to be able to show specific states such as Colorado for example without having to zoom in from the larger map of the USA.
Deploy two app-servers but run resque workers on the processing server.
The relevant part in the CMakeList.txt reads: the header is found without a problem the while library is not.
Although slightly hassled by over-enthusiastic docents, I had a great time (though short) viewing the car and carriage collection.
Depending on your app's design this can work quite well.
The complimentary breakfast the next morning made up for the shady stove and the manager was very friendly as he helped check me out.
Cant get a control from a TabControl DataTemplate I've been googling this for the last 2 days and cant get anywhere, I just cant do anything to any control in a datatemplate of a tabcontrol.
How to read JSON response from Google web services in Javascript?
I know it is a steak house, but I ordered the lobster mac n cheese and it was FABULOUS -- best I've ever had!
They work perfectly for user calendars, but when I call/watch on a Resource, it successfully creates.
Love the prepared food section here!!
Bento boxes are an easy choice, too.
I ordered a triple shot iced latte with whole milk.\n\nDrink came up fast as was exactly what my brain cells needed!
We're talking the width of a coffee cup!
This happens because you have forgot a newline at the end of your log message.
I get why it was a thing once upon a time but is there any reason modern c++ can't bring us the convenience of allowing definitions in any order, anywhere like the plethora of newer managed languages?
Going crazy here, can't figure out why rename(), copy() functions don't work Here is what I have, and or Shouldn't this work?!
I want the admin be able to add any languages to my system.
you'll probably find it easier to query sizes if you work with the gtable,
\n\nYou can order food from Mert's online, which is a convenient perk.
If it's a video the same as photos.
Something similar like in a google chrome.
From drop down menu TableView " ", I have added 5 in Storyboard itself as prototype cells.
Sync branches in git I'm sure this is a simple one but I haven't been able to find the answer online, even after much Googling.
I wear a flip flops, a loose skirt with footless tights and a tank top to slip things on in the sly!
Here it is: I get an exception at and never actually connect to the server.
And it's all because of a white pizza.
We also got the Polito appetizer to start and it was delicious- mix of octopus, potatoes, capers, onions and olives.
Why google doesnt index my single page app properly?
I think I've found a workaround: In the Eclipse instance you want to disable DDMS, select: And change the "Base local debugger port to some unused port number (such as 22222).
I have yet to have an experience to not come back here.
Timing on food coming out is decent; we didn't wait forever.
Yes, you can use an array.
How to access element and complex types I’m having a lot of difficuly parsing an .XSD file with a XSOM in Java.
I think this is due to the fact that the only other location I know of is in Ballantyne and things tend to be a bit elevated whenever you go to that end of town.\n\nThere's a decent lunch menu offered to go with the complementary chips and salsa - which was awesome.
perfume, flowers, nice gifts, books, magazines.
Compared to other venues I've been to across the country, the David L.
Usuall don't go for an entree but my wife and I split the filet one unadventurous night and it was delicious and very cleverly done.
I also tried a ceviche here that was out of this world.
I didn't have to make an appointment, just stopped in and they took the car in immediately to take a look.
I can't speak to how well trained they are because I didn't have them prepare me a drink.
Update Your Json String return JsonObject.
I called on Monday and luckily, I was able get a reservation without a problem.
I am new to Pittsburgh and until recently I always shopped at Dorothy Lane Market, rated the best gourmet grocery store in the country last year.
I drive past it and park in front of the Duke energy building at a meter and walk in for my fix.
My client got the chicken pita which he really liked a lot.
To inject it in your project, you need to find a way to save your SASS file in a CSS file.
You are probably talking of a borderless ( ), with an opaque background view whose alpha is set to zero and an subview to show the progress.
Just declare the width and leave it at that: If for some reason that doesn't work, try using .
With redux-thunk you will be able to make a decision based on a global state.
We always stay here when in Charlotte.
Looks like you must replace manually
So, note that your inference was correct - the node does get deleted after the Pmono terminates - but your Pmono was not terminating.
Tecate was on special, so I gladly order one, my date ordered a coke that didn't taste quite right.
My favorite part was the guess your mph pitch game.
They've always been honest with me.
Salesforce API - How to retrieve 'frequent actions' I'm very new to Salesforce and have a specific task to carry out.
While many people prefer to self park, there are those of us who would rather not schlep our belongings across a dark parking ramp after a few hours worth of travel.
After spending a month in Europe, I was very excited to come back to Madison and rediscover Clasen's European Bakery.
To solve that, you just have to bind the on the parent container or on both elements.
Their oil changes are the same price as the sale/coupon prices at the national chains.
They have pretzel dough rolls that are just the bomb!
Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 500 (Internal Server Error).Only in server I am getting Below is my code, which handler is called.
And table information is like below I am not expert on index but does these index seems okay ??
Especially for the ladies with long legs!
Yes, seems so silly to rate the free chips, but again another sign that this restaurant cares about how food tastes and only serves the best of ingredients and food.\n\nAs mentioned above, the abundance of fresh ingredients, especially fresh vegetables, in all dishes.\n\nAs for the other entrees, I've never been disappointed.
The fries were piping hot and perfectly seasoned.
Unless you're okay with meeting random people at the bar, then by all means stay.
They only do hair, and a tip for the new - take the elevator to get into the salon.
I'm writing a javascript game library that I want to integrate with Facebook Scores.
they have an ATM, with a $2.00 fee to start your night out right.
The 2 is actually the marker behind's label and 15 should be displayed on the front marker.
I don't execute the task anywhere in onCreate or onResume or anything like that.
I ended up parking at the James K.
In other words, you can get the same result of your email when an event has been added to a project's team room by setting the same conditions in your email alter.
Sometimes the diff that git runs doesn't detect that the file has changed.
\n\nLike many other Yelpers, KICK ASS food.
The location is great as it just pops up in the middle of a residential section in the heart of Bloomfield.\n\nThe patrons are always friendly, and on more than one occasion I've had random people start chatting me up like we've known each other for years.
PHP mail() function causing slow page loads I've been writing a number of PHP pages that involve using mail().
According to Spring the prices have gone up an average of 0.20 across the board.
The problem you face is that you wish to go to the bottom of your page which has not loaded yet.
In the case where you are ignoring the first character, you only want to compare characters -- and the same length for both the string and the word.
Meat here is cooked perfect...very tender.
At 1.01% financing with a lifetime powertrain warranty, and 7-year 100,000 mile bumper-to-bumper warranty, I really don't know of anyone who's gotten better deals on new cars than we did.
By retrieving the item from the , the position is automatically correctly offset.
The gotcha is: it's not truly Scala code, it is might be enough for your use case.
A little pricey, good parking, I will be back.
This hole in the wall is the place to be.
I have been here many times and always had great fast service.
It's an object that will lazily load the images for folders and filetypes for use in a JRuby , SWT application.
Otherwise, it might be a good idea.
This north side German food institution in Pittsburgh has been around for years and years and has menus that tell you so.
From my application i want to send email with ICS event attachment to my customers.
It's hugely excessive amounts for the app (in reality it's unlikely it would ever have 8500 widgets) but I'm wondering what's appropriate to solve this?
Back in the day we just waited until the bus came, but now they have those digital boards that tell you how long it will be unti the next bus comes - awesome!
She said they are so slow that we don't need it.
BUCKS is hands down the most delectable addictive amazingly priced pizza anywhere!!
I'm struggling with this problem in more ways than one (I'm not entirely sure how to get my file to write what I need it to in my output), but right now my main concern is outputting the unsubscribe message in the correct order.
How to make a JButton add user input to an ArrayList and display it in a JList I have an app that contains 3 classes - main gui (Book), add, contact.
There is no doubt I'm coming back soon for lunch.\n\nOn the service side it was fast, friendly and really nice teamwork among the servers with everyone paying attention to coffee cups getting low, etc.
As usual these techniques with their own overheads (memory footprint etc) and necessary trade-offs need to be made.
Our server, Denise, was friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable.
\nIt was crowded but when we walked in there was an empty table.
There's something magical about this dive--even the smoke doesn't seem to bother me...Actually, it's probably the strong drinks that are responsible for that...Which may be made with magic.
I have created following code - I am getting dynamic value of payment_tariff's keys For example, I need to get value of key 5, Where key is some value that will be further processed.
This is my code: But it was not working
The ambiance is homey, though it can get a little loud.
Not even directly from the server, getting the same error message as shown above.
The Windows Firewall Rules (Vista and up) are stored in the Registry Example rule: The field I need to decode is I think it references , but I can't figure out how the number works.
Given the effort required to do this with IntentService it might be worthwhile investigating deriving from Service instead and managing your own intent queue.
Google recommands to not use WakefulBroadcastReceiver anymore but GCMReceiver and GcmListenerService on Android.
With a name like Legends, one would assume sports bar, but not so much.
Be prepared to walk a while to get there.
Are you full from your meal?
At the time I colored my hair so I didn't want to let just anyone put foils and scissors near my head.
We are staying around the corner and looking for a place to get good cheap breakfast and we found it at Showmars!!!
They did not disappoint I tried every trick in the book to get what they put in them but no luck.
\n\nThey have plenty of Belgian beers to choose from a bonus in my beer book.\n\nBeers: usually a good variety on tap plus tons of variety if you need to one stop shop and pick some six packs up in the back.
Right Click the grouing and you get 'Group Properties'.
try using print_r to print the contents of that variable after json_decode.
The gift shop sells models of aircrafts as well military novelty items.
we stayed here while visiting Carowinds amusement park, and I found this place rather comfortable, and a nice place to stay.
Skip Milwaukee caterers and go with Blue Plate based on quality, service and price.\n\nI'll update after the wedding.
If you followed the "normal" rules of ownership and retained ClassA when setting the delegate method in ClassB, you'd end up with a retain loop where neither objects would ever be deallocated.
My friends had the pasta tasting, which for it's price seemed very reasonable.
But do you have to contend with comments too?
They do catering too, so maybe I'll recommend them for the next office party.
Everything I wanted to say has already been covered in previous reviews, so I'll just leave it at this:\n\nOH MY GOD GET THE HOTCAKES\n\nSeriously, get them.
Display the required error on the label of input type radio I have replaced my radio inputs by some label pictures and set the display of the input to "none;" Now when I'm trying to validate a form without checking the radio inputs, I can't see the chrome "required message" to display, because the input radio is not displayed, how can I make the message appear (only with required attribute) on the labels instead of the input ?
If the only time you ever modify your code is to make it "easier to maintain", you're just creating busy-work.
Huge dryers $0.25 for 9 minutes\n7.
Delicious.\n\nAnd a sweet old lady serving em up.\n\nThe best.\n\nDelicious.
Did you already create a podile?
When the release is created, we also include Release Notes with links to all commits, as well as the build overview.
The Arepas con Cerdo appetizer is excellent...one of my favorite things in Charlotte dining.
The freezing is due to the fact you are trying to change your progress bar contained on the UI thread from your worker thread.
We go out to breakfast every Sunday and were getting tired of our usual spots, having whittled down the list to just a few for one reason or another.
I have tried adding new date to the json produced as such but it does not work: What is the right way to do it?
Add sour cream, and I am in heaven!
Although having said that, I've never used a PropertyChangeListener to listen to a static property before.
Premise : I really think the ideal way to solve your problem is convert your stored datetimes to UTC, and then use that when you search.
Granted that these martini's are kind of expensive, on half price happy hour, you are pretty much getting 2 martini's for the price of one.\n\nThey also have a free tiny buffet appetizer where they have different things each time.
Why does this solve the problem?
\n\nTheir beer list has to be the best I've seen in the city.
Setting small also doesn't do anything either.
How to prevent compiler from optimizing a load to variable that is never used Intro: Im trying to quick hack fix old code and use __try MSVC extension to check if some ptr points to some legit memory or if *ptr will cause memory violation(if so I drop processing of this ptr).
Why does Ruby require .call for Proc invocation?
Expanding is messy in minimax, which is why negamax is cleaner.
The pancakes that accompany practically everything but a pancake order are think and fluffy and perfect.
In your package explorer (usually on the left side), find your Java Project you wish to export, right click in it and choose from the menu.
PHP microtime - microseconds format If PHP's function were to be executed at a point in time where the resulting microseconds are zero , what format does it result in?
Comes with warm pita slices for dipping, and a side of yogurt sauce as well.
This happens until there are no rows to be inserted from the DataTable.
Perhaps the syrup was used sparingly.
Amazed by the variety of choices.
So, in my data set the features will ideally cover all the possible range of values and give one unambiguous label for that.
Kudos to Brian (front desk) and Jarrell at the bar - great staff!
Other than my favorite coffee chain (Barnie's Coffee, which is slowly closing each and every store), nobody seems to offer flavored coffee.
Who knows, maybe you'll get lucky and know the final bonus round question worth a lot more...\nAlso go on live music night...it's free, the music isn't the greatest, but when it's free it's at the very least a good laugh when you've got friends to chill with, watch the game - Pirates for me is always the go to.
You're trying to assign an array of bytes ( ) to a single byte, hence the error.
I also tried to include the .cpp file of the class, but that didn't help.
Even if you could prevent someone from killing your program via the task manager, you cannot stop them from turning off the computer, or even pulling the cable out of the wall.
I agree with other reviewers that this is a great value.
If the reference count is more than zero, the resource remains alive until there are objects, referencing it.
The massive screen added a layer of epic to the film viewing experience that in no way could be matched by any other theater around town.
I also love their outdoor seating, both the front and back sides.
We had a great bartender who made our fancy drinks taste just like I had imagined.
If it can be done through them, do it like that, as this is better for updating your site.
My partner wanted to try a Pittsburgh cheesesteak sandwich and we read this was the best place to go.
The solution is probably to bind to an or event.
I picked up the fabulous Arts Commission calendar there last year and this year.
This is a little bit fragile, and it'd be better to make your program more robust, to cope with arbitrary amounts of whitespace, for instance, but I'll leave that as an exercise to you: Running this with the sample data file in your question, you get: Incidentally, based on one of the suggestions in your question, you might want to check out the answers to the question .
There's an SO thread on doing this in R
I believe this is caused by re-evaluating code that creates a class loader, leading to multiple instances of class MyClass being loaded.
The advantage was that if parameters indicated that one piece of information wasn't being used in the search then the generated code would omit it.
How can I execute a SQL query in emacs lisp?
I have been in both locations many times, and it has never been a problem, though it does seem a bit weird at first.
Brown's soda which is always a good sign!
If you send us data rows, the size of the uncompressed data rows is counted against your quota.
Do disabled Drupal modules affect performance?
These are like crack, get one for someone's birthday if they love almonds, they'll love you for sure!
We use a "kind-of" Enumeratee but the one which works at a finer level than Enumeratee (chunck level).
Minus that, it is probably a 3.5.
If you are looking to order fancy drinks and Americanized California rolls, this is not the place for you.
But you must be careful, since different layout changes will also call onMeasure.
The main window had a menu, a text-box and a few buttons and checkboxes.
The food is amazing and service has always been great.
I'm guessing it had something to do with the library or MySql install.
Compare rows and select max value I have the following table: As you can see, each has 3 different ('SF1', 'SF2', 'SF3').
We also ordered a \""small\"" beer, which is a full 12 oz glass, pretty sweet deal.
Into the restaurant I happily galloped.
Did you try You would need to use and in your list.
Are there another way to search on children and subchildren?
Are you sure your data fields have no commas in them?
This contains only the column that I want to filter.
We were there before they opened and actually waited for them to unlock the doors.
This location is completely walkable to the rest of the downtown area.
What you do from there is store references to to represent graphics, and sample those onto your one Bitmap via .
With templates you get automatic collection support, and you can use a strongly typed model.
I have tried width: 100% and other things mentioned, but it doesn't help.
In your example, the class TextSource is NOT instantating the interface TextReceiver (instantiation occurs with the "new" keyword).
I created the Class in the CSS called "hideOnSmall" and then added the tag to the Template Field of "Location" but I have not gotten it to actually work so I must be doing something wrong I have looked up ways to do this and all sources led me to this but if anyone can spot anything I missing or if I am doing something wrong.
After the first invalid input is focused, when the user clicks tab again, should the focus go to the next invalid input or just the next element in the normal tab order?
Usually the best way to get data from a server to the front end is as a JSON string/object then we can easily manipulate that just like you're doing already.
The prices are really not expensive for the quality you get.
Our bill plus 3 drinks was about $87 including tip.
These rolls on the contrary, are so fresh and soft, they're practically falling apart, until glued in place by the panini grill.
We were looking for a pizza place downtown open late and stumbled upon Fuel.
For starters we ordered mozzarella and tomato salad and the Caesar.
The sandwich was amazing - fresh bread, lots of good meat, house-made dressing and slaw, and a heap of thick, flavorful, house-made chips.
78 - 79 is an ideal temp for me.
The bathroom is on the smaller side but had a decent amount of counter space.
\n\nSo until I get sick of the Prawns or a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market, I'll continue to go to this location.
Dump Analysis with Source, using Visual Studio 2008 Express?
But, this assumes that the filter property is always specified.
I actually don't want to manage dynamically all acl objects for every employee but be a little more dynamic.
The side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me.
Other than that, it was a great experience and I would definitly go back.
When I click the submit button it calls this update method in model to call the stored proc to execute.
I'm looking for answer for hours and can't find anything...
for my assignment I am suppose to have a user input the name and price of items.
I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb.
we can insert a control character ,which is define in Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm , at the beginning of a RightToLeft string to make the string left-alignment .For more information about Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm ,click here .
the end result should be What is the most efficient way to do this?
My friends and I have agreed, this is now a weekly tradition that we intend to diet the rest of the week for.\n\nSide note: The food was so good even my picky four year old sat quietly and ate.
\n\nWe showed up for a matinee on a Saturday afternoon and the crowds weren't thick at all.
I've also tried , but failed.
Even if I had to pay I would have been satisfied, it was pretty cool.
:)\n\nI need to go back post haste!
If the data on which you loop comes from the DB --> use a from an array or other place of the code --> better use an clause for the elements to fetch all data with one query.
Make sure to return it properly as doesn't return a new variable, it modifies
The salad was mixed greens with a combination of olives, walnuts and carrots.
The biggest thing I loved about this Old Navy was their dressing room procedure.
You can move the directory into the tree you want to commit instead of moving the tree to the repository.
but it is still more than 3 per second.
So in other words, how can I still use a Style that maps the Fill attribute?
I have been renting for years and they are the best property management company I've had.
But, I gotta hand it to Joe's they have a pretty nice place to lay down your boots, or heels...
I read about pusher webhooks and I couldn't quite understand the concept when I read it Here .
It seems that if a rendering is in progress, I'm not able to cancel and ask for a new one.
I only have a few items that need to be dry cleaned, but these guys always do the job.
\n\nProtein-wise, HR offer beef, pork, chicken and turkey, coming in different \nvariations (chopped, pulled, sliced etc.).
In checking Chrome Tools, they all appear in the posted form data.
You would use to return a version of the input filename that acts as a hyperlink to load the actual file.
Display a table in a foreach loop with database values I am trying to display a table in a while loop..
But in my projects I need to use the nonconflict Version.
This is what we send to and from the client.
My 93 year old grandma is an ice cream maven and Klavon's is her definition of heaven.
(Yes, I plan to eat ramen noodles for months to come to offset my most recent RH purchase.)\n\nThe sales associates are super friendly and spent a lot of time helping my husband and I order things that they didn't have in the store.
We came Sunday for breakfast and, boy does this place fill up!
The only time I see a reset button being useful is if you have a multi-page workflow, and need to be able to start from scratch.
Below is the log When I checked logs carefully I noticed Server is sending only first certificate in chain of certificates to client i.e,.
Most of my \""deliveries\"" get euthanized because of the severity of their injuries...
But they were fresh, not gloopy.
Magento seems like a great solution for a larger store and I liked the backend admin interface.
This location has awful reviews on Google.
Too often this results in unexpected grief down the road.
Isabelle and class overloading Two classes are defined containing the same function, but when the two classes is used in a locale there is an unification error: The unification error is resolved by renaming (getName b) to (getName_b b) and use the class definition Does a solution exist without renaming?
Maybe, but this place is certainly competitive.
We overheard her telling other tables, as well as telling us about how difficult her job is and how hungry she was, and how she wished she could eat our meals.
There was an employee blocking a good deal of stuff I wanted to see stocking stuff on shelves and overall I just felt squished.
In the end, it came down to two things that helped make the decision on which one to go with.\n\nThe first part of the decision was the company who made us feel the most comfortable.
It is fine as long as you only have But the second you also add you will either duplicate code or iterate over the collection twice.
If any of our family comes to town, this is where they will stay.
Make change in your gruntfile.js htmlmin.
I have sat a the bar and had a table.
He is the one Doctor I have that I feel like actually listens to me and my family, and helps us with all the health problems we have to find solutions.
A visit to the Harris Y in Southpark should erase all such visual associations.\n\nLike other metro Charlotte Ys, the Harris has abundant floor space with relatively new cardio and strength training equipment.
I liked more than my wife did.
First point is you could use Positive integer field in Django, if you want only positive integer in this model if you want to do the custom way, please raise an exception or use the assert statement for it.
By the time we ate the lettuce wraps and our soups, we were almost full.
I was able to sort by class type name: But Names are not sorted...
I thought that was great service!
Now I want to display a report that looks like this: I have created the objects , and .
Also, the last 2 birthday celebrations we had there with large friend groups, we called in advance to make the reservation and let them know it was a birthday party, and they put up decorations in our area that we were seated at!
The staffs here were helpful, and the beer guy knew exactly where the only 1 pumpkin porter was ($6.99 for a 6-pack of Red Hook Pumpkin Porter).
I had a very sick kitty who had been to the ER twice.
A frame is a set of co-incident samples.
I would suggest looking into the Assembly plugin: I have not used it in any Android project yet, but I do use it in my regular java server projects which require non-maven items be in expected locations.
I'm seen inlineformset_factory however since I'm passing more than one value to the formset I was not able to work with it..
CLR does not allow multiple inheritance, which is precisely what you're trying to express.
It tends to be lined with craft brews.
Are @@variables in a Ruby on Rails controller specific to the users session, or are all users going to see the same value?
Bootstrap Glyphicons hiding border For some reason, glyphicons hide a border of a container if it's being floated.
So my dog is satisfied, too.
:) What I want from the program as a total: Search a directory and whilst doing this, search another directory, if any of the searches on those directories match each other, save it to "equal", if not, save it to "notequal".
Good thing we still had some handy.
\n\nWalk through the gallery and check out local artwork (mostly botanical subjects of course), then go out the back, which opens up to mirrored ornaments dangling from Willow trees, sculpture gardens, and, of course, roses.
Is it possible to create this in TableLayout ?
An example to show you what I mean: When I run it in eclipse, all three work fine, but when I export it, and put the resources folder in the jar file, only the image works.
oracle docs provide a good answer to this.
And no German music, no background music at all.
Splitting equation made of NSString with NSRegularExpression and finding left side of Equation I have a string such as below in my application: I parse the string using below code snippet to split it to b,=,c,+,32.
\n\nMuch better than Starbucks, I might add, this coming from a loyal Starbucksite for over 5 years of daily Starbucks.
The manager(s) in question are taking the results as literal indicators of whether an analyst is performing well or poorly.
You can use any YAML parsing library, look
\n\nI never manage to save room for dessert, but I hear the pies are excellent.
Whenever we go visit her family, we always stop by the Co-Op.
The Python curses module provides an interface to the curses library, the de-facto standard for portable advanced terminal handling.
I'm in the process of writing a formal report on the errors present in the system ("Beginner's Guide to Meaningful Statistical Analysis" included), but all signs point to this having no effect.
Nice indoor/outdoor pool with swim-under divider and cozy jacuzzi.
They also have a lady in on Tuesdays and Thursdays who does alterations, and those prices seemed quite reasonable as well.\n\nYes, I may have been able to find somewhere a little cheaper to get my clothes dry cleaned.
In your case I believe that you wanted to check whether your string contains digits only and were confused with regular expression syntax you tried to use incorrectly.
I could almost make an entire meal of their rolls with apple butter.
\n\nEveryone that works there is so helpful.
This post should help you : Before posting, please try to do some research.
My family has been going to the Strip and shopping at Prestogeorge for years.
The idea I am working on is aimed towards very small businesses and in a nutshell: User A should be able to login and add and retrieve data that only he/she can see.
Usually this means you have a character that is illegal.
Stern (at times) owner who rules his roost - check.\n\nI don't really trust a Vitnamese restaurant to be really really good unless it is a hole in the wall kind of place.
I was assuming that it had the player info for the player logged into Game Center on the device, but that isn't the case (that would be too handy).
I didn't get the errors using simple embedded HTML.
The fact is that in recursive function call you will return a specific value or you return a return of same function call.
Preview: Also there are several variants on materialdesignicons.com :
All the Dogfish Head and Rogue a girl could ever want?
The building may be run down, the booths maybe hard plastic, but the Gyros and Chicago dogs are worth the trip for a great lunch!
It'll feed a family of four and here it's under $8.
Stopped in for a couple quick slices of plain red sauce.
Could someone please help me figure out what I'm doing wrong here?
I see the JSF Validation framework as more of a plug-gable attempt, while the bean validation JSR as an elegant solution, can anyone comment on this?
When is usage of this feature justified in the light of good practices?
Perhaps you meant instead of ?
My companion ordered the Bacon and Egg platter that comes with 3 pancakes.
\n\nThe airport and overall parking sitch.
Consider a few points: Keep your blacklist (business logic) checking in your application, and perform the comparison in your application.
as one of my friends put it.
This would be used for things such as updating fans about a band's performance, etc.
You can make your own six pack to go or drink any one of the unique beers in-house.
I mean don't get me wrong they had some pretty awesome choices Western, Veggie, Ham and Bacon but none that you could customize on your own.
Just found some listed that expired 29th - 31st Jan within my test domain, and at first wondered why they didn't appear in my cookie list!)
If you're using default ASP web controls, they will default to having , which will be transferred back and forth during pageload and postbacks, and could be quite large depending on what web controls are used in the UserControl and repeated 50 to 100 times.
Normally you could use dot notation ( ) but since your name has a dot in it, you must use the other syntax ( ):
The coffee selection is out of this world and the coffee itself is wonderful!
If you want to limit only one dimension then just do not limit the other:
I was originally using but it wasn't working consistently so I decided to go with .
\n\nThe place is always clean and there are a few tables and booths.
The other entrees looked amazing as well.
It is not going to render "txeT emaN" as it normally does with Arabic or Hebrew glyphs, that doesn't make sense to anybody.
\n\nI went with the sig-other and between the two of us, we had the pork shoulder sandwich, brisket, and ribs.
We couldn't get past the burger menu.
I used to think that an uptown diner had the best fried chicken in town but, i was mistaken.
I specifically asked for them to order me a glass of wine so it was on the table when I arrived.
i would put tram's up against any of them, any day of the week.
Do you personally use it in your projects?
That doesn't "guarantee" a result from .
and it just wouldnt be worth it to pay $4.00 more to share it with a friend.
Had to get managers approval to come in, just a weird and inconsistent situation (as I had been in multiple times before without being 21, and in some situations without even showing ID).
I normally order one or two battleships and all the fixings.
We make a weekend trip to Pa, and were both excited to visit this restaurant.
windows.h files have hundreds of syntax error When i try to make a WinApi it make a lot of errors or even crushes down.
I also lost a half of day trying to fix this.
That is only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
After going here a while they treat you like family.
What is the best way to be able to select All?
Reducer should be aware only of a small part of state.
I came across PHP way of doing the trick: but no luck with MySQLdb (python-mysql).
explains also (name (and extension) of models subfolder).
ADDing Django's Q() objects and get two exclusive JOIN ONs So this is the scenario: The problem now is, that I'm dynamically constructing rather complex queries based on -objects.
What makes this difficult is that often times, you don't know what constitutes the "beginning" and the "end" of a data payload.
others at the table had the strawberry and blueberry hotcakes.
I was craving and in search of a place where I could get the most authentic DOC style Italian pizza, and I honestly think that this place is the best I have ever had at making a certified Margarita pizza.
Don't forget to set the HTTP status to 403.
We had an open bar for three hours to go along with the food and Lisa waited on us and hustled up and down the stairs all night.
You can install it to USB drive as well
I was passing through on a long drive and I was able to rest and relax quite nicely here.
But this is the fastest possible listing to update the data: The Bulk methods build up "batches" of results ( in this case 1000 at a time ) and send all to the server in one request with one response ( per batch ).
I do have to admit, this was a Chris Young concert though, so there may have been more people than normal.
Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too!
They changed the oil, check my tires and topped off all my fluids all for $36.
\n\nFor dessert we had the frozen cashew terrine which had chocolate ganahce, mango-rasberry coulis and candied cashews for $8.
On a recent trip to Charlotte, I was reminded of one of my favorite grocery stores in the South: Harris Teeter.
As alternative you can use Retrofit .
Penn Mac deserves more than 5 stars!\n\nThis place is the best italian food store I've seen anywhere in the US.
It has pretty much everything you may need.
It is currently under active development, and still in an experimental state.
Just took off one star for the decor- a little outdated.
This spot is perfect for a date or an intimate celebration.
I have tried simply putting vertical-align:middle on the text container.
Pass up the chains and go to Zorba's.
In fact they're some of the nicest I've worked with.
I am trying to display search-box on my web page, in Mozilla it works fine but in Chrome it is not working.
I was happy to find solace in Bangkok Ocha for lunch with a deer chum of mine.
Great sushi and have great sushi specials at lunch and HH.
I was a bit skeptical about boarding my dog since I take him wherever I go but I heard rave reviews this place.
deamon threads (if any) and performs other exit tasks before exit to OS.
the wine list was considered very good by the oenophiles in the room.
Wing night the bad: they charge 50 cents per ranch or blue cheese dressing, effectively making 10 wings (the minimum order, which they DON'T disclose) $3 rather than $2.50 which makes it more like 30 cent wing night.
The atmosphere is lacking, they serve you with paper plates and plastic utensils.
I've never had a bad experience; it's always the same.
All of this right by the lake.
As color changes from white to black price increases.
I've been to this place at least four times now.
I suppose I'm biased because I've always loved raptors, owls particularly.
Took my hubby (whose parents and grandparents all grew up in Mississippi, super close to Louisiana) to the Cajun Queen for some cajun food!
My non-meat food was perfectly tasty, however, sooo...he can think what he wants about the beef.
If I refresh it one time it appears and then another it's not there.
The bathrooms have the Kholer water saving toilets and the giant water saving shower heads with good pressure.
It is so unique and exquisite.
Java: How would I declare an undefined number of object with user inputted data?
Prices are fair for pizza anywhere, let alone downtown.\n\nWhen we walked in the door, we were the only customers.
ODBC is the very old, long gone DB-access standard - don't use it unless you absolutely must.
A will notify it's by a simple method call if the was constructed in the same thread as the notification is being made.
I'm not sure what your code is doing but you can adapt it to this.
Now, you can find the method (or any code) you want to document to, and type in ///, the document will be generated for you and all params and return will be extracted into a Javadoc style, which is compatible with appledoc, Doxygen and HeaderDoc.
HTML for these panels is (where the color classes are effectively presentational for the moment, but will be upgraded to reflect specific tab purposes.
The code is running fine but where is the outputted data from the code below being saved at?
You can use AWT,SWT or Swing to build desktop applications.
He even came by the room to make sure we got all that I requested and warn us about the no noise policy starting at 11pm.
Are AWS Security Group Port Ranges Inclusive or Exclusive AWS security groups allow a port range to be specified for permitted traffic, written in the form : would that be inclusive of ports and , or exclusive of either/both of those ports?
Jane and team at Jumpin' Java/Bistro 160 surpassed our expectations.
An Italian owner who wanders around the restaurant (often with a glass of wine) greeting friends and customers and kibitzing with staff; a friendly staff; and fantastic food.
Would you suggest creating a custom validation rule?
When I reached the register I was truly floored by the price.
Is it possible to do it in such model?
uiimageview animation stops when user touches screen I have a UImageview with animated image.
Table : based on the database information you provided i get the following result 11
The flattening script works in the command line, but when I POST to the API, I get some weird results.
Recently rented speakers and microphones for an event and was very pleased with the service and quality.
\n\nLast night I asked a friend to meet me for a beer and she suggested Lot 17.
\nMy most recent visit was simply stupendous!\n\nIt gives me great pleasure to update my previous review and let y'all know on two recent trips Klein's met and exceeded my expectations.
These are things like a release schedule, specifications like FD and TD and (very) expensive tools that require knowledge that you currently don't have (interpreting the output from a good memory profiler is an art on itself, for instance).
Stumbled upon this question and thought I would offer an alternative.
People always look at me like I'm nuts when I tell them that I get shoes repaired.
(He ended up getting a chicken salad sandwich on texas toast plus a bowl of soup.) And he chatted with the staff as he enjoyed his lunch.
Even as a native NC who grew up thinking Charlotte was fabled cosmopolitan city, I was surprised to see how recently Charlotte had a small-town culture.
And, secondly, a scope does not need to have a parameter, your scope is one of them, as you simply compare the database time with the current time shifted by 5 days.
\n\nPros\nAlways towels\nVery clean\nAlways cardio equipment open\nPools/hot tub\nLots of lockers\nFriendly staff\nLots of classes\nLots of free wights\nNext to target and trader joes\nEven during peek hours it's never over crowded\n\nCons\nWhen the old lady's come in they take up all the parking spots some how.
(or PHP) Is there a way i could make the unique id (primary key) in Mysql generate with numbers and letters to keep the id as short as possible?
I ordered the Pacific Salmon salad and it was absolutely delicious.
I know this is not a clean way to proceed but in my case, there are no resources shared by the threads so it shouldn't have any impact ...
Eg: now time is 13.35 But when I say date, it returns 12.35.
Each user is in the database and the role is retrieved from there.
what coupon do you have today...lmao\n\nThey are kinda pricey..
Went here for bruch and had their take on the classic eggs benedict.
They were staring to play trivia as we were finishing.
On the whole, I was very happy with Mert's and will definitely go again!
For the main course, he ordered the Mee Goreng (Indian style egg noodles) and I had the Char Kway Teow (Malaysian pan fried noodles).
Great location especially if in town for a Panthers games.
It is literally right around the corner from me.
Update Sometimes the zooming runs into a special problem: When the data are more finely grained than the default it just won't let you zoom.
The pasta was done right - I had felt like I was eating spinach dumplings.
Sequence number is 0,1,2 I tried the below query but only the first part is getting sorted, not the second part.
Otherwise it was a very pleasant experience and I enjoyed it!
Overall it seems like there may be no way to unify the types and without also forcing them to have the same equality constraint though...
1) Decide on the # of columns, I chose 4 2) Set the Column Width 3) Setup the image in your adapter's getView method 4) Layout That's it.
It was comfortable to get away from the crowds and escape the heat for a little with only one other table dining inside as well.
I see some attempt in the original code but it doesn't look correct.
Furthermore, I'm not sure why anyone would go to a hot-dog joint and expect good service.
Notably, the indexing (operator[]), assignment and function call operators must be defined as a non-static member function.
(using Python 3.4) PS : I think this issue is different from the the one here: as well as a variation of (as we want a specific attribute)
If so, how can I add a button next to a textbox field without messing with PHP code(can't change source code)?
is bad idea because ajax isn't meant to be blocking.
I was wearing heels and my feet were sore by 11!
I really only need to query(read) the response, I don't need to modify the json response.
It's upscale without being stuffy, and a great place for a dinner out.\n\nYou can find many of the standard American restaurant offerings on the Harper's menu: steaks, burgers, pizzas, chicken, and the stray pasta dish.
I have become a \""treadmill snob,\"" and one morning, all (6) were being used, so I hopped on the ecliptic (sp.?) machine.
In fact Penn Mac is so solid at these three things I am not sure who is a competitive second.
Here's the structure I was playing around with:
Mine was good, her's was really good with the dressing being a star.\n\nFor dinner, I went all out with the surf and turf.
The here is a , however you're attempting to access it as if it's a single .
So, I plan to return and give some other menu items a try.
And do i need to create 4 .java files for the new screens?
It searches for the best solution (and scales out well) and it uses Drools to calculate the score (= negative of the number of forbidden allocations) for each solution it evaluates.
Any pizza is really good and their rueben is very tasty.
Are all of their milkshakes vegan?
I have been to many USO's and this place just is so GREAT!!
I have eaten sushi all over the US, and in Japan.
\n\nWhat I really love, aside from the fantastic food, is the creative cocktails.
If you want to reminisce about a time before fast-food restaurants tried to be all trendy and hip, you should stop in at Hardee's.
Pat and Bob and Happy (their dog) were wonderful and their food was amazing.
I had to give Walter's 5 stars, if there was a way to say it was exceptional, I would do that.\n\nI found Walter's through yelp and was not sure how a auto repair shop had all 5-star reviews.
The problem is that FabricJS does not create elements relative to canvas size.
Once the last dependent operation finishes, however, the operation object becomes ready and able to execute.
Inside, the space is big and I'm hungry.
At the end of the code you missed one )
The room was clean, comfortable, and they had a great complementary breakfast in the morning.
Small quaint houses and animals adorn this quiet farmstead.
The office guys are very nice and helpful.
\n\nTo most establishments the art of service is lost, here it is practiced with Eastern respect.
I found the place from Yelp.com and I would definitely recommend it!
Thinking about this a little more it gets hairy, grows legs, and maybe another arm.
Any suggestions or ideas would be awesome .Thanks
They explained the process very well.
It is also very cool to walk into a place and order your beer by saying \""red, ale, amber, port\"" etc.
Definitely the DAO shouldn't be in charge of getting the database connection, because you will want to group multiple DAO calls in the same transaction.
When I try to start integrated weblogic server (in Jdeveloper menu Run) it starts and shows listening on the port but immediately stops with following error: My config: Windows 2003 server Enterprise edition x64 Jre 7 Jdk 1.7 x64 Oracle soa suite 12c
All new equipment and works great.
Just downloaded the JDK 8 and Eclipse java ee ide.
The plaster casts of the people and animals are poignant, but the other artifacts are surprisingly interesting, and the art is beautiful.
Even though it was not very busy.
(In Eclipse you cannot create a package named because this is not a valid package name.
========== Update ========== Further testing/information: the issue does not appear to be browser implementation specific, as I tried my desired website,as well as a basic test HTML page that has only a text and password field, on a gecko browser(Firefox), as well as a webkit browser(Midori), and in both browsers, on both pages, the behavior was the same.
\n\nIf you're searching for a new bar to have some food, play some games, and drink a beer look no further than The 'Chester.
The code should be like the following: in jQuery use
Don't be discouraged of the line is long.
I first got introduced to Prantl's a few years ago when I lived in Shadyside.
Create a field to reference the MyItem to be deleted.
What I want to do is create a hover over feature for each continent.
The array length is fixed at 1000.
A bit too bright for an Italian restaurant if you ask me, but I'm from New England where Italian places are all dimly lit.
I can compute the sum/average/count individually using the code from this article I don't want to run them individually for a datasource, as this would cause multiple queries on the database, I would rather create a single expression tree an execute this as a single query.
I got the Flounder and it was heaven.
I am not sure if what seemed like ominous dinosaur skeletons are still there or not but either way it will be a walk down memory lane to go.
They serve sundaes, milkshakes, and the old school cherry dip cones.
You can get straight into programming with ruby.
I have the Date Stored of Event(Event_Start), can u please help?
Bit if I need a fast unhealthy lunch its great to have a place I can get in and out of in 2 minutes with my food.
and then angels started to sing.\n\nLittle did I know it was just the beginning of an enlightening journey into the rest of the menu (which they now have a supplement to with wine pairings, more veg options, and better descriptions).
If I return, I will definitely get another one of these.
Try any of this: Also see this <a href="
The guy was very informative and showed us the whole place.
I have no idea how to fix this or what the error might be.
McFaddens and Bettis's are tops on that list.
API can provide the means to do that.
Oh, and by the way, don't forget about what happens if you add 200 minutes to 23:00...
It's something to do and somewhere to people watch.
One of my favorite breakfast places in Madison.
Control how angularjs converts date to json string I have an object containing a javacsript date.
Same deal with the french toast.
There's a gourmet vegetarian option with artichoke hearts and spinach that's great as well.
I finally found the answer myself.
I'm not sure if it was Jon I met there a few times, but the man behind the counter was helpful and funny.
I suspect that you have a in .
Not so shockingly, the apple strudel is wonderful as well.\n\nBesides the food, the servers are always very friendly and efficient.
Apache has an example how to go this here .
To implement this I create the Grid with one Button for each matrixposition, performed by a for-loop.
This furthers the brilliance of whoever created this menu.
Food is great, service not so much.
Minus that everything was up to par and would live to stay here again.
His staff was super helpful in helping me pick out glasses and training me on how to put in and remove contacts (which was awful but not their fault).
All in all, everything seems to be freshly prepared in their kitchen.
How to track the lifetime of a Drag/Drop operation?
Likewise if you want what position user XYZ is, that's also easy.
It checks the form dirty state and it should follow the next route in case of confirm, but that $state.go() doesn't redirect.
The format is slightly different...more like an indoor set up w/the walls but it makes for a faster/always moving game & helps to improve skills at a faster pace.
It's pointless most of the time, but even worse is that now we have this: This now has a static method which returns a , not a .
We both felt we had more than enough food for $23, and the quality was great.
She saw we booked our hotel through Priceline, and that didn't even affect her demeanor.
Their pricing was average for a steakhouse but a little bit high for the environment and service.
As a starting point I recomand: solr payload and: solr paylaod 2 Hope that will help.
I want to ask how to use this operator in Java code ?
I use it to travel to and from all three of my jobs, and I have yet to be late because of the bus.
Finally creating a link files are not that hard if everything works you can continue to do this until NUnit has the support for Win8 Unit Testing.
Im not a panthers fan so I most likely won't be coming here for a football game though.
You can either: Move from subtree merge to submodule by creating git repository in the subproject subtree in superproject working repository (i.e.
We really enjoyed our drinks (get Planters Punch), salads, Shrimp etoufee' and Chicken Diane.
Actually, I don't know that for sure, but I dare you to find a better diner anywhere in the United States.\n\nThe food here is made with love and that's what makes it stand out out.
It's basically a big pancake-like bowl, though baked not fried.
Note: This may require an internet connection in application.
The code I have so far is: Any help appreciated
How to update multiple rows with multiple values?
Second, the home screen is prime real estate.
Nice work but pricey -- only two slices of baguette and apple!
My system sound in Swift is not played This what I use: How to do this?
but definitely a great dinner place as well.
\nNo I do not work there.
Having the variable names in func_get_args() As this function can take unknown numbers of parameters: A will print only the values, but how i can retrieve the variable names as well as the array key?
\nAlthough the restaurant is tiny and a little run down the food is very good.\nAll the entrees I've ever had were served pipping hot.
Overall, I'm a fan, but wish my friends would want to go here less often.
There are so many coffees and teas to choose from that you could get lost all day just smelling the coffees and choosing which ones you want to take home!
The scrambled eggs were really tasty, light and the perfect brunch...
Try this: Then you can define new array as this: It's the same with:
Other than that it is a good painting.
It's just something I have to do.
Check out the petclinic sample code that is bundled with the full distribution of Spring, or (for a non-Spring approach) read the DAO chapter of the Bauer/King Hibernate book.
The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking.
You'll be hard pressed to NOT buy anything before you leave.
\n\nIn the small points department, know before you go that the walls between the rooms in this hotel are not that thick.
Detecting shake gesture by multiple view controllers I need to detect shake gesture in iOS.
One of connected, not_authorized or unknown.
Ultimately, what he means by the statement you mentioned: each overloaded entity definition will update a hash table with a pointer to its class definition is the following: All "subclasses" of Entity will register their constructor function in a single shared hashmap/object using the key which is the value.
There are three distinct A values, but only one distinct B value.
I came here for Amateur night, because a good friend of mine was going to be in the competition.
The idea is that an application may contain a struct of large arrays that are filled up via a slow external library.
Since you are dealing with disruptor and multi producers, that sounds to me very much like FX trading systems :-) Anyway, based on my experience, assuming you need chronological order per producer but don't care about mixing events between producers, I would recommend you to do a queue merging thread.
But there is a good &amp; elegant solution - you can put your code into the extra parentheses , and then the destructor will be invoked:
One of the nicer airports to fly into, out of and thru.
There is a generic ATM that charges $2, so be prepared.\n\nChatty or not, I have a girl crush on Courtney for making my hair look so hot.
I know I can use base_convert to get from a ternary string ("2001022210") to an integer.
I'm not sure what you're trying to do in that function (has some code been elided for the example?), so don't really have a suggesting at the moment.
I actually went two weeks in a row (I know...
when the browser gets smaller you add col-sm-1 and col-xs-1 in to all class.
Original answer (June 2011) That recent thread (March 2011) doesn't leave much hope: Well, I can tell you that it assumes a POSIX system, both in available utilities and system calls, So you'd need to use cygwin or something like that.
SSL not working between Linux and Windows I have gone through loads of material present on internet for SSL.
Since the Microsoft x64 calling convention is the most common, and in this particular case, using wouldn't change anything, I'll assume it's the one that you're using.
Then ask about those, including a sample of the code you have tried.
Also, unless there is some specific problem regarding resizing, I would work with a downscaled version of your images, since they are relatively large and the size adds nothing to the problem being solved.
If you don't specify otherwise, the return value is that of the last command.
One is typically plenty to share, or try a few and let the staff box it up for take-home enjoyment afterward.\n\nThe staff really cater to your special birthday and anniversary events, so long as you let them know ahead of time, so do share that at the time of reservation.
UPDATED It seems I was trying to to use insertOne which is a BasicDBObject function.
But in your constructor you do...
The assignment implicitly converts this value to a , which happens to be signed on your platform.
I can eat a submarine just about any day of the week and it's probably a good thing that I don't live close by to \""Uncle Sam's,\"" because I would.
has no member error with Alamofire 4.0 with Swift 3 I have used Alamofire 4.0 in with Swift 3.0 but getting issue with the following code Type 'Method' (aka 'OpaquePointer') has no member 'GET' Type 'Method' (aka 'OpaquePointer') has no member 'PUT' Type 'Method' (aka 'OpaquePointer') has no member 'POST' Type 'Method' (aka 'OpaquePointer') has no member 'PATCH' Type 'Method' (aka 'OpaquePointer') has no member 'DELETE' Enum definition:
They give you a map of the store, which is truly needed, because the variety and stock is endless.
I'm sure I must be missing something, but conditionally adding the closing div before the opening one is proving tricky for me.
\nI love the look of this place.
We shouldn't need that because we're migrating source code only.
I love that they have sushi specials that come with soup or salad at a reasonable price.
Watch yourself at the hot bar.
I think it's called a \""French bearclaw.\""
I wouldn't call them "bottlenecks" because often they are not localized.
If x XOR y = 0, both are identical sets, so move on to index=2.
It seems that what you want to do is to split that Comment column into it's on data stream?
Delicious and huge assortment of donuts!
How to dismiss programmatically created UIView when user taps on any part of iPhone screen I am working on an app where a popup view is created programatically.
It looked good but it's a who lot a fish.
PS: This question is not same as I am able to execute commands, no problem!
Unfortunately, the MSDN documentation of the Files collection from FileSystemObject doesn't say anything about the order of the collection.
He was friendly, checked back with us often, and made sure we had a great meal.
Everyone was so patient with the troops of drunk teenagers who wandered in to use the bathroom, despite the sign on the door that read, \""Bathrooms for paying customers only.\"" Our server, Netta, made sure that I ordered first, as a fellow Netta.
It was about an hour or more wait to eat.
Chicken and steak, but I never tried them - - too many good seafood choices.
Sometimes regexp only further complicates things.
Don't overwhelm the team, but slowly introduce them to new concepts .
I've been to many Chinese restaurants on campus and this one is certainly the most authentic of all.
This time I want to plan for the future.
I had the breakfast burrito, which I thought was OK, but not something I would order again.
You are supposed to get such deviations.
Caution: The ThreeTen-Extra project reserves the right to change its interfaces and/or implementations.
Here it seems that the has been entirely optimized out, since it is only giving a constant string, and thus is sufficient.
Is it possible to open a PDF with fancybox 2.1 in IE8?
Not sure I am buying that.
definitely a great spot for lunch and I am assuming a good spot for dinner as well.
But if you want to poke around for a great find on a pretty Sunday afternoon, this is the place to go!
I've looked through the TCX schema , but did not find an obvious answer.
probably better off using one of the TEXT datatypes.
I find that incredibly hard to believe.
Call me weird, but i love canned mushroom on my pizza.
Umi however is a true dining experience for the true sushi lover.
The steak was to die for and the pumpkin cheesecake finished it off.
I forgot to say that I have a third conected into the navigation, a select command to retrieve data from database.
The food's okay - the pulled pork sandwich is good, the burger is okay, the chicken slider is just a little piece of chicken on a bun.
You can always order more later if you are still hungry.\n\nI love the Pinot Gris by the glass from the Willamette Valley.
The gentlemen that runs this place is strictly business and it's a business he's good at.\n\nI can't speak to the dry cleaning side, all I know is that if you need clothes tailored or altered, this is your guy.
well, i don't quite understand why your button don't respond, because i've came across similar problems but i've used different solutions.
And for everyone who would say "Post your code", i don't have any, so don't bother saying that, the only code i have is the code for the program and that wouldn't help anyone.
I've grabbed an EnumToFriendlyNameConverter from CodeProject, but I'm not sure how to set it.
You have to adjust the file flexslider.css the following way: This line: has to be replaced by the following one: And this line: has to be replaced by the following one: Hope this helps.
It was working fine but suddenly i started to get the following error today Might be the hosting provider updated PHP or Imagick.
Getting the number of unique values of a query I have some documents with the following structure: How can I make a query in Node.js that will return the number of the unique actors that have done a specific action.
The results are different each time.
The mac-and-cheese is to die for, and every entree we've had has been terrific.
when I offered to pay her what she had once paid at the store, she wouldn't take a dime.\n\nAnd when I offered to pay her for the gas she'd burned driving across town, she wouldn't take a dime.\n\nI assume, based on the letter I wrote to the hotel's general manager and copied to corporate (back in November 2007), that she has since been promoted far higher than the front desk.
Both my bowl of seafood gumbo and crawfish etoufee were full of cajun flavor and spicy, just like I was looking for.
It took a little but it might be because of what I ordered with all those different ingredients to cook.\n\nI can't wait to go back to try other menu items and at large subs for less than $5 I'll be back for sure!
This is just so perfectly done.
King's is better for dressy and classy.
I will definitely visit again when I'm in the area!
To me, that is the most important part.
Try to avoid regular expression syntax that has to do backtracking .
It's right off of Walnut Street, so you can easily stop in before or after an afternoon of shopping.
Maybe I'm wrong and in this case, please give to us the solution .
The problem is that your clause is not in the correct place in the query.
The construct you are looking for is called .
\n\nDuring the planting months, they do carry the obligatory selection of vegetables and herbs.
(I live in Stanton Heights) it came within an hour of calling & was freshly made.
A vector is normal if its length is 1.
They have 6, 7 & 13 foot lanes.
Authentic goulash soup and a delirious cream of mushroom soup.
I used paint to put in the boxes on the schedule to visually see the different arrays as I was coding.
Use emit on the client side In your index.html change this code to and remove from your nodejs file Now you can see Hello World from your console
WPF: how to change my chart to get only one value instead of 2 This is my : Currently i am using this to populate my : But after change my model i have only 1 that i want to add - so i try to remove from my the or but this likely not the way to do that.
Don't be fooled by the appearance, it looks like a place you would want to walk right by, but because other Yelp users said it was so good, we decided to ignore the appearance and went it.
When displaying, you could divide it so that the output is '3 days' again.
Is it something that can be look forward to in the future?
Both will work fine for your need.
Coffee is always good and the Cowboy cookie is a round slice of ambrosia.
Want to take your special date to a posh dinner?
This gives me an "application defined or object defined error" on the same line.
But boy did i grow to it fast once i did.
\n\nIt's the typical cafe where you pay at the counter.
The first attempt works, and prints .
The staff was super friendly the atmosphere was perfect.
I stop here at least once a week to get my carb on.
You defined the variable but are accessing it with lowercase ?
Small but high-quality menu selections with locally sourced foods.
I think you should really try to uncomplicate things by using another already build free option like itunes, Winamp or WMP.
If you don't need that space b/w those two element then you can float both those element to left, it will ignore the space.
And remember to download the JDBC driver with .jar as the end.
I'd be happy to work with him again.
Now I get this messages on a Sony Xperia P.
First, its not really in a ghetto, but its definitely not the safest part of town.
Getting content from opening associated file Android SDK So, I am associating a particular file type with my app and I want to be able to make it so that when a file of that type is opened, the app opens and is able to retrieve the information from the file.
You don't need to do this manually though.
Any idea for making it work would be appreciated!
\n\nThe other is hormone fueled meat market kind of place for the under 25 crowd.
Duck typing is a coding style you choose to use or not, not just a technical feature of a programming language.
I followed many articles and gather information that if I have to use proper unique id in item's view layout for both textviews then recyclerview state will be stored automatically, only just you need to save whole recyclerview state.
Here is the error I get: Using Cassandra-cli with the same parameters work.
I nominate Lot 17 for Best Bar Food in Bloomfield!!
Half-Open Joda-Time uses the Half-Open approach to defining spans of time.
The food isn't aiming to be some crazy, new, cutting edge concoction.
The staff there was so friendly and personable, and did a really nice job at checking on us- but not being overbearing.
Instead of: From what I can see the result is the same but with less s.
WiX Bootstrapper I am trying to create an installer for a simple .NET WPF C# app.
I had the chicken avacod sandwich.
The pictures for each dish are closer to the ways that the dishes actually look rather than some corporate artist's fantasy.\n\nI had an omelet with red velvet pancakes & sweet tea.
I promised my folks that I would make a long weekend out of it, and head on home.
We shared fish tacos, a margarita pizza, and chicken tenders.
Does anyone know where I have to put this in order to get it working?
Can this be done with CASEs?
When you order a sandwich (i recommend the godfather I or II), the owner goes to the fridge and begins slicing cuts for your sub.
The guy cooking today did a great job, the best taco I have had in the US, a genuine Mexican taco, not smeared with canned bean paste, but lightly dressed with salsa (not the jarred salsa, real salsa), the delicious chorizo I ordered, grilled peppers and grilled onions.
I had two rats and Dr.
of files, you will find a way to resolve it for sure.
You prepare your data in a way that you can retrieve your data in a scalable way.
"Really only useful" is a little subjective, don't you think?
'while' statement cannot complete without throwing an exception - Android With this method I'm updating every second.
I took my son with me a while ago (see pictures........
One more workaround: But let's see what should be the correct way.
When i hit one button, I would like to take all of user inputs and combine them to generate a data set and plot it.
I have a relativelayout with three full screen child views of the same custom view class.
I wanted to let the dinner marinate in my head a bit before writing the review (well actually, I've just been really lazy and terrible at writing reviews lately), and I'm not exactly sure what to say about it other than it was outstanding.\n\nMost of us did the 8-course omakase.
I can't really give you a more specific answer since your question is very vague, but the simplest, most stripped-down way to accomplish MVC is to have two php files, one accessible from the outside, which then includes another file in a protected directory.
it's well over 90 degrees today, and frankly i wish i had more laundry so i could stay\n- free WiFi (which i'm using right now!)\n- kitschy decor (yes, it has decor!)\n- clean, working, updated machines\n- two fully loaded change machines!\n- friendly staff!\n\ni'm hooked and definitely coming back here.
But, how do I use range_time_a and range_time_b to create a new range that starts at range_time_a and ends at range_time_b?
The only reason I'm even reviewing it now is because I have moved away and I'm not at risk for losing my table to a Yelp reader.
I can't wait to go back and try some other dishes.
my problem is that I would like to set the "marker" attributes using variables from the "map" parent scope.
Walking in we saw more than just a cheese house.
I've found lots of tutorials about mapreduce on google cloud web site but I'm totally lost because there are several technologies and can't find a way to do it without using the command line and also there is no information about scheduling ( I want that the whole analysis process to be entirely automated ) Please, could you provide me advice about what google technologies should I use or where I can find a good tutorial?
Imagine having a moving tile, and your player walks near that tile.
If you declare the variable outside of a method, the state is remembered.
My complaint is that their hours and location could be better.
(I've been trying for 2-3 hours now, but can't seem to get it right) First things first.
I want to resize the bitmap height &amp; width into same as the user device width &amp; height.So please help me if u know the code.Thank You !
In this case, I would want to return the second foo (and any other foo records) because first foo has a bar record with the email in the request.
You may try this using: forloop.counter see the docs here: Implementation:
Food wise, their wings are decent and the pizza is greasy and cheesy.
Graphviz 2.28 on a windows system produces this output (11605x635px !): Try to see version number and information about installed plugins &amp; config file.
\n\nI can honestly say I have no clue as to what Peruvian food is and even though I partook in this delicious place I still have no concept into the food except that it tastes amazing.
By calling you open up definition from the inside of and inject few instance methods.
The picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious.
In one of my previous projects I use HttpUtility.ParseQueryString to parse the query string.
Thanks to Yelp and Monty's for the free check-in coffee.
I won't hold it against him that he isn't a fan of IPAs either.
To achieve a "global" stop in animation, you will have to clear the animation queue for all elements that will be potentially animated in your JS function.
Delicious pho, egg rolls, spring rolls, duck confit, duck breast, noodles, beef and rice, fresh vegetables, and an incredible dessert of cake with a hint of banana (and a vanilla wafer).\n\nThe lights were turned low, there was a wall with running water streaming down from the top, and there was some contemporary playlist in the background playing all of your NPR favorites (David Gray, Radiohead).
David's Jamaican is at the very top of the list.\n\nI've eaten Jamaican food a couple of times over the years, and it's never really impressed me.
I i think i managed to understand the basics behind it.
You don't say how tline is implemented; if a line never contains more than two words then you can probably make it faster by having two std::string members instead of an array.
If you're looking to get involved there's student government, community outreach programs, and community service programs at your disposal.
Yes this can be easily done using Clojure (for backend) and ClojureScript OR JavaScript (for frontend).
Spicy tuna rolls on top of the glass.
I usually get the cheese filled ravioli and they are superb!
All these \nYears later they still look great.
Discounted day pass and gear rental with a college ID.
Ultimately I am adding a single row to this table via: Under the skin this generates the expected SQL of: Now the INSERT statement when profiled on my machine is very quick in the order of ~1ms, but the call to: Takes anything from ~20 to ~40ms and occasionally > 100ms.
Since it's now a plain object I can use constructor injection again.
Now that I live 3 states away, I still bring stuff with me when I visit and have her ship it back to me!
Burger was juicy and very flavorful..
We had no trouble setting up an appointment and consultation.
Recently I bought a yamaha hifi CD player from them.
now, obviously, with mixed bottles, the price will go up, especially if you have expensive kinds in there.
The place is really small so you're lucky to see an open table, grab it.
After all, \""Dive-y\"" doesn't necessarily have to mean \""falling apart,\"" right?
Another example the annotated methods to serve a web request.
THE MALL OF AIRPORTS!!!!\n\nThis airport is HUGE, I mean really!
The rooms have very comfortable beds and are spacious.
\nThey have several brands of organic fertilizers and similar products-again, a little more expensive than other places but they have some selection.
So while I can see how there is common ground, I don't think duck typing subsumes structural typing.
I don't think there's any Python-specific limits.
I've taken at lot of the code from the answer in And this program works OK.
Unfortunately Splitting a git repository blog posts returns "host not found" I hope that this version solve your problem.
It started with drinks in the bar, which has a full bar and can whip up some good cocktails.
It was developed by Facebook (now open source), and an implementation is available for C# .
It was creamy and deeply, darkly spicy.
He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.
Can I give more than five stars ?
I've been taking my vehicles here since 2008.
Why App store not accepting my routing app coverage file?
I thought there might be a way to do it by using the axes property (i.e., set it to and drawing new axes where they originally were?), but I didn't get anywhere with that strategy.
The variable is called and this $action variable called the account/login.php file how to I can change the link of $action variable.
Nice atmosphere, good food - Sesame Inn gets an A in my book.
My crepe, which consisted of egg, goat cheese, tomatoes, and chicken, was phenomenal.
P.S.: I also tested this code with pure Java but got the same result :(
Let me start off this review by saying: I got the hook-up for my trip to Upstream.
This is my first go at javascript but I think I know what I'm doing so far.
and the owners/cooks are quite friendly.
Using the techniques listed above, you can avoid crashes by checking the lifecycle of the context that started the task.
Mozilla Firefox is the best browser for this with the User Agent Switcher addon
I suppose if the Coffee Tree had a selling point, that'd be it.
I suggest just sticking to the peperoni.
Below demonstrates adding the SoapClient as an extension, allowing you to use it from a specific Bundle that can be included in other Applications.
Why?\n\n- So easy to order online; brilliantly intuitive and logical\n- The inside of the store is spotless - I've never seen it in disarray\n- Staff is friendly and efficient\n- Consistent quality; there's no hoping the pizza is as good as a previous time - it just is\n- Never greasy\n- Quite possibly the best \""well done thin crust\"" pizza I've ever had in the Madison area.
La-Tea-Da's just catered an early Thanksgiving Day luncheon at our office.
sudo pip install --upgrade scipy This process will take a long time.
Can Anyone tell me how can i solve this Exception
So we told our server about it, and he immediately brought out a plate full of pear slices.
Oh yes.\n\nService has always been very efficient and polite, no complaints or rude servers.
PHP - 5.4 and Imagick - 3.x So to get rid of this in my code, i set error_reporting as And this will show the errors but not the deprecated notices.
Look here and here and here for further details.
Why doesn't skippedEntity() or resolveEntity() report in the following: When run, all I see is: Why don't I see the resolveEntity print for &amp;num; or the skipped entry print for &amp;not;?
This is a good place to go for a quick lunch.
And I have found this: but in the same gradle file I have this: What's wrong?
Problem: this new branch isn't showing up in the Bash window, and when I try to switch to it, it isn't recognized.
If you've been to one of them, you'll know largely what to expect from this one.
She's this feisty older lady who sometimes has a different sense of hospitality (especially toward the male patrons).
Our entrees were Penne Alla Vodka and Rigatoni with Meat Sauce.
But while doing so suddenly my packet size is changed to 1160 and after sending a few packets of size 1160 the connection is getting terminated by sending FIN packet.
This would remove new packages, and downgrade existing ones.
Innomatic keeps cropping up in my searches but I fear that it may be more advanced and more “full-featured” than necessary.
Match the top of the characters and the bottom baseline of the font Do you know of a reliable way to have borders matching the baseline of the font and the top of the characters?
Once the first one is updated, I change the ItemsSource property of the second to be one of a variety of enums.
Next time, I'll skip the veggie dog and go with a wrap or pizza or burger or something that'll allow for more wiener-peeping.\n\nOn the other hand, the veggie pub fries were damn good and something I resented having to offer to share them with my friends...
There is no such thing as "Abi64".
The lifeguards had lost complete control at this point, life jackets were just floating around in the water, kids weren't even using them anymore, someone's hair extension floated by my sister (gross) it became complete chaos!!
At the table they had ketchup, mustard and apple cider vinegar!
The entrees came out before we were finished with the tempura appetizer.\n-Price is reasonable, perhaps a touch high.\n\n\nCons:\n\n\n-The restaurant space is cramped.
Use that and the Xml request template it creates to get the request working.
\n\nLet me tell you...if you land at the end of say B, and you have a connection to a regional in E -- you better book it!
Does anyone have any idea on how to fix this?
To be a little more clear: for example if I had raw_input("How many variables does the table contain?: ") and the input was 2, the program would know to run as if (?,?).
You can think of it like a big factory with conveyor belts taking things to different machines, and we're building these factory machines and hence factories with functions.
I would check out the fantastic Rome library:
The have some of the best ribs and rib tips in Charlotte.
A great twist on classic Italian.
And i want implement some view that will show for example in body users list and in sidebar authentication form.
They have a great sushi selection, I normally have their Spider and Firecracker Roll which is always fresh and perfect.
I have not had anything here that wasn't delicious; favorites will come and go, but I'm a fan of their HUGE salads and the eggplant lasagna (noodle free).
So how should I save these data?
I must confess, I found the serving via table-side a little odd.
He complained to the manager, and the manager was nice enough to take 1/2 off, which I thought was really nice considering it wasn't stopping me from eating them.
For entrees we ordered cajun shrimp and grits and crawfish etouffee.
Running a test audio sample that goes through frequencies (in order) of 20Hz to 22000Hz I see two peaks the entire time.
I always use the on-line ordering.
Came on Saturday night I can't even begin to tell you how once again our dinner was amazing!!
One person said the brisket sandwich was really good.
I am craving a beer thinking about it!
You are aborting before the view is even being rendered, so that's the expected behavior.
Service has improved and the food is good
Most of my plate was Collard Greens.
The baristas here are really efficient (most of the time) and super friendly.
You need Gemfile with the used gems listed in it for RubyMine to recognize the dependencies.
web.xml Controller: what I was trying is to send a request from html page to spring controller and return an JSON from spring controller to the requesting page.
Data binding - Visual Studio 2010 I am working with Visual Studio 2010.
It seems that what you're trying to do is make it possible to pass an as the object which it contains.
I don't shop at Whole Foods that often since it isn't that close to me.
Im very pleased with the haircut and even more pleased with the price.
Not only is the salad sprinkled in sunflowers, the dressing is made of some blend of sunflower oil and vinegar and really makes the salad stand out from its peers.
I'm avoiding it now since I'm not sure what you meant.
A special shout-out to my deli favorites: forbidden rice salad, Cajun spiced tofu, Asian-baked tofu, and sesame noodles.
This is such a neighborhood gem!
(I'm hoping for compatibility with Windows XP.)
Entirely disabled Silex error handler: So, It will be like:
BOOM!\n\nThe room was large and spacious, the gentleman who checked us in at the front desk was more than accommodating by putting us in a king room.
I was too excited.\n\nThe clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing.
This place is the quintessential bike salvage yard / shop, and I'd have it no other way.
\n\nMany people come here all year round.
Then your JavaScript (jQuery) could look like this: This will toggle the menu on a touch device when isn't really working.
You could use the method of the class instead of the "busy sleep" that you're using.
Threejs make a displaced mesh (terrain model) So I have around 59k data points that I'm visualizing.
She gave us ample time to roam around each room.
I know that python django has template &amp; context mechanism, however django is a little to complicated for people to which I am preparing this whole mechanism.
I have Home.xhtml, A.xhtml, B.xhtml, and C.xhtml all in the same folder.
Compiling this procedure and executing it from the command line reveals in the DBMS OUT display a feedback message identifying the DML operations that failed by an internal count of each loop iteration...
I was advised they were going to BAN smoking from the inside soon, so that will make it better.
please refer to the code attached I was able to achieve the user clicking event at particular screen location , But I faced a strange issue ..
You could create new Date/Time fields and execute an query to load the transformed values from the old text date fields.
The past weekend, I was visiting my bff's in Pittsburgh.
spanish chess game, fluffy mini-llamas, and bright woven goods.
Wait, how have I not reviewed Crepes Parisiennes?\n\nI first fell in love with crepes in my early teenage years, when a crepe shop opened up in my hometown of State College.
When I press F9 for autoreference, I see that Vim is working on something for split seconds and red error message refering to "can't find [some file name]" in my user/appdata/local/temp directory.
Note that I was never SUPER proficient in Swing to begin with, but I believe I understand the fundamentals.
There isn't much of a waiting area though so it gets rather cramped when you do have to wait.
If yes, on what basis should we decide it?
Hopefully, you guys will start winning soon!
TCPDF is better than dompdf for using
Even books in their \""bargain\"" section seem a little high as well.\n\nI'll stick to using the store to browse and for gift ideas for the time being.
You also had the following, which is incorrect: If you're going to use the backticks, it would be this: Assuming is an integer (I also put single quotes around this type in the clause in case is empty for some reason; this helps prevent unnecessary syntax errors).
To achieve this, I create a array of which I fill every row of a column, then switch to the next column when the current column is full.
From my main man, and Dormont's own Anthony Pecora (now), to my other main man, Nick Rockwell, who used to play at Dormont park and eat the pizza as a kid.\n\nMy first imprecision, \""Damn, they didn't cook my pie!\"" I have heard a lot about this pizza but know one has ever said anything about a \""Raw\"": slice of pizza!
I definitely recommend Fujos for lunch.
It is used to limit both X and Y columns to the extent of the data.
Therefore, I'm not going to compare Breakfast Club to any other club in CLT.
\n\nI hadn't noticed at first but after someone pointed it out, you'll notice there is an odor in the halls and rooms.
Android - Thread safety while updating arraylist My Activity consists of a BroadcastReceiver and an AsyncTask, both of them update an ArrayList (very often).
Margeaux my stylist was great, she took the time to get to know me, found out what I like and provided great insight.
It's my new favorite pasta in the world, so fresh and savory, with just the right combo of tangy and sweet.
Saving large amount of data from Firebase I actually sizeable amount of data that I retrieve the entire data from when the user log into the app, or to the different view controllers which require the data from Firebase.
Basically what I have is a page, after you successfully logged in you should be taken to the , I've managed to make it so that the 's content is shown, but when it comes to the URL I can see for a split second that it changes to but immidiately changes back to .
I ordered Wienerschnitzel, but I wasn't enthused about french fries and the veg of the day (broccoli) being served with it, so the server cheerfully and enthusiastically switched them for spaetzle and red cabbage.
The ambiance is great, with the traditional wood paneling everywhere.
They have doughnuts the size of your head!
Although, if you are really concerned, there's a whole wall of mirrors for you to check yourself out, also useful if you want to perfect that Sprinkler move.
I think I have worked out the issue.
Such a great low key place to go and have a great dinner.
We told the waitress we were going in, went and got back and sat down to find our two ice teas on the table in mason jars (always dope).
There are other things to do such as a hayride and corn hole.
I've read up about splice but it just confused me more.
The setting is intimate and I enjoyed it.
For example, imagine you have an variable called with value If you want to interact with it you need to call , but first you need to create a global variable: Then, in the callback function of your button you need write the following: Hope this helps
\n\nIn terms of food, drinks and cigars I would rank it as acceptable.
\n\nRobin took great care of us, making sure we had everything we needed and told me I just \""had to try\"" the cornbread so she brought that out as well.
What if you click on the icon (near minimize/maximize), on the bar view and deselect ?
can any one pls help me out: Network Error (dns_unresolved_hostname) Your requested host "d04-7d-7b-a5-e9-2e.hdfs.target.com" could not be resolved by DNS.
Question: Want to be able to move the image around the screen with the arrow keys?
I'll definitely be buying another coupon for Cajun Queen.
Additionally, I've included an method on the class which will read in your array and return a collection of objects.
It seems file path is different when calling functions between modules.
We were instructed to wrap the fish around the garlic and dip it into the sauce which we both did.
\n\nRestaurant week - While restaurant week is fun, I really feel the quality of food in most restaurant goes down.
After racing in Charlotte, we were driving down to Georgia.
If the second string contains data, I want to display the concatenated result (first string and second string).
I try not to give my business to GE.
If you want to implement a truly MVC-like application, you're on the wrong track.
its just like six flags, has great rides, games, food and entertainment.
You may then need to do the above steps to make sure the HTML Editor is chosen when you edit an HTML file.
View the line as (x1,y1) + λ(x2-x1,y2-y1), i.e.
My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
The solution is to save the filename and not the complete path, and to recreate the URL or complete path, by getting the path to the Documents (or tmp) folder and appending the filename to it.
I stuck with you through thick and thin.
This review is geared specifically towards their lunch time fare.
Ended the meal with key lime pie.
They have it all, good burgers, some on sour dough buns, tacos, egg rolls and a changing menu of specialty sandwiches.
We skipped drinks and dessert (we were really too full of other stuff anyway!) and our bill still came to $114 before tip.
With Visual C++, calls the function.
We love the indoor family and warm water pools.
In this case, if I am changing BG, text should remain constant and if I am changing text then BG should remain constant.
Beyond that it is still a hole in the wall divey type of place that is cash-only with excellent food.
Using Debug key store including android's debug.keystore present in .android folder was generating a strange problem; the log-in using facebook login button on android app would happen perfectly as desired for the first time.
What did you do years ago when people were allowed to smoke wherever they went?
What is the route for: I want my route to look better then /example/1 and would rather have it read /notId (where notId would be title or some other non-ID int).
I added this line in my urls : and i set the MEDIA_ROOT already.
I dont know why its not updating the instance variables.
I even had a bartender recognize me and say hi outside of the bar.
You can solve this problem with the mod(...) function and proper use of brackets and referencing.
Also you can run to confirm that you're in the right perforce depot location before doing any integrations.
I know that in SQL you can use as to assign temporary column, but I'm new to LINQ and have no idea if this is possible.
Peach cobbler was perfect, but the strawberry cake was way too sweet.
From Apple's iOS Data Management page: iOS includes the popular SQLite library, a lightweight yet powerful relational database engine that is easily embedded into an application.
The only exposed part of Ruby I have to work with right now is 'msvcrt-ruby18.dll' Also you mentioned something about sandboxing.
Even though no one else likes this place..
Essentially if I have an array with P collumns and V^P rows, how can I fill in all the combinations, that is, essentially, all possible numbers in base V of P digits.
Do give my love to Joseph and don't be a stranger.
I would add a margin / padding to the TileContainer on the left side, so it uses it's own animations and logic to resize / arrange.
And make sure to request their special flavoured whipped cream!\n\nMy scoop of Toasted Almond Fudge ($2.80) so nutty and smooth.
The crust was crispy and of medium thickness which meant the slice wasn't floppy.
This is actually my second time at MCN, but I had stellar experiences both times.
ES6 contains only promises to async operations.
Typically they are perfectly good code - it was just never supposed that they would be on the "critical path".
Keep up all the good work at the Humane Society.
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.
You can get help from following link
Concave Curve With only CSS,A Compound Shapes in CSS I have a CSS student and she is taking a CSS class, and her teacher asked her to create a shape using only CSS codes,without any implementation of an Image.
However, the "append only file" storage mode can optionally be configured to operate in a durable manner, at the cost of performance.
Fill your newtitle buffer with zeroes before copying the string into it, then write that buffer to the file: You can pass whatever ASCII character you want into memset(), to pad it with.
It's the kind of meal I would expect in an New York bistro, but it is right here in Pittsburgh.
I can't understand why I am not enter a new employee's name.
The first would be , the second would be .
BufferedImage turns all black after scaling via canvas I have a method which purpose is to receive an image and return it scaled down.
A common error is to have insufficient memory for the job runner.
If your app uses multiple controllers then you could define a parent controller that gets extended by all your other controllers.
I tried using 5 for horizontal distance and 2.5 for vertical distance and setting variables to these numbers.
It's a small shop, but it has epic high ceilings and it's stuffed from top to bottom with beautiful things.
which is great if you have a small one you cant leave.\n\nNow on this visit we were actually in the NEW Hemby overflow which is accessed by the B elevator located directly behind receptionist in main lobby.
Sample controller code: Then in your template, you can just iterate over the model array: The specifics of how to turn the JSON into an object for display, and how to display the object, are dependent on your needs.
Then i get the id from the innerArray and check if it is already in the tmp array and if not i add it to the tmp array.
My dessert of creme brulee was delicious.
Basically the idea is that you have interfaces that acts as a facade on database and ORM operations.
Clean HTML table with Reshape2 New user of R.
App Crashes On Calling Webview Loadurl method inside switch my app contains a fragment with a webview and a edit text.i have a navigation drawer with 3 choices and use a switch condition to handle selection,on 3 selections i update the same webview with different html files using the foolowing code ..but my app crashes..
Attended a seminar at this hotel recently and found it to be a great place for a corporate event.
The waitress was very nice and the food was delicious.
I did it like this - it works in IE8, Fx3.6, Safari4, Chrome as opposed to the un-edited string which works in Fx but not in several other browsers: but I am sure someone will post a REGEX with backreferencing :)
The Neutrogena toiletries are a good touch.
Sorry, but I want two flavors and don't want to weigh 300 pounds so I'm only gonna eat 12-14 wings.
There's no pattern like in Common Lisp.
It was filled with fresh strawberries, sour cream, brown sugar bits..
In that case, you would might want a normalized database model: Users (Id int, Name varchar) Accounts (Id int, Name varchar) Logins (Id int, Name varchar) Events (Id int, Name varchar) UserEvents (UserId int, EventId int) AccountEvents (AccountId int, EventId int) LoginEvents (LoginId int, EventId int)
I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips, they are light years better than the regular fries.
What else can you add when every time we eat here it is so delicious ...
After some experimentation, I have found a way to specify a custom skipper and will outline it here: The secret lies in the call of the parser.
The most of the problems we had while moving the software to a new OS (it was an 15 year old hpux) where with the ESQL code.
If you save room for dessert, the apple strudel is a must.
If anyone could provide answers, code, or tutorial for any of these… it would be greatly appreciated.
I used but I didn't the same plot.
You may want to get the cache status using the JavaScriptExecutor.
The food tasted good and the service was very friendly and helpful.\n\nFor the uninitiated, there are basically three menus here.
The french toast is particularly noteworthy.\n\n\n\nAdvice: CASH ONLY; FOR BFAST, CLOSES AT 2 PM (I think - it's been a long time since I was there.
My favorite is their grilled mackerel.
I have a simple window with a ListView with 3 columns in it.
It's by far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
\n\n-Frozen fun stuff: pie crusts and ice cream - we found the flavors and brands we were looking for\n\n-Packaged goods: cereal, pancake mix, tortilla chips, canned tomato, pepperoncini peppers, and I'm sure a handful of other things I'm forgetting at the moment.\n\nBottom line: Harris Teeter is a pleasure to shop at no matter what you're \""in the market\"" for - quite literally!
Probably only comes up in the fall...\n\nWe'll be back.
so that the plot shows sets of data referring to solutions as a function of each with a different value of .
However, you should only use these interfaces to reference to entities, because they could always be proxies.
The only reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is that it is somewhat close to the highway, which detracts from the tranquil nature of the property, though not enough to prevent me from staying again.
Everything comes out quick, fast and in a hurry which is imperative when you get into this place and your mouth starts drooling over your neighbors' meals.
The soups are homemade as well.\n\nServers were older and ours was friendly and helpful!
What I'm curious to know is if this limit applies to and when they're unrolled in the following manner: I ask because, hypothetically, there might be cases where a list larger than 256 items gets unrolled as a set of or .
Yes, I am sick in the head.
I crave these tacos when the sun is shining!
I do not know if it is blaspheme to order the pie \""double cooked\"", but I would like to try that.
For such a small place it's pretty amazing what they already have going on there.
Went back today for lunch for a pepperoni and mushroom Calzone.
I usually add the to the managedObject class Add this to your Document.h Add this method to your Document.m } Off course you should change the key paths to your Document object properties.
Why would this one be diffrent?
I'm obviously thinking about escaping this HTML and it seems to work but I would prefer consumers not to bother escaping a potentially large template.
\n\nI'm not shy when it comes to eating raw things, and this was HEAVENLY.
It is in both Chinese and in English, but includes almost exclusively authentic Chinese dishes.
You can fetch that image from your server and get it from your server to avoid CORS issues..
\nFirst of all, this is where I met my wife, she was sitting at the bar drinking water.
In the highstock you cannot use categories, only datetime type, so you should parse your data to timestamp and use it in the data.
This place is always on the list for my office to have lunch.
My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.
You can create custom form and show it next to the system notification area.
I apologise for the complete noob question but my usual dev is on holiday and I'm pretty new at code.
Use the method of the class.
If you want to swap it out for Hibernate later on you can do it without affecting clients, but you'll have a chance of making progress without Hibernate that way.
It's worth more time to further explore their menu.
Best drum shop between Chicago and Memphis!
All in all we will be dining here again.
Similarly for passing std::vector as a constant reference: could access to (which might was constructed by an executable compiled with a different compiler(-version)) lead to trouble within ?
Oh my why didn't I review this place, like, a year ago?
Whenever I have family visiting, and we have the time, we trek over for a delicious dinner at Bado's.
See the example code below: 2.Remove from your code.
\n\nBesides old-fashioned looking (but now back in style) furniture, bedding, and bath items, Restoration Hardware offers cool retro items like games, telescopes, record album (yes, record ALBUM, as in LP) frames, and other gadgets.
CSS padding issue for vertically centered text I've been trying to work this out all day long I've got a script for some jQuery dropdowns for my form, but the text within the drop down is not centered vertically in the box.
This is a great place to buy re-purposed old windows, office furniture, old industrial sinks, old wood, door knobs, electrical stuff and more for construction projects.
The treadmills with the no time cutoff and tvs are my favorite.
The interior isnt that great, but the food more than makes up for it.
At first, this worked quite well - we used it in-shop as a simple indicator to help focus training efforts and do a better job overall.
I was in Charlotte for a class and stayed here.
You may need to restart the Visual Studio.
If you want to create a new object from a class of which the name is stored in a string, you can use: Or in your case: However, I personally don't like the idea of using variables like this.
They conceptually organize revisions as changesets which allow you to very easily branch/merge your code.
and the result was the above "efbbbf" output of the above was efbbbf but what is it?
Responsive divs without using flexbox I'm working on a chat interface at the moment and currently have the viewport height to 100vh, with a header/navbar, a "main content" section, and the footer where the input field is located - (see fiddle here ) The way I have it currently coded has the "main" section receive content from the AJAX calls made via the input field in the footer.
\n\nCafeteria- salad bar is paid for by WEIGHT so keep that in mind.
Here you can find PJSIP struct which holds these codes and SIP codes description
So either add to the XML layout, or call the ViewGroup's setClipChildren method if you are building the interface programatically.
\n\nA bit of interesting art to view, and a nice sunny place to sit outside, if you choose.
Soba is usually my pick to use my free entree coupon from the Big Burrito restaurant group and there's a reason I keep going back.
You mentioned 'columns' so it sounds like you have header's of A, B, and C and they want to see a totals.
The delivery guy knew my name and was always friendly with me.
You should initialize the object of class, You should check is called or not.
Django ModelForm - Allowing adds for ForeignKey I'm trying to mimic the functionality from the Django Admin tool where it allows you to add objects for foreign keys (a little plus icon next to a dropdown).
\n\nI have stopped through a couple of times and remember the food being really tasty and the airport being easy to maneuver.
I find that people tend not to care if a language can do something they don't already have an interest in.
These guys are great!!!\nMy boyfriend took his dog here the other day and they took him without an appointment with no hassles!
But how do I acheive the desired result?
We went in for brunch and there was a long line of people waiting.
I'm an Asian from America and typically don't like to agree with my parents, but I'll make an exception for Pamela's.
Below are the parameters I filled in: I'm replacing the action of the HTML to go through the API I added: But now when I run the HTML I get the following error from the API: Seems like the WSO2 gateway forwarded the request as application/x-www-form-urlencoded rather than as mulipart/form-data.
Perfect for a busy family that can use some help.
This is my go to place when in Charlotte I have been going here for years and they have only gotten better as times goes by.
\n\nHaving gone through the purchase process just a few days ago with my lady's car, the financing was a cinch.
You can achieve this by checking for as it will return if the user is not logged in.
Currently I have a toggle button that is bound to a boolean property (DualLayout) in my code behind.
And I'm glad I did.\n\nThe way the airport is laid out in general is cool.
static and volatile qualifiers after type Bjarne explains why const can go either before or after a type.
If you see the values that you expect then I believe you have confirmed two things: successfully extracted the correct value from the textbox GET request is succeeding, and the success callback is being invoked
is this a logical error or any other issue?
If you are anywhere near Charlotte you have to visit this place.
Also, my plate did not seem 100% clean although it really wasn't a big issue.
God.\n\nThe best crab-cakes I have ever had in my entire life.
I checked and saw that indeed, I had not.
I have a very simple query and I have a correct index for that query.
SELECT * from 2 different non related tables in PHP/MySQL I have the following code...
Which should you use, abstract classes or interfaces?
This makes sense because during development, you don't want to load the installed version of the gem, which could be different from the code in your working dir.
They have rearranged and updated the men's floor!
Room service was good, but expensive.
The place is quite hectic, however.
Friend got the salad appetizer and the spinach eggs benedict.
The place is loud and great for families.
How to deep link an app from the Facebook App builtin browser?
I had my first ever eye exam at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists, and they were absolutely incredible.
Smaller regional flights are out of E.
Forgot to mention it's cash only.
The eggplant was breaded and fried and layered with pesto, marinara, and layers of delicious cheese.
The sashimi platter was presented in a bowl of ice and consisted of five varieties of fish.
Only downfall is they can be a wee but friendlier at the front desk .
(I don't use a VM) Any simple approach is welcome, pure ASP.NET/PushSharp-based approach is preferred as I don't need to change my whole codebase.
Get to the Chase:\n\nPros:\n1) Fantastic ribs!
The cornbreads were very delicious and warm.
Selector in Method over riding In the case of method over riding in objective c how selector knows that which method needs to call via selector?
The contrast of the cool greens with the warm chicken was superb.\n\nService was great and we had several visits to our table to see how things were going.
Take the kids, they love watching the planes.
This is my home airport but since it is also the largest Hub for US Airways I also have to fly thru during business travel.
I would be very grateful if someone could help me with this.
You're not just a number--professors remember you by name (or at least face), they're accessible, they listen, and most importantly, they approach their jobs as a person first, and a \""Dr\"" second.
However, only PaidMember is allowed to participate an event.
I do like the \""south jersey cheese steak\"" an awful lot.
I told the waitress, and she agreed and said not everybody likes the drink, I'll take it off your bill, and I ordered another, which was amazing.
if ur in the area and have a thing for some good ole chinese food for lunch, give this place a shot!
each downloaded script is executed by a global call to main(), which is unknown to the caller script.
I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised.
We had lunch available, which was a buffet.
Now I want to register the allowed bundles for the currently called website dynamically in the its WebsiteKernel.
Altogether, the following code solves your problem:
The second argument to bounds the search, so to search for a string on the current line, go to the start of the line, and use the end of the line as your bound: If you don't want to move point, then use to preserve it:
I was very impressed by his expertise and customer service, and learned he has been doing this for 45 years.
\n\nOne downside - there we're a couple of screaming kids present for most of our meal.
I also tried: But that did not work at all.
Contents of Second combobox: Password reset Hardware problem SQL My question: When I select 'PC' in the first combo box I want 'Password Reset' and 'Hardware Problem' to show up.
For some reason, some of them get metadata in them (like Fireworks stuff) which causes it to bug out in certain situations.
I found the method on a previous post ( ).
It's your decent, standard Americanized Chinese fare.
With script: It returns instead of If you wonder why I'm doing it.
truly a delight to work with!
If I have my app approved for beta testing release through TestFlight, is this taken into consideration when submitting the app for review to the store?
Clutter uses Cogl for rendering, but it can also use Cairo for 2D elements.
We went for a rehearsal dinner and it was breath taking.
Correction, you're missing the , and you're missing the in
We are glad we seen Maggie and her owner that day.
Send Event Email Reminder asp.net mvc im not using an event scheduler just asp.net mvc and need to send a reminder 4 days before event.
I guess they've got to keep the food moving since there's always a crowd during lunch hour.
Set the background in canvas using layer (zIndex) I need to get a background on canvas using layers.
I've got a template class and I want to be able to use it something like Such that Player now has all of those operators overloaded for it.
Google Glass Live Card not inserting Glass GDK here.
Shane, the manager, has been very patient and friendly.
It counts the most popular posts from Monday , not the past 7 days.
in the onCreate method of the activity, e.g.: XML example:
I have found that i can check if is plugged in a specific barcode scanner with his VID/PID, here some code: How can I do that is read by my program only the input of my barcode scanner?
on Amazon which already knocks off prices..
Everything was expertly prepared with balanced flavors and appropriate portioning.
Strong drinks, dark and smoky, cozy booths, great juke box.
The frustrating part is that I get that response from the server from all but one of my methods.
RestEasy GET method accepts HEAD requests I have the merhod annotated with @GET.
Things I've tried before posting this: Clearing the browser cache Changing back to jQuery 1.6.4 (still happens - obviously) Using jQuery 1.7-specific code to make sure 1.7 is actually being loaded - works fine when I use 1.7 but obviously gives undefined errors with 1.6.4 - I thought this should prove 1.7 is actually running Commenting out and removing all other Javascript from my application - everything except for jQuery 1.7.
I'd check that is defined prior to any action that depends on it: UPDATE: If you need to validate that the feature is there and that it is also not turned off, you have to use a safer approach.
The warning is: Invalid child element 'Android.Support.V4.View.ViewPager'.
Getting take out at Sarku usually take 7-10 minutes if they don't have any ready when you have walk up to order.
Valgrind out of memory This is the message I get when valgrind crashes and stops profiling my app: I 've tried using huge swap files but it doesn't get better.
I have been reading and it was fairly easy to write each frame to a seperate file.
The spinach enchiladas were delicious and the service was prompt.
As far as I'm concerned, lock-free multi-threading is for real threading experts, of which I'm not one.
From the errors manual: Cause : A remote LOB column cannot be referenced.
Great place for families and couples.
This place is a nice hometown \""big\"" bar.
All are of the classic asynchronous programming model type ...
I never grew up with a pet so getting one was a new experience.
Also, a head's up: the adjoining parking lot is small, so if you have a reservation or are meeting people, make sure you allow time to find alternative parking if the lot is full.
If for example, you had to call the Command on the side of View, for example in the attached behavior, then you would need to use .
So I moved my answer to a new SO question: " .
Charming store with high quality items.
Note: I am a committer for Eclipse Collections.
I had breakfast here this morning, while waiting for Firestone to change my oil and rotate my tires.
If the value starts with a non-numeric character, it would be tokenized as a string, which is why the first example works.
you need to check the result from , make sure value is not nil.
There are at least 2 bike racks outside, cars have decent options too.
Read the Floating-Point Guide Never use or for money amounts Use instead, that's exactly what it's for
Since no one else has taken a stab at it, I'll present my understanding of the problem (disclaimer: I'm not an expert on reinforced learning and I'm posting this as an answer because it's too long to be a comment) Think of it this way: when starting at, for example, node d, a random walker has a 50% chance to jump to either node e or node a.
I came here for the first time Saturday to watch the atrocious pitt vs.
\n\nAnd the sweet and sour chicken my sons got?
But I don't know what should I do to form to get the position of the mouse all the time.
He delivered our first daughter and even when he wasn't able to deliver our second, he made sure we were comfortable with the other doctor on staff that night (she was also from his practice, Providence Women's Care).\n\nEvery nurse we encountered in labor and delivery, the aftercare maternity ward, and the nursery was just amazing.
There was a medium-size crowd at Soba that night, consisting oddly of mostly older people and businessmen - not many twenty somethings in sight!
The non-booth side feels like a cafeteria, though, since the tables are so close together.
Plus my drink of choice (Bailey's with Coffee) probably would not go well with Chinese food!
Code is begin to swim around the screen...must sleep.
Last week I decided to add the error log view to my product.
Specifying a welcome file in the web.xml does not seem to work, but that would be nice and simple.
Everythings is fine except CSS @media, view is only rendered with normal CSS class in bootstrap but not CSS class in media.
\n\nIt's a planned development often referred to as \""Pleasantville.\"" There are some nice homes, restaurants, shops, a YMCA, a library, and more.
I don't know which location, but it was downtown in amongst the UW campus and State buildings.
I highly recommend the cheese plate, it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.
I have a ListView that is editable, I want it so that if a user clicks on Edit and then Update, that the field is updated with the value from another textbox, not the field they are editing.
infinite loop), so it may be safer to simply define something like: where the "current" a is "fed" to b to produce the update.
How to get "Internet Call" Information in Android Im working on android application in which i take backup of all contact information and then restore,i retreive all information of contact, For example: Display Name Phone Number Similary But i unable to get "Internet Call" value.
I get these strange oscillating ripples in my water.
I assume this will work, but you haven't shown where is defined: Doing this however, means that the caller of has to be able to perform the appropriate downcast.
Solid Italian food, great atmosphere both inside and out, and family owned and run.
To exit the function stack without exiting shell one can use the command: As &nbsp; &nbsp; Note: the only reason I didn't select
To test the reverse, I added a third button which pops up a dialog with a DataGridView that gets bound to the same datatable.
If I ate meat, maybe I'd be cool with getting a burger elsewhere but this place has the ever elusive veggie burger as a substitute with any gourmet burger on the menu and they are DAMN good.\n\nSome things about Red Robin are less than satisfactory.
We liked everything except the bacon.
My goal is to be able to hook a C# DLL function, so being able to find these C# DLLs is a must in this project.
Now if one is causing issues, I have to go down a hierarchy of includes to figure out which view is actually including the facelet.
The only thing we DIDN'T like was the continual (loud) birthday celebrations.
Our goal of the night was to have a nice Italian dinner and not feel rushed to eat.
Tough, blue collared in which any north east resident can appreciate.\n\nGrade: A
Search for string but with minus substring I want to search for strings from a list but I do not want that value returned if the string contains the substring "banner".
One traditional "Microsoft" answer to this is to let them keep using Access...
This is no head shop, so don't waste your time looking for pipes made from materials other than briar or meerschaum.\n\nI dropped a good amount of dough here considering it was my first visit.
send your data; as long as the printer comprehends it, you're cool.
Looks like the place has a full bar as well.\n\nThere is outdoor seating for when it is warmer and the wait staff are pretty friendly.\n\nWhen I was here last Saturday, they were having trivia - which looked fun.
Both were very very good hats off to the chef.
Definitely will add them to my list of restaurants to revisit.
The pizza, not really all that great.
The valet worked so hard, they could not keep up with just the sheer amount of volume coming through.
For not super expensive, there were large quantities, many options, a very helpful waitress who helped us make some very difficult choices, and a clear willingness to tailor anything on the menu to suit our needs.
I understand that in Scala, generic types have by default nonvariant subtyping.
SELECT c1.cat_id as childID, c1.cat_name ChildName, c2.cat_name as ParentName from category c1 LEFT OUTER JOIN category c2 ON c1.parent = c2.cat_id
An alternative is to use timestamps from the CRAN FTP but I am also not sure how good this solution is.
I just know to call and schedule things.
My cousin introduced me to this Black Lion while I was visiting from San Diego.
IMHO, it isn't necessary to poll your connection.
I contacted Union Cab for their courier service to get her item to the hotel.
This should replace the stockvalue of code 34512340 to 10.
You barely have time to put on the parking brake before the staff is there with the van to carry your bags to the shuttle.
how do I create search bar which will update search on typing I created an application with the search on button click.
They are, in my mind, the best Pizza place in Pittsburgh.
From the above code I have loaded my hierarchyListsData continuously and I have to fetch list that corresponds to have teamMemberId which is equal to reportingMemberId till the object has no other corresponding values.
had to ask for extra gravy, but came fairly quickly.
To conditionally expand to certain values requires rather involved macrology and might not always work out the way you want.
Using conditions to specify groups for GROUP BY I'm not even sure if this is possible using SQL, but I'm completely stuck on this problem.
He wasn't very friendly and added extra food to the order, repetitive of things that I did order causing me to have lots of the same things.
30414093201713378043612608166064768844377641568960512000000000000 The recursive function took 0.00299 seconds.
So given the list below compiler should infer following tuple: Is this even possible, and if so, how it can be done in C++?
You didn't specify what compiler(s) you are using, but if you have access to gcc/g++ you can use the -MM option.
I lost my IPAD.\n\nWhere could it be?\n\nRetracing my steps after I arrived in Raleigh I thought to call Harper's in Charlotte where I had lunch the day before.
Spent the course of the day trying to find out who brought this amazing cake and where it is from!
SVG- how to define reference/anchor points Is it possible to define some kind of anchor/reference point inside an SVG?
\nMy balcony didn't turn into an outdoor oasis after one weekend.
I promised myself that when given the opportunity to try them I would.
If you don't want to use a CLR function then you could create a standard user-defined function.
\n\n-Floor-to-ceiling windows with a sunny southern exposure of natural light\n-Quaint white-painted rocking chairs for sitting in the sunny windows (and functional -- a rocking chair is really relaxing!)\n-A huge, clean food court with Starbucks, TCBY, Burger King, Quiznos, Chili's, Pizza Hut, Freshens, Mrs.
Some of these reviews seem like they were expecting fine dining.
Still don't know why click() doesn't work.
Food is served family style so a small portion will feed two people.
However, the tests comparing canvas and &lt; img > were targeting mostly javascript browser games.
Using gif image and saving I tried to add gif image into a canvas and after adding, gif was static but when I change some other object property, i.e.
I don't like tofu so much, but their tofu appetizer is fantastic - and is a large portion for a moderate cost.
It occurs randomly and unable to reproduce the error.
The food was a hit including homemade epinadas and pork sliders.
It's always friendly service, and they're very accommodating.
check if random point is inside of polygon, if not then try again.
\n\nBe sure to check your receipt when you go because it may have a survey that you can do online in a minute or two and you get free code for one of their sandwiches or a drink.
That would've been nice to know before I authorized the repair, it is kind of inconvenient to take it to 2 different places.
Apple pear vinaigrette is a winner too.
Everything was very tasty and obviously high-quality.
This is by far the best dipping experience I've ever had.\n\nOnto the MEATBALL.
White lightening was a simple one loop and up a hill and then again backwards.
Not sure how that would be done, though.
all other files in the project, and other projects diff just fine.
\n\nWhat you wont find here: A trendy atmosphere like Nakama ( I picked Nakama because it is also so popular in PGH), but the sushi MORE than makes up for it.
I could feel at home here.\n\nYou definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though.
Their bread has no artificial ingredients or preservatives and according to their website, shouldn't be refrigerated but can be frozen (they gave me extra bags when I told them I want to freeze mine).
I love that there is equipment in the women's locker room so most days I don't have to step outside my comfort zone.\n\nThe cycle, athletic conditioning, kettlebell and strength training classes are top notch.
This is going to be pretty messy though.
GET: GET: This is what the model has in it:
I want the user to be able to his Next until the 28th UITextField row.
I tried with and without any success...
I figure it shouldn't matter because a) everything is mapped into the process address space anyways, and b) I have a C++ DLL that is injected (dynamically loaded?) and I can find that just fine.
I've been a slackliner for several years and love that there is always one set up (unless there is a class going on in that area) and super easy to use.
There are some workarounds posted however, in order to accomplish it in a quite simple way.
The starters are phenomenal, to the point where I sometimes think that the entrees are superfluous.
The service is attentive, providing you with hot towels to clean your hands before dinner.
Very expensive for a college student, but quite good.\nI would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general.
The code you need is as following: If your application uses any different shared preferences you may need to clear them too in the following way:
They only carry more premium foods, so if you feed your cat Fancy Feast or Cat Chow, don't come here for that sort of thing.
My question is what happens if rules are applied to html form multiple time.
From my perspective it attempts to provide a precise estimate in for things that have been shown repeatedly to not be precisely measurable.
This is a new topic for me so I'm not familiar with the proper methods to accomplish this.
Is there a tool that can do this?
They are very kind and nice, polite and funny.
If you go or it's another day, let me know!\n\nTellem HITTofMCM sent ya!
Everything works fine - data is being displayed, however the text is displaying as ?????
The last code snippet attached is the form.php file, which I have tried to link to within the html.
The store was empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon and I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured.
After clicking on a div, the text is changing as I would like, but after the first shot it doesn't work anymore.
There usually isn't, and if there is, generally only a few (maybe partial templates used to build large list views) are responsible.
I assume this is my uderlying problem.
It was modern, clean, bright, and had tons of well-kept machines.
The room looked exactly like we had discussed in our meetings.
Java 7 also introduced and similar methods although not as full featured as JUnit assertions.
Old Navy was my spot today, riding around the Carolinas.
Second, it assigns $\ (the output record separator) to have the value of octnum so that any print statements will have that separator added back on.
I ended up going with the signature potato salad, which a hit at the picnic!
Each item is a control that has a attribute set to Black.
More on scope: I just noticed you mentioned you want the value to remain after you run the program.
They were extremely helpful with the menu, never rushed us.
It's fairly basic and bare-bones, e.g.
Reasonably priced, and the service is outstanding.
But I can't make it compile or don't know if I am doing it right.
After being ripped off by a small family owned auto repair shop in Madison, I was pretty leary of taking my car any where in this city.
I was so stressed and so tired from not sleeping that I almost broke down in her clinic (I am in medicine and I am usually a rock), and her swift thinking outside the box that had both diagnostic and comfort in mind for my lil one.
Creating relations in parse.com with multiple classes (JavaScript SDK) Using parse.com and JavaScript SDK.
In terms of storage how scalable is glusterfs filesystem ?
One option is to override the parent's in the child theme and modify it directly with Lastly, WordPress will look for a file before loading a template for a custom post type's single view.
(as italian as they say they are.)\n\nAnyway, I keep reading all these rave reviews about the chicken tenders, and as I waited for my pizza, multiple people came in and ordered those chicken tenders, so they must be good.\n\nBut back to my pizza, it was AMAZING.
anything they make is great .
I believe this this necessary IIRC though it might not matter.
Can you not just do this on the Linux box directly using samba?
The only place I'd gladly drive to Charlotte just to eat.
The inside of the airport is really nice.
One of the employees, Chris, walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed.
pumpkin cheesecake, lava cake, and something else.
That means, the retry was ignored.
The structure should be following format Note: Content_available should be true and priority should be high then only u recevied the notification.
They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.
Some dishes are not as good as others (such as eggplant and spinach).
Backbone will auto-populate the model (Content) specified in your collection and automatically add them to your collection.
You must stop in here, even if you don't think you want vintage clothing.
Please let me know if any work around for this ..
My hubs and I eat at Bad Daddy's in Dilworth for all of our burger needs and always ALWAYS upgrade to the bison.
Many of the buildings and games have been there quite a long time.
The staff were friendly and attentive.
They have drink specials that definitely should be taken advantage of and even if your favorite drink isn't on special, you should still try them out.
This was one of my favorite Chinese places in C-U, and it's just a tiny place with a few tables.
Instead you should show a new view asking for additional details then set those details onto the new user and save it.
Likewise I would also put a breakpoint in the debugger and confirm that does indeed point to a valid object at that point in the code .
I have started using GUIDE and after mild cussing I have hit rock bottom.
The manager, Tim, was genuinely grateful for the feedback and wanted to ensure a good experience.
Can someone point me to a link which will allow me to use maven to build my axis2 webservice and debug the code inside eclipse?
I loved talking with them about being Asian American, growing up in a small town and teaching second generation kids their native tongue.
In my plug-in main view class I create and add the copy action to each of the menus: Everything works great up to this point.
In Server Hello, server anounces what encrypiton it can accept.
The \""three flavored chicken\"" was also tasty with its crispy, breaded chunks of white meat chicken.
I simple have an entity named albums with Attributes for Name, Artist, Year, Album Art, and such.
Why does my KISS FFT plot show duplicate peaks mirrored on the y-axis?
So I obviously do: But now if I do I don't get the three elements, I just get a print out of the FIRST $items element like so: I read here: that you need to use the ->children() method.
Atmosphere is a bit dated and very Pittsburgh, but if you are looking for decent American Italian at good prices with good service, highly recommend.
\n\nI do want to make note that if you park in daily.
Once we got inside we were told we would have a 40 minute wait.
In your example, the first 10 actions in your report only occurred for 1 visit each (they may even have all been the same visit - you can't tell from this report).
Android Studio Messages View doesn't show every time Im Running Android studio in Debian 8 and when I build apk errors are shown in Message view.
I would appreciate a detailed response, specific to OSX.
I used to love Smokey Bones when I lived in Orlando.
\n\nYards of linen, tons of silverware, and hordes of waiters make this place a must go in Pittsburgh.\n\nOur table of six enjoyed perfectly done steaks and fillets, beautiful accompaniments of vegetables and potatoes, great salads, excellent desserts, along with an impressive wine offering.
There were shelves and shelves of bric-a-brac to sort through, kitchen supplies galore, and so many clothes I couldn't even think about looking through them all.
Try to check in web.inf file if by any parameter is their from where you can change the date.
MySQL select as special and the output exclude null version This is my sql statement, as you can see the the select SELECT category as special, how can I only get special is NOT NULL.
We made it in this past weekend for another spectacular experience.
You want to join these tables.
But the brunch is a divine value.
When I am trying to copy from non-filtered worksheet to filtered worksheet, the data is also pasted to non-visible cells in the filtered worksheet.
There are several compilation errors in your example including a malformed lambda expression, mismatched parentheses, incorrect identitfiers ( is not a property, I'm assuming you mean not ), and incorrect indentation following the binding.
The best way to coordinate multiple asynchronous operation is to use promises.
Decent bakery in the heart of Mt.
If it's too sweet to order for your whole meal, it's definitely worth ordering as a side for a few to split just to get a taste!
However, the reference would become dangling after the full-expression, i.e.
A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling.
\n\nI've never really had a bad experience with Enterprise, but this location in particular is just full of really nice people.
Currently the way I see it is my best option being to have a new class to transfer the data through, if at all possible I would prefer not to have to write a class just for transfering the data but I am thinking that is what I am going to have to do.
What is the GPars default pool size?
\n\nWith rats, it's sometimes hard to find (even highly experienced) vets who understand that a rat has a personality and bonds with its owner to the same degree as a dog--many people act like pet rats are just large gerbils.
If so, how do I help the IntentService differentiate between the two calling classes?
How do I resolve this issue?
Also, I don't know how Oracle does it's query plan caching for views, but perhaps it has something to do with that?
Also to add a link after the link, use instead of (which appends to innerHTML).
My newest favorite is the First!
My unit test is like this: The app resource is: Any pointers or examples of how to test a Content Stream in Flask?
Incredible drink specials, great atmosphere, and delicious food.
However, it doesn't make sense to make it serializable anyway, since it doesn't have any serializable data in it to transmit over the network.
Using CBC DES encryption in java card I am trying to encrypt data using Cipher class .
May be four, because my phone has four cores.
They deserve prizes.\n\nI came to Soba with two friends for the Oc Om Boc festival, and was pleased to order and eat the price-fixed ($35) four-course meal they offered.
You can find the code here: Javascript HTML Documentation I have package my solution as a managed and unmanaged CRM solution that can be imported and utilised on any form.
See your answer on below link
You go here for the quality and not the bargains.
But, when I try to add a linebreak between categories and tags, it doesn't float to extreme left as in the image below.
The selection is decent, but be careful, there can be some expired suds lurking.
Her art involves three-D constructions of animals using politically charged images.
But it's consistently the worst coffee in town.
If it does not have strong name, if not explicitly added to project file, it will not be copied to output directory when build so you may miss depending assemblies, especially after cleaning the output directory.
During this winter break, we have been going through some serious withdraw while the cafe is closed.\n\nThank you YELPERS once again, in our search to satiate our curry addiction, we have found our distributor!
Every vector has a magnitude or length , which can be found using Pythagora's theorem: This is basically the length of a line from the origin to the point expressed by the vector.
I was really impressed with a Mini-Farmer's Market, located around the E Concourse.
This assigns values to length, area, volume, etc.
I had the arugula --one of my favorite words.
I highly recommend giving this place a try!
Most of the items we had for dinner (appetizers, entrees and dessert)
\n\nPizza Perfectta is part of a chain of pizza shops that include Cafe Milano, Pizza Milano and Pizza Mineo's
— If either operand is of type long double, the other shall be converted to long double.
Because of there are a lot of different implementations for TimePicker.
To truly run something else in parallel where both your task and other nodejs code can literally run at the same time, you would have to create a new process and let the new process carry out your task.
I typically do take out and it is well worth the drive
This value has the type uint32, that means it has a maximum size of: "4294967295".
We wanted Italian since we had satisfied our palates on other foods throughout our trip.
Ritters is, for me, the definition of a diner.
I'm such a huge fan of hole-in-the-walls.
The hotel itself was clean and quiet and the staff made us feel very welcomed.
I was encouraged to come here by the insistence of a friend who comes in enough that it's just a matter of time before he has his own personalized mug.
I'm thinking I should have a separate Entity for the songs, and have a one-to-many relationship with it.
\n\nWe got takeout on a Sunday night (another reason why my expectations were not super high) and once we got home, I could immediately tell we had potential.
Not being a true fan of chains, I agreed.
But I don't think that the name of the copied uninstaller is always the same and also I don't like to assume things I'm not sure are real.
I was down in Charlotte on business for five days and I ate here four of those days for lunch.
How to deeplink to product page for Amazon Shopping app in Android?
I bought two Brett Freund (PA artists) ceramic pieces and they were so beautifully wrapped I felt guilty they were only for me.
So to be fair, this review is based only on my very first visit which was good and I'd go back if I could press replay on this visit.\nThat being said, I am surprised by the low rating here.
Python will not understand List Sorry I have a very basic python question.
You'll also learn the the reason why downtown is called uptown (hint- locals called it \""uptown\"" as far back as the 50s - before it was a trendy term).
Bytes don't really have meaning on their own -- each one is just 8 bits strung together.
I didn't know bbq could be this good this far north.
Also: how do I show the results in two columns, like in the example below (instead of math and English I want to put Fahrenheit and Celsius)
When you walk in the door, don't be fooled by the small space.
hello- I am trying to write a function that takes 2 arrays (sortedArray and sortedArrayRanks) and return an output array like the one below.
Our red pizza was a similar experience as I imagine the cheese and crust were the same and while the red sauce was good, it lacked a little of the oomph that white sauce had.
Try upgrading to the latest version of Selectmenu .
\n\nThe shrimp were seasoned very well and not overcooked at all!
My favorite tea is the China Rose tea, which not only has a beautiful look to it, but has a wonderful taste!
Their food is amazing and the prices aren't too bad either.\n\nI have a slight issue with LaTorre's and here it is: Once upon a time, I asked for the Cubano sandwich but with NO mustard.
using the standard class element-invisible in page preprocess ..
The have a TV too to watch while you are waiting for your order.
The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it.
The multipart has a custom boundary but I can't seem to be able to set it.
Cedric was a great server I'd be happy to have him serve us again.
I went almost every Tuesday as it was cheaper on Tuesday.
Kind of like something you'd had for a family gathering that has plenty of love put into it.
For example - here's the right and wrong way to do it when launching an AsyncTask from a fragment: Create your task with a ref to the activity so you can do something when it's done: WRONG: RIGHT: If the Activity dies while an AsyncTask is executed, it will continue to run.
For a snack, you cannot beat the soft pretzels.
Let me start right out by saying that this review has nothing to do with food!!!
Have you thought about bucketing by problem and stream processing the input data?
I would like to iterate over a list of objects and get an array as the results of the items that pass a condition.
I first heard of The Park House, due to their Blue Grass night (Wednesdays).
It's a bit like playing the lottery.\nVERY small shower.\nBreakfast was less on Sunday, as they rely on local bakeries.
They really went out of their way to help me out on the spot, and it made my morning.
Ho Ho Cherry House has my vote!
My wife and I went there for our anniversary and it was delicious.
I have a user who is experiencing a crash using the app store version of an iPhone app.
And their toast comes pre-buttered - taking care of that pesky cold-butter-on-hard-toast problem.\n\nIt's greasy spoon brunch fare at its very best.
Best choice for hearty, simple popular Italian dishes I took my parents there for dinner and we all enjoyed our meal.
How to aggregate values over a bigger than RAM gzip'ed csv file?
I love that I've found a bookstore that isn't a chain.
I have been going to this place for about one year.
.htaccess - Virtual Directory for a single predefined file How would be the .htaccess lines to make a Virtual Directory from a single php File?
Does the fact that I am creating this table on the fly with data received from an AJAX call have anything to do with the problem?
The wiki page says to use a "Java source files", not "Interface Builder Storyboard files" as your screen capture shows.
This is what it looks like,
\n\nAlso if you are grilling and dont want to cook too many sides, you can pick up some of their sides from their deli section.
If anyone has any thoughts on this they would be much appreciated.
I love the No Chip Mani!!
I've had such good experiences with ARL, that I will probably return here again and again.
I'd rate this joint 10 million stars if I could.
That \""line\"" of people will disappear as quickly as a new one appears.\n\nA night hasn't gone by since our first visit that my wife and I haven't wanted to go back.
I know it complicates things, but if someone could come up with a solution that could work in this situation, that would be awesome.
I'm not really a dessert person, but I was going home to visit and I always like to bring a little bit of Pittsburgh home with me so I stopped in for some goodies.
Go in for the service, leave out with your food, love your tummy when you get home.
This problem only occurs on the live server.
Serialization is the process by which data-structures are converted into a format that can be easily stored or transmitted and subsequently reconstructed.
At the moment I am doing the text change with jQuery but I would rather use the full Angular way...So it's kinda of a binding but from within a directive.
Again, I think this is a less favorite approach to tackle this functionality, but it's pure XAML.
One has a video and the other has text.
Anyways, I still love you Geo's..but you are no longer in my selective 5 star club.
I'm currently using XNA for a Windows platform game, and have no interest in developing for the X360 at this time.
You create new VenueViewModel, fill it with data and that is all.
Yes, storing this token into a config var is the right way to go.
You probably forgot to link angular-animate script from your index.html page.
But at which point is the invoked on activity ?
The only thing that didn't go was the older, un-renovated bathroom tiles & fixtures, but it really didn't bother us at all, because the shower water pressure was great.
Highly recommended, very filling and cheap.
Last night I diverged from the \""usual\"" and ordered the chicken kabob instead of the 1/2 pound Goliath of meaty goodness.
It was a bit too spicy for me, but that's just my taste and I think it was a really cozy meal.
Great pricing and place for piercing, in the case of my tragus and 2nd lobe piercings.
Using an HTML link and taping it does not work.
The bartenders are excellent, the atmosphere fun, and the drinks strong.
We didn't even eat dinner that night!\n\nNext time we're shopping at HT on 51, Chi Thai will be an easy choice for quick takeout.
I did: But the output is incorrect: Desired output:
That is, the following does NOT work: While if I simply move the menu setup down to the main routine: Then the menu is created (I know I don't have any actions hooked up, this is stripped down to show the oddity).
Hoping to come back for Oktoberfest in our dirndl and lederhosen!
For some reason, it does not seem to show that I am fetching any sort of retweets.
The lady was OK, but she was behind the counter mostly and didn't do much to make us feel welcome.
Linda was also very flexible with order amount and offered great prices for my orders.
Try configuring the following option at the start of your process: Alternatively, try adding it to your filename as follows:
ago but the hostess was nice enough to tell me that she would seat us next.
If you do find a seat, it is often littered with someone else's empty glasses.
I seriously have no complaints at all.\n\nI miss you.
This is why I was so happy to find Reyna.
She ate all of it (which rarely happens).\n\nI also got a Proper draft which is an English Pale Ale.
These percentajes are based on values you could see.
With validation efficiency is not usually the concern.
My husband and I also use it when going to the Pirates or Penguins games or to the theater.
You can buy pasta, granolla, flour, quinoa, cous cous, cane sugar, spices, YERBA MATE!!!, dried fruit, nuts, olive oil, peanut & almond butter, soap.....man, I could go on & on.
increasing the heap size is the way to go.
The question below is not really a programming question, but more of "how can I do this" question, implementation advice.
Error When I try to add dynamically component with angular2 using drag and drop this is my directives to drag and drop I want when I apply my drag and drop to add a component to my div I did the some things after event click but now I how to change it to drag and drop and I add this in my template .html this is my error
Cannot find library reference to libmysqlclient_r Angstrom I downloaded the MySQL Connector / C++ code from dev.mysql.com.
This place may not have the fancyness of mall or big box jewelry stores but the service you get is great and the prices are reasonable.
When the bill finally arrived, we couldn't believe what an incredible deal we just had!\n\nI could go on about why The Capital Grille is far and away my favorite restaurant, but you'll have to experience it yourself to understand.
\n\nThe staff is friendly and the Breakfast buffet and Manager cocktail hours (M-W) are a huge plus as well.\n\nGreat place to stay if your gonna be here for more than a few nights.\n\nShout out to Brian at the front desk!
\n\nWhile I still order the steak frites, I have also branched out to quiches and desserts.
Well, the fibonacci series grows (approximately) exponentially with a ratio of 1.618 (the golden ratio).
Then for each request received, do a lookup in the map and get the associated plugin and send it the request accordingly.
a little heavy on the cheese.
It turns out that a naïve approach is fairly easy; the following ( complete ) works for my purposes: However, I’d still prefer a solution that can actually use the Travis declarations ( , etc.) instead of having to install dependencies manually.
Strikes me as a good spot that can please many different tastes.
Parsing pair of floats Given a string like: what is the simplest way to parse the two float values into two variables and ?
Any suggestions on how I can prevent this exception error from happening?
The camera behaves like it still follows my player in original scale.
There are numerous queries you could write that would find the data you wanted in this document -- knowing which one is appropriate would require more information than you've provided: - Find elements anywhere, and take their attribute values.
The Harmony fits right into the vibe of the neighborhood.\n\nOh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!
Red onions and gorgonzola really complete the flavor experience.
The title screen and login screens are essentially just modal views on top of the main part of your app, the .
Even the side items were good.
We ate ourselves full, but couldn't stop.
\n\nThe broccoli was blanched rather than steam.
I'm not sure who does the roasting or where they buy their beans but it is easily better than Caribou and Starbucks.\nI have only had two of the pastry offerings and they were also worth the money as a breakfast.
I'm POSTing using jquery I have the following endpoint exposed: And the following objects (IBaseObj was omitted as it can be inferred by its implementor) Fiddler output from POST: Any help you can provide would be great.
If it's not obvious what autoreconf is calling, you could insert a rule in the makefile: If this theory proves correct, you can either persuade autoconf to use GNUMake, or write for the version it's using.
The Webservice returns true if the activity is added successfully.
So if you have enabled TCP Keepalive in the Windows registry, the v7 client will ignore it.
I came here and a lady served me and she also was very attentive.
Also, from the same author, it follows an example that shows that the same solution works as expected under certain circumstances (see the comments for furter details): Also, I propose an alternative solution that is a bit more intrusive and is based on the idea for which the stands for, that is also the same proposed by Piotr Skotnicki in a comment: it's enough if derived class' constructor wins in overload resolution.
We split a side.\n\nPluses - great service, great steak...minuses - waiting for table, calamari peppers, price...sides should not be double digits in price
This InitA class has a static reference counter.
The Jet Room is a must when in Madison.
Hopefully you can have a continuous integration server watch github, run tests whenever you push changes, and deploy to staging only when your automated tests pass.
The three fields show are the primary key to the table.
Error on using Vim-latex ("can't find file ~") I'm not sure if this question is appropriate here but I have nowhere else to ask.
What are the pros and cons of both approach?
Good truck stop dining at the right price.
Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image), the Museum and Historical Site are *well* worth your time.
is IBM MQ Message Segmentation possible using JMS?
The appetizers and entrees were excellent, comparable to fine dining.
The staff is friendly, the rooms and sheets are clean and there is free WiFi and of course, cable.
Right now this means I'm searching all template files for component id strings, then for each of the files that include that string, I search for the filename of that template, then lookup all templates that that file until I find a file that is not mentioned in an tag.
EDIT Regarding to your question about normal links: When linking to another page in your app you don't specify the view file as the target but the action which renders a view as the result.
The project is using , jni with and (I think).
Here is a solution using jQuery (works for bootstrap or non-bootstrap login box) : thanks to dtrunks for this solution :
But this time I suddenly ran into the following error and I don't know how to solve it.
Adaptively render views in Ruby on Rails In a RoR app, I have all partial views and a single layout page.
I tried my companion's home fries which came with this slightly spicy ketchup (I think it's house-made) and also a piece of her omelet which was pretty good too.\n\nService was good, ambiance was good, portions were big, quality was excellent, AND they take reservations.
Very jam-packed, but somehow not necessarily crowded.
The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet.
So I either need to add the first item to the end or the list or the last to the beginning of the list when clicked as the code I've commented out.
When I call the function, I get one of the two following errors: Number of function evaluation exceeded, or Number of iteration exceeded.
Not much time wasted short waiting times and procedures were quick.
query is empty because you are checking
I have Git installed on my machine, for which I followed the tutorial on the Github site.
The problem is that you recreating your modalVC before you presenting it.
Definitely this IDE is a great let down from Oracle.
I came here for \""brunch\"" before having to board a flight home.
You have (at least) a couple of options here, but the obvious one is to supply a QueryBuilder to the field which provides the required rows (see Symfony docs on EntityType Field ) E.g.
ERROR: Error installing sqlite3: ERROR: Failed to build gem native extension.
I actually enjoy the experience of walking around HUGE stores that overwhelm me with variety and random things.
This was, hands down, the best restaurant we tried.
Hive and HBase all provides extra features on top of Hadoop, but neither of those could possibly reach 200ms real time for average complex query workload.
With that being said I'm going from the gate and I do not have the full TSA, parking or any of the extras worries.\n\nThe airport is very clean compared to the others I've been to, the food vendors are decent but lack on healthy eating spots (I try to eat well since I'm about to sit on a plane) and most importantly, the gates are labelled well if I'm in a rush.
When I go to a Southern restaurant serving soul food I have a really hard time ordering anything else.
Pool table, multiple dart boards, and I even believe a shuffleboard table.
Also, they might be unable to process certain calls during a configuration update, for example a bundle that keeps a connection to a db can't send queries while it is updating the connection parameters.
The service was amazing, they went above and beyond to ensure we had an amazing dining experience.
I can't rave enough about how friendly and knowledgeable the staff are.
So if you need carbs, go here!)
If you're looking for the best hamburger in the city, this place is \""it\"".
I think this should help you:- JS fiddle link
How can I connect to this controller and send the needed data if the console app does not know anything about the ContestDates class?
Ask for the hash browns with cheese and onions and you won't be disappointed.
Just moved here from Baltimore and ran across this place.
Does the roTextureManager clear or replace bitmaps in its cache automatically when it sees that it is running out of memory?
Steaks were good and chocolate stampeded was very big and very good.
I didn't even know there was a spot next door until I went to the restroom.\n\nThe fries are good.\nThey offer pizza and other goodies too.\nThey have many types of different types of dogs.
when user change the priority of the table, and the user moves a request(s) and then selects another tab without saving the request.Must display a confirmationDialog.
The food is absolutely delish, but be warned - your clothes and hair will smell of southern-fried goodness when you leave.
Definitely my go-to for price and quality, but, despite being my standard, it doesn't have that extra je ne sais quoi that would make a five star slice.
Replace it with on the line that reads .
I thought they seemed a bit skimpy on the rice and not spicy at all, but the fish and eel themselves were tender and plentiful.
A bit loud but still was able to speak clearly.
Definitely a great cheap eats spot.
Is there any way to recover and make consistent the files to launch under a new cluster?
Great atmosphere, good food, and lots of unique cocktails.
However, after munching on the delightful breadbasket (The star of which is definitely the Focaccia bread) left me excited for what was yet to come.
Note also, each command's exit status is stored in the shell variable $?, which you can check immediately after running the command.
You could also try packing the four 0-255 values in an int, and do some bit-operations instead.
That is extremely useful, and so I'd like to mimic it in my own app using ModelForms.
How can I make them thread-safe ?
However if that is what you want to do, come here.
I haven't had a bad pizza in here yet - and it doesn't seem like I will.
The fish in the curry was salmon, which was a little unusual and not quite as good as other fish you could curry, but I was also made aware of that when I ordered.
I'm trying to prevent caching of certain pages.
Or you should use a algobrithm that use less memory and more processor.
In this case contract (defined in the java.lang.Object) is worth reading.
As long as you come here knowing it is a cheap diner and not expecting something different, you will enjoy your experience.
For time zones on Rails, have a look here for the various options you can use: To format for your users, look into strftime.
There is a small selection of produce to and other groceries you need but might not find at regular grocery stores.
*/ If I leave it like this nothing is rendered although the app won't crash.
I enjoy shopping at Kohl's and, to date, have never had a bad experience in any of the stores.
Java nio server client asynchonous I made a server myself using java nio and a selector.
If you add 122 minutes, you have to take TWO lots of 60 minutes off.
I was a little worried about the protein aspect, since those three items have different cooking times, but all were perfectly done.\n\nThe Cajun Queen provided us with a delicious dinner.
I flew through on a connecting flight, so keep in mind that I never got to see anything between the ticket counters and metal detectors.\n\nOverall, the airport is very clean, doesn't smell weird, and the staff is very courteous.
this is definitely not where you want to stroll in and ask for a hibachi grill and shrimp sauce!\n\nBefore I talk about dessert, I have to say that a meal at Musashi is more of an experience.
I stayed with him for 24 years watching his business grow to what it is today until I moved to Chicago for work.
How can I remove all of them quickly?
Yes node.js has got some excellent web socket libraries such as socket.io and sack.js You need to understand nodejs event driven pattern.
This is for the google api client: This snippet is from my onCreate() method: So when the code gets run, i build a google api client and the onConnected method gets called.
Disable connection sharing while you are in there as well.
I will say that many items were out of stock online; this is a clear indication that JCP has ramped up their merchandise quality and many haven taken notice and are reaping the benefits.
The manager checked in on us and shook our hands on the way out.
\n\nI've enjoyed most every nook of this fountain-esque beer haven.
My husband and I ordered take out on a Saturday Night as our first experience with this place.
Was described as a Bank Of America bar and not a Wachovia Bar, I guess the two of them compete in this town?!?!.........Kidding.
\nNow for the food...their pizza is so yummy!
* edit * i changed the code to: but still i get the annoying error: IntelliSense: no instance of overloaded function "parallel_for" matches the argument list argument types are: (size_t, int, lambda []void (size_t i)->void)
You can try swapping backgrounds like so: Create CSS Class for each background and include transitions as part of the ruleset: } Add a script that will swap out the classes on a regular interval.
You can set the NumberFormat of the cell: EDIT The value itself won't change.
Friendly staff went out of their way to get my game on even though the Steelers were on at the same time.
Even if you're not digging the music too much, everyone else dancing and enjoying themselves becomes infectious.
Django QuerySet order I am new to both django and python but I am beginning to get a grasp on things.
There is a wide variety of food choices here, from salads to pizza.
Especially if you have a small dog and a Bully Mix comes in.
Whats the proper tab order for invalid inputs?
I tried this but it's not working.
Any help on that one is welcome!
Monday's Caesar dressing was just a wee bit flat but that was the first time ever so, forgiven.
My dog was so happy when I went to pick up, I think he was even smiling!
\n\nWe finally decided to try this place since we wanted a break from Viva Chicken and it was close by.
I went with the crab bisque and would pass on that next time.
I have URL rewriting in my asp.net web solution defined how can I set startup url for non existent page URL in VS2010.
If they will go with 2nd or 3rd option like pay using Credit Card/Debit Card or net banking then they don't need to login.
I'm assuming the solution you're mentioning in the comment is something like this: Start at the left or right (so index = 0), and scan which bits are set (upto 100 operations).
So there is the first destructor call from your and then two other destructor calls for destroying the two objects contained in the array.
But I don't really see any reason to make a special trip as it's not really different from other cedar fair parks.\n If you are going to visit one time.
I'm a bit skeptical of a place that sells items that are to help you cure yourself when it's not medication.
The place is massive with a wonderful dance floor and great instructors that teach a variety of line dances...something for both beginners and seasoned dancers.
Any pasta shape you can think of can be found here dried and most you can find anywhere else can be found here fresh.
i love coming to pittsburgh solely for these sandwiches.
I was impressed by the somewhat formal looking atmosphere of the interior of the restaurant (brick walls and dark wood), but pleasantly surprised by the casualness of the restaurant Nobody's snooty there.
If you are in the context of a transaction, you want the message to be coupled to the transaction scope.
This is due to the status code being 420 which makes the .net framework treat the response as an error response and throw an exception.
But can't figure out how to make a particular URL to be redirected to my localhost.
The Tom Kha soup is as awesome as can be and our entrees were perfectly delicious.
4.- Can I use "import whatever.function as blah"?
I'd say that I've pretty much kept Bojangles in business over here because for about 3 months that's where I'd gone just about daily.
(according to the classic definition) The closest thing to a binary tree traversal in an iterative way is probably using a heap EDIT: Or as already shown a threaded binary tree ,
Took my husband here for his bday sometime in the beginning of November.
I'm totally thinking about flapping my wings up to Pittsburgh right now at 2am to get some donuts.
However, this causes a series of errors.
By setting RightToLeft to Yes, you are asking the Windows text rendering engine to apply the text layout rules used in languages that use a right-to-left order.
Did I do something wrong ?
However, if you want a bbq sandwich you can brag about when someone asks about NC bbq, this is the spot.
What Language and Graphics Library is CLion made in?
\n- Tomato soup: delightfully fresh, highlighting natural tomato sweetness, topped with chiffonades of basil, and for a southern twist fried mozzarella balls.
\nI sat most recently in the orchestra seat which are nice.
At least their waiting area is nice and comfortable with a clean bathroom!
Can't wait to come back to try their 4th Ward Stroganoff.
I did not want to punch anyone.
Which of these alternatives would be better?
It is what really killed it for me.....Now, if the bathrooms were not as scary.
For the vegetarian-inclined, they have Soy Protein with Cashew Nuts, Soy Protein with Curry Sauce, and Wheat Gluten with Garlic Sauce.
Decide which formats you want to recognize, then create a regular expression matching each one grouping the different parts of the number (like area code, prefix etc).
But even now, I rarely encounter a place (in the Bay Area) that has the same quality of tofu stew - and we have a \""k-town\"" here!
An extra step would be to implement a sort of meta request, whereby a client could query what URL paths/operations are available in the server.
Is this the best way to keep their API as testable as can be?
Note that whoever calls this function cannot pass a 2D array anymore, or, put another way, cannot make that obvious to the compiler.
\nEverytime I go there i am greeted with fun young employees ready to serve or offer suggestions about their latest brews.
So, using setTimeout to remove the , even with a timeout of zero, lets it finish: You can find this technique in use in the jQuery form plugin .
That flavor should be banished from the Earth, but that's another story.\n\nTry the Graham Cracker, Chocolate Orange, Almond Joy or Coconut, delicious!
It seems that it´s a documented service now:
This is all that i have installed in android sdk.
We had the Carolina crabcakes which were excellent.
They have a lot of campfire favorites: BBQ, ribs, burgers, smoked chicken, steaks, etc.
for vector a it should result in: b 5,2,1,1,1,1,3 The reason is that i will plot a histogram that shows me the distribution of the length of the events.
Below is code: } Here is AndroidManifest.xml:
the \""pretzel\"" was really tasty and the malted chocolate cream complemented it well.
If string (beings with or ) or comment (begins with or ) ignore, otherwise run your replacement.
But so far it's the bee's knees!
I have the privilege of knowing the owner and his family well, and I can thoroughly endorse his professionalism and product satisfaction.
However by using AOP you can have "limited" multiple inheritance.
Is there a performance difference between PDO fetch statements?
Cute little hole in the wall diner on the edge of Uptown.
After changing to return "hello" I got: Server: Client: (The "BufferedReader@7d..." line is due to ) Note that after the client has disconnected, your server is going to keep trying to send "null" back to it, because you don't test for being null in the server code.
The weather was right, I was in a good mood and hungry.\n\nGot wheat roll, dijon mustard, salami, swiss, some vegetables and banana peppers.
At $150.00 a pop, yes I've spent a lot here.
Any ideas what drives the fullwidth behaviour?
here is the code which i used for parsing the JSON.
But I think I have the config done properly.
My code to load inline content with jquery load() As you can see, I have re-initialize the map but it still produce blank map not rendering map content.
They are very friendly, personable, honest hard working people.
Try downloading the latest version of Kohana 3 again EDIT: You can get more info on this bug here
Here is what I am trying to do.
Here is the contents of my file (note the nested quotes): in Ruby I have: and here is the output: Is there a way to convert it so the output would preserve the quotes exactly?
4 stars for what it is...
Unfortunately, in order to improve this error message, it might be necessary to change the linker, and this can't always be done.
Then I saw that they had Dogfish Head and East End beers on tap - nice, I figured they'd just have macros.
Main file: Header: Functions: Problem is in my get_tracks_longer_than function, in which I don't really know how to copy the struct member I want from source structure to the destination structure, I only managed to copy all members from one structure to the other.
\n\nBy the time we left there were so many people waiting to get a table it was crazy.
I have a table like this: I need to sum the "total" column grouped by the code.
Maybe they keep it off the half off menu so I don't move in.
I have the following header Funcionario.h And this is my form, note that it's not the entire form, just the part that matters; When i try to run this it says that there is no suitable converter to tipe Funcionario.
Have been here a handful of times.
Fried rice were ok but I've had much much better at other places.
I have to apply those color to these status.
In case you don't know, Louisianne's has started serving lunch, The good news is that it is inexpensive and delicious.
THE place to catch touring Broadway shows
If you just need to parse your json file on runtime, you can use with the option: It will define OPTIONS with the content of json.txt.
This little function lets you set multiple variables in one call: Used like so: Of course, if blank can be a default, then you would need to account for that, like @jm666 use of .
Is there any way to check a rule exists before I remove it or a way to clear dynamic rules at the start of beforeValidate?
Edit: Note that will not use the object constant pool.
Perhaps: The left outer joins are needed because you don't know in advance if a user will have 1, 2 or 3 records with data.
Give your an id, then access it by its id.
When you're running out of date night locations and your significant other is getting tired of Domino's cheap weekday carryout deals, it's time to treat her to a fancy restaurant.
Read td values using prototype I would like to read the values of HTML td using prototype.
Blue Plate listened to what we wanted and was so accommodating.
You should be doing something like:
So at this point I'm going to assume Outlook and GMail have only partial support for *.ics files, give up on elegant updates and simply instruct the user to delete their old calendar appointment if I send them a new one.
Various other bits of JavaScript run (or not).
EventMachine needs to run as a thread in your rails install (unless you are using Thin,) and there are some special considerations for Passenger.
The buffet had all the dishes you would hope for and some unexpected ones as well!
It tasted exactly like melted mint ice cream--my favorite kind.
But one that serves up good food, with friendly service and reasonable prices.
Employees give ratings on some of the movies.
Never really thought of adopting animals here but a good place to take the kids and pet the cats.
It directly runs on the target.
this works fine This can not be inherited
Great price, great service, and awesome food.
I still get it because it's excellent, but even restaurants in San Francisco and NYC don't charge this much for such a dish.
So you want be able to access them from the object directly using .
So I had to go back & buy plenty more of both reg & decaf.
Not that I don't trust Google.
\n\nYou want your burger rare - Fine...
I'm not familiar with font design terminology, so I'm not sure what the technical description of the letters below would be.
Our bill landed right at 100 for three courses, beverages, and tip.
Judging from the buffet food, I can confidently say that a la carte items would be a bang for your buck too!!\n\nNext time will try dinner and see if it's equally satisfying as the lunch buffet.
You are forgetting the which is crucial.
Add a "-" before any command in a Makefile tells make to not quit if the command returns a non-zero status.
A few things to note if you run this code: This project uses server and client GUIs that are a little messy (I'm not very good at designing GUIs), but the functionality should still be useful.
If you have remote database then the connection string will be different .
Pedro's gives you a much bigger bowl of salsa that Laredo's.
Best way to start a meal.\n\n'APPS:\nJumbo Sea Scallops - GET IT.
Pineapple chicken is wonderful, fun place to go as a group!!
You should still however not run into "too many open files".
I get something different every time I am there and have yet to be disappointed.
Fusion Chart in ASP.Net I am using fusion chart in my asp.net application.
I scarfed the burger, leaving little room for the good, but not great fries.
Also don't miss the sampling area near the back.
You can append any number of params this way.
The essential difference is that Special:SMWAdmin only ''queues'' the updates in the job queue , while actually performs the updates.
I find it easier to just consider references at the abstract level - two names for the same thing.
I have asked them to reinstall both my app and the Facebook app, and try with and without the Facebook app installed but that does not seem to help.
For assistance, contact your network support team.
So, You can do like this way, Encode - Decode , Encode the image before writing to the database: And then decode it like the from Cursor: Also, If this not work in your case, then I suggest you to go on feasible way..
No need to split between tables.
We will be back because Allen showed and gave us the best service ever.
I had quite a bit of laundry one day, and the attendant gave me a very good deal in addition to the 10 lbs free.
I really liked the warm bread.
\n\nI always come here on Monday nights for the wing special.
If you are MVVM Light I've found very usefull to create two files: DataService.cs - contains the real connection and data DesignDataService.cs - contains the sample data The two libraries are identical, from an call perspective so that in the ViewModelLocator you can swap them: In the Design class I've decided to create an XML file for each Model so that it's easy to change the sample data and test all possible scenarios.
It was very meaty and cheesy as it should be with a classic sauce.
I primarily shop here for special items though.
How to get the length of Property?
The reason for using a custom type, , instead of is to allow covariant return types for getSelected() and getRejected().
peer to multi-peer interprocess communication What is the best method for peer to multi-peer interprocess communication in windows.
The man at the front desk is very kind as well.
It also allows local overloading of function names, so you don't need long names describing what type each one works on.
very little to complain about with TGI Fridays.
It's also the perfect place to buy some junk to take home to your friends :)
I've had my quad-core CPU run at 100% (on each core) for several days in a row ; I've seen absolutly no problem since (the fans were working harder for that time, but it's all) is the process that corresponds to the execution of JAVA (at least for some programs) ; and Eclipse is developped in JAVA ; so no surprise here either.
It's been a crazy week in my office, what with it being the end of our fiscal year and all.
I guess people aren't from SF and expect good wines for the same price!
They also have karaoke at 8:30, the crowd is older (your parent's age), they dance and sing along; it's a great time.
Convenient for guests but a slight traffic headache.
ASP.NET WebForms with Angular Postback im trying to use Angular framework in existing ASP.NET WebForms application and problem i ran into is this: Client side code: When form gets submited (whole page postback), value of is How to get value of selected option on server side?
:( too bad because its a really nice place to have our date nights.
It looks like CASSANDRA-8220 (C* 2.2.1+, and 3.0.0-alpha1) was introduced to work around the problem, but I think upgrading your JDK should fix this as well.
If there's any other helpful info I can post on here please let me know.
Can someone please point me in the right direction!?
Files exist in the from location.
When it wraps the text goes under the icon.
I am using C++ as my language and I am also using the Qt Library to help me.
\n\nThe price for a basic pedicure is $22 if you pay cash and $24 credit.
Their prices are very reasonable, and they try less expensive solutions first, instead of immediately recommending the most costly.
Sunday's Lunch Special, Fajitas for $4.99.
I had no idea the selection outside was so vast.
A csv file is created on which certain operations are to be performed.
Always very busy when I've been in, yet service is still great!
But before it is published, i would like it to be valid, using the annotations in the view model.
I have the following code: Is there some way that I could combine this into one assignment with jQuery?
My answer was from another import called "io/ioutil" .
Java jersey validation I'm using the validation in Java Jersey, and i'm building an application where it should be possible to save a draft of something.
It would be helpful if you showed the SQL statement that returns the results.
Google Analytics for Advanced Data Extraction I am planning to use the FREE Google Analytics as the engine for analytic for an ecommerce website.
If nothing works out, I could probably create some kind of service provider, which would act like those for Facebook, Twitter and Google, but for now I want to explore possibility of doing it on the server-side.
For example: To auto-focus the element Create a function in the directive that is called on the of the "display" span.
It seems like a very specialized/unusual use case.
Cookies and water with fruit infusion at the entrance - and a kind, sweet receptionist to introduce me to the place set the perfect tone.
Is this possible to be done with Google Analytics or I really need to have my own analytic system &amp; store all the data myself?
You want to declare non-static or non-final fields.
See: And if you really don't like xml, you can just do everything in java...
Then the basic flow for Python looks like this:
is the same one as in , which works for serving PDFs to Adobe Reader, which limits how screwed up my code can be.
In short: working with VERY large number or exact decimals is a challenge in every programming language and often requires very specific mathematical libraries (which are less convenient and often a lot slower then when you work in "normal" (int/long) areas) - which obviously is not an issue when you REALLY want those big numbers.
It looks like the selector you are choosing ( ) and the method you are showing ( ) are not named the same.
Setup TinyMce editor in C# MVC 4 - Visual Studio 2012 Always get this error: get: 0x800a01b6 - JavaScript runtime error: Object doesn't support property or method 'tinymce' By Nuget: PM> Install-Package TinyMCE.MVC.JQuery newest version Model Class: Controller: View: tinymce_jquery_full under Shared folder and Editor Template @* Don't forget to reference the JQuery Library here, inside your view or layout.
The seaweed salad was good, too.\n\nMy entree was the autumn vegetables and rice cake noodles--which I only realized was very similar to a pasta dish at Casbah after I took my first bite.
My first call in to room service was for a bottle of wine.
The server informed me that the chicken sandwich was a little spicy.
Good soul food in a great downtown setting.
The two-story brick building is actually quite attractive and \""fits\"" in with the upscale SouthPark \""theme.\"" \n\nIt's conveniently located across from the mall...and in front of Original Pancake House.
I've got a ways to go before I am Michael Phelps, but I am glad the Univ City Y is helping me on my way to the Olympics (j/k).\n\nThis Y is as large as the other branches in the area and has lots of family programs - after school care, etc that you can take advantage of while getting your burn on.
Whether I'm making sauce from stewed tomatoes, perciatelli with anchovy, or salt-cod; this store never lets me down.
Array is given I want something like this in my template file: I use this in my model.php: How can I use $var->name to access 'name' as an object in my template file?
Now class will become app wide singleton and can one-time initialize and expose global objects from its method.
What I'm seeing is firefox loading it's cached version of the page.
This time, I stayed in a 6th floor room, overlooking the main road and right across from the NASCAR museum.
FFMPEG: How to encode for seekable video at high key frame interval I'm looking for an ffmpeg comand that's best used if I'm controlling a video to mouse control on "requestAnimationFrame".
\n\nHe was quick to point out the working button holes and equally quick to tell me NOT to tailor another jacket.
(I THINK it was a Vernor's...it better had been!) \n\nMy only wish for Primanti's is that they had more vegetarian options (I know, I know...when in Rome, but my friend is a vegetarian and didn't have much to choose from on the menu).
I had the afternoon free and the weather was beautiful.\n\nSure, it's not MOMA, or the Met, or LACMA.
i really appreciate any suggestions how to solve this.
For big data mysqldump isn't good solution.
They love to chat and will answer your gardening queries with lots of options.
Incidentally: If anything, it looks like the hostname is being used for the bucket -- and you said the bucket was named instead.
This issue was originally raised here: Quoting a comment on reddit as it might be helpful: lxml is based on libxml2, which does this by default unless you pass the option , I believe.
I quote, from the example: Using Self here indicates that that extension will only ever take place if and only if the conformer inherits from UIViewController.
Update Here is my class }
Suppose that I have a button in my Default.aspx as: and I want to redirect to a new page when I click this Button my Register Method is in Default.aspx.cs as: The Problem is that when i click this button to redirect to a new page as Registration.aspx it does not redirect my to the page and shows the following URL:
It needs to display for me, how many boxes need to be moved from one room to another.
in order to declare publicly accessible function inside JavaScript object you have to use .
U must go and enjoy this unique grille.
It's right outside of Wilkinsburg, which isn't a place to visit at all.
You've never experienced an old-time soda fountain before.\n4.
But even the rooms facing the opposite direction look out towards the light rail line and South End- on clear days you can see out to Carowinds at the state line.
I assure you, you will not leave disappointed!
What is wrong or what do i have to add?
This entrance leads you into the shop, or \""the Store,\"" which is what my review is mostly focused on.
DoubleToLongBits Returns a representation of the specified floating-point value according to the IEEE 754 floating-point "double format" bit layout.
Instead of ordering just two entrees, we wanted to sample as many libations and treats as possible.\n\nFirst, we ordered the white wine flight, and split a few seafood appetizers; then, we ordered the red wine flight, and split a few meaty appetizers; and, finally, we each ordered a glass of our favorite red and split a chocolate ravioli with raspberry sauce dessert.
I also like the seasoned salt wings.
Food is pretty good but sometimes its hit and miss.
To configure this, set these two options in your .conf file: From the docs: How durable is the append only file?
The store is well organized not too overwhelming like most thrift/vintage stores.
You might be using the 3.x version of jstree which does not take the rel attribute into account.
The woman at the counter suggested we try the Mardi Gras Combo and the popular Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich.
How can we correctly read this object?
It makes life simple, and I don't have to worry that I mispronounce something or said the wrong thing entirely.
You can't set the values in the event, but you can in the event.
\n\nBathroom features a shower tub and stool in a larger space.
I will not try those again.
Specifically, the atrium between concourses B and C, the two US Airways terminals, is delightful.
I had to pick up a few of the usual staples.
Also it is within walking distance of the convention center if that is your destination.
It seemed to me like it was a scope problem but I am not sure.
They were good, but not the freshest I have had.
How do I Show/Hide a Grid Row and Grid Splitter based on a Toggle Button?
I have actually gone to Matt's Chicago Dog for lunch for 4 consecutive weeks.
These preferences are for small amounts of data, and there are methods for the all the data types (including ).
It is pretty intimate so don't come here unless you want to sweat and if you like this type of music that really shouldn't be a problem.
So you really want to just figure out "what Javascript that I wrote was being run right before that broke?", and start there.
Thus before compiletime you need to know the size of Person, and modify export/import routines with this size accordingly.
Why do you need to block the button?
\n\nIt's not the most inexpensive pizza joint downtown (I think my slice ended up being $4-$4.50) but if you're a recovering Noo Yawker like me looking to fulfill some culinary nostalgia, this is your place.
Here's my very simple example: (1) Methods belong to a class not an object, so the question should really be how can I attach something to my object that behaves like a method.
It is in general bad practice to do wildcard searches.
Of all the venues I visited the staff was the most rigid - there are a ton of rules, no drapery (aka the office windows never go away), liability insurance, music off by 1130.
new tweets are tweets I stream directly from Twitter using Tweepy.
I'm not really a coffee drinker, but even I can tell the difference between Johnson Bros.
The reason why this is a colour segmentation is because you are segmenting the image to belong to only k possible colours.
display multiple row for one record in jqgrid hi i want to display the multiple row for single record in jqgrid.
If a customer purchased a simple item through a grouped item, I can get the grouped SKU from $item->getOptionByCode('info_buyRequest').
Loved the music- Sam Cooke, and Sam and Dave played through our entire breakfast adding to the ambiance.
If load_module() is asked to load a module that it cannot, ImportError is to be raised.
It feels kinda funny being a fan of an airport, as no one really enjoys waiting in one, but hey, let's do it.\n\nCLT is one of those airports that is clean and straight forward but it really helps to know a few tips and tricks so you don't pull out your hair when you're waiting in line behind 26 teenagers who refuse to take their game systems out of the bag for security screening.
Only complaint is the price is a bit much.
Maybe they tried to make the web server error, somehow?
I don't know why this place got such low ratings but I was pleased.
I thought they were both moist and fresh, but I would have loved them to be a bit bigger because they were so good and I love to slather clotted cream on them!
So they are rather pricey..\nMy favorite thing about this store was the Adoption Center.
How to see output in Amazon EMR/S3?
Rather than passing as the second argument to , try actually adding the inflated to the hierarchy somewhere, and then passing it to a regular : EDIT I'm aware that having the view being rendered all the time isn't what you want, but if it works then at least we know where the problem is and can look for a solution to that instead!
The restroom was super spacious and decked out in white & grey marble.
Sorting and searching: Jupiter provides filters and sorting to facilitate issue review.
I tried: But got an error message.
Just know....it's spicy as all hell.
The most sargable option, short of using dynamic SQL, is to use an IF statement and two queries: The SQL Server 2005+ dynamic SQL version would resemble: Unlike , will cache the query plan.
But having a wear module built with beta and packaged inside the app module also built with beta does not work.
but i failed to do so.
Now, you are guaranteed to only have and passed into a function that is defined to take an argument of .
So someone accesses my site they upload an image using a file form input field it then returns a link e.g - domain.com/image.png what could I add to my code so that some sort of tracking is added to each new image thats uploaded.
And also how to see the data from HDFS in Amazon EMR?
Qdoba was kind of an after thought for me.
You probably want to use a SpannableString for this, which allows individual parts of a string to be rendered differently in a TextView.
We ordered a small, which states it is for 2-3 people to share.
Decorators implement the same interface as the Component they are trying to decorate.
I wrote the code for the function in 32-bit elf NASM and wrote a wrapper in c++ that uses externs the NASM function.
For my private projects I was using GitHub as development remote and Heroku as production remote.
If you're using gdb, use to print the backtrace If you're using lldb, use instead
EDIT: As alexander mentioned, a BroadcastReceiver is run on the main thread unless you explicitly implement it otherwise.
(and if you're wondering why I haven't used conda, it's because it doesn't install pyrsistent, and for the rpy2 install, it insists on linking it to its own install of R, and even when specifying my own install, something doesn't link correctly.
\n\nTheir Sicilian Pizza is not to be missed, and I consider it to be their best item, though their steaks and chicken is still A+.\n\nI highly recommend Harper's (and Harper's To Go Go).
Linda not only asked if I needed extra paper products and dipping sauces also followed up and asked how the food was.
As they have changed basic interface that support that functionality but today I came across article they provide information how can we use old Owin and integrate in ASP.net MVC 6.
this is my go to spot when i want something cheap and \""asian\""
I encountered the problem where these libraries cannot be used in .NET 4.5 projects.
You can try something like this: NOTE: Probably windows can open with some delay and in that case you need to wait for it:
(Beware of the construction happening in Quail Corners) Just a few tables with umbrellas, a small neon sign and a basic white spelling of \""Rusty's\"" above the building.
I've successfully set up a SSH client on my laptop (PuTTY) and enabled SSH using raspi-config.
The only thing I don't like is: 1)Smoking 2) the Dead animals inside the lounge.
We are to be new regulars!!!
I fixed the problem by changing the frameDuration of the videoComposition.
There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time.
If I make a simple curve and then perturb the points slightly, my code starts producing different answers, even though this particular piece of code really seems to work fine now.
Or do call stacks get allocated/de-allocated dynamically as applications spin off new threads?
I am trying to load five images beside each other when the user hovers over an element on my webpage.
But this code creates a new email, instead, I want to reply to a particular mail which is selected or opened in my outlook.
Second, in your while loop you are infinitely looping.
The way the cafe is set up reminds me of the cafes in Italy where you are meant to come in, throw some hot espresso down your throat, maybe sit a while if there are any chairs open, maybe chat a while before going about your day.
I could bathe in the broth it comes with.
Came with a large party once and the owner (who is super nice and accommodating) brought us a sampler of all the meat.
It's a sandwhich with coleslaw and french fries on it.
PS- the mac&cheese is delicious and sooooooo creamy!
I think you have to put all your functions inside your class file
This garden center has several sections-a bunch of high-end garden decor, etc.
naan is a must with your order!
But sometimes Handshake fails for one or two port.
You should use only one column for a date whenever is possible.
How to use @Html.PartialView("XXX") in Jquery function?
Walking into your hotel room can either be one of the simpler joys in life, or a straight-up horror show.
Corned beef hash, please marry me.
Dry bleu cheese.\n\nSteak salad, spinach salad with steak are also good.
Call win32 CreateProfile() from C# managed code Quick question (hopefully), how do I properly call the win32 function CreateProfile() from C# (managed code)?
Is there a workaround for a interface typed property?
The French Chardonnay was quite good!\n\nThanks for making me feel at home.
Overall, Red Lobster is a great place for me to get my crab fix when I need it.
I had to have a book that was very important to pick up in a timely manner.
And we haven't even written Hello World just yet...;) I didn't compile that, but I did Copy and Paste the 3 classes directly from my library.
You will then be required to enable Runtime Contract Checking to get this to work.
Thats all that should be needed.
Outside those times, it's always quiet with nice music and delicious pastries.
Make sure to set the property on the UI thread
It can get kind of crowded in there with limited seating and the atmosphere isn't too great, but it's acceptable.
I think this is the best botanical garden I have ever visited.
It just goes back and forth a calendar's months replacing the html.
It is a little pricey, but I was a very important piece, so it made it well worth it!
But i have no idea how to.
If you wanted it to work with , you'd use instead.
Use Non-Sucking Service Manager to install logstash as a windows service.
My questions are whether this is a valid way to do it, would it provide an advantage over the original way, and is there any better ways to do it?
This place is lengendary so naturally as a tourist - I had to go.
Maybe they (the authors) didn't mean for you to try to compile that code, but just to understand the example and maybe implement it yourself.
I became a bit of a Mexican restaurant snob.
I can't pass these variables and no matter what I try to throw at the compiler, it just gives me another error.
What specific problem are you encountering?
\n\nSpent the evening drinking beer, watching football, and playing darts.
I have been eating there for many years.
Can't I make some CSS change specific to radio button which does not effect rest of the things in CSS file or here in the RadioButtonList options/properties?
I had the calamari with pasta, a cocktail ( yum, yum), and a garden salad.
Per dollar, your not going to find any better food close by.
\n\nIf you haven't been to Mama Ricotta's in a while, you're in for a pleasant treat!!
\n\nCheeses: If you want fancy gourmet cheeses, the Whole Foods deli counter might be the best choice.
The service was just so impeccable!
In my case it was: Note: this is really an extended version of @KarlC comment, which actually is the proper answer.
I wasn't so fond of the cutesy leaf-shaped soap in the bathroom.
In the middle of the article you will find data about mapping.
Very tasty and we had to force ourselves to stop eating, so we only saved enough for one serving of leftovers the next day.
Where Target and soccer fields reign supreme.
An additional character (denoted '*') is used for both start and stop delimiters.
But how can we calculate the address of derived members and ?
using statement set the of the button depending on r.
An excellent choice out side of the box is the \""Bistro filet\"", ask for the Ale sauce on the side.
Generate video with ffmpeg to play using JavaFX People always say to post a new question so I am posting a new question that relates to The images I use can be downloaded from here It is a 2.2GB zip file with 18k images, still uploading, might take some time.
Long layovers suck but thanks to the free wi-fi and the pretty good selection of food available, it makes it time go by faster.
So much so that I stretched out my senior year into an extra semester.
Well, that was until this weekend where I found it 70 degrees outside with no flips to be found.
Reports for, while, or do statements which can only exit by throwing an exception.
\n\nBarb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.
In this case, you create load-balanced endpoints.
Well, I am also generating a random url and with each url a pin will be associated.
There are so many other options out there and Upstream didn't \""wow\"" us enough to return time and time again.
If I had to guess, the cherries were present in syrup form perhaps on the top of the cake.
Seemed like a pretty and safe neighborhood.
I was creating a new instance of myClass => thus the injection couldn't work!
Even their sirloins are great and you can mostly cut with a fork.
How to do a C# code before onsubmit() javascript function I want to execute first a C# code before a form redirects to another page.
The webbrowser module provides a high-level interface to allow displaying Web-based documents to users.
Create 2 OLE DB Connection Managers.
Probably some other compilers ( from LLVM ) might support also that on Linux for shared libraries (not static ones).
\n\n2nd example\ncrowded for unofficial so i'm sure they are stressed.
How to disabled selected date (asp.net mvc4) I am trying to make an appointment page in MVC4.
If they could fix that, they would be golden.
It is fresh, delicious, and the perfect amount of crisp and spice!
Their reception area is pretty nice too (especially for a car place).
\n\nPlenty of resting spots where you can charge computers and mobile devices..
If you can guarantee that the data of each table is unique, then don't use , because it has to an extra work to make distinct rows out of it.
Use unless you know what you're doing.
Note, that since pipe reads and writes of less then or equal to are atomic, the pointers get written and read in one shot.
He's upgraded the staff and kept the pro's from the past (marney and errol).
If they're not working, it usually means there's an error somewhere else in your js, and your browser never gets to that line of code.
Well you have tried but having no solution please try this Put this .htaccess in category directory
i have seen gcm (android hive) example and simple example of notification.
The place is tiny and clean, and I got in and out for under five dollars for lunch.
Pipe git diff to git checkout If I delete a file, I can revert it in git with: If I want to revert all deleted files, I can list them with: What I then want to do is restore them, but Doesn't work, it only repeats the list to stdout, and git checkout seems to receive no input.
How do I get the text value?
I've never heard of them doing that before.
She's very open about trying different things (e.g., perhaps a multivitamin--work from the inside out--to fix hair, rather than slathering on lots of product) and really seems to care about getting it right.
You may use or to see the contents of a variable, for instance and check what the key names are.
There's many simple ways to do this in Rebol.
\n\nFrom what I remember, the food was pretty excellent and the ambiance was very nice and romantic.
Just be ready to pay the piper when you leave!\n\nAmbiance: This place is a fine establishment, which you notice walking in.
Now I would like to give my admin the possibility to dynamically add existing transitions / events to an order_flow graph.
This is my 2nd favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
My n counter counts number of tracks correctly, and my function which calculates bpm seems to work, but I don't know how to get the exact data I want.
I had the meatless loaf sammich, and it was awesome, though it tasted nothing like meatloaf.
We really enjoyed the rest of the game.
Passing through town, tried this place bc of Yelpers.
I started going through SQLAlchemy's official tutorials and various examples and have arrived at the following code: and it works beautifully with that data dict.
It's been fun, and would be a good project for a young Scottish engineer!
It looks like ldconfig doesn't like that, which makes sense actually.
Despite being off-campus, this is still the numero uno place to go when you've got that drunken hunger.
This will allow you to get two, completely independent versions of your software, which you will support simultaneously.
Here, Category Name display correctly under tag.
My blur function uses Restangular to do a customPUT to the server and then does an angular.copy.
But I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the fries.
I love this location especially because of the hours.
the server technology in Flash is limited but exists.
It looks like your logic is to check if the drug text appears in the file.
It seams like if you put your whole application including html in one script file it will take a long time to download.
I had the Chinese chicken salad which was large, full of lovely slices of moist, real chicken, not anything canned.
I don't want to use hidden fields , where you have to place a calculated hashcode in.
Long story short, you are ab-using a feature to get alignment that was really meant to do something far more involved.
Again, if you're dealing with a 2D application is this application full screen, so you only have to consider absolute X,Y values - or is it under a windowing system in which case you care more about X,Y in relation to the window as opposed to the entire screen.
Do expect amazing finds at what I consider beyond fair prices.
The Tufu lemon from the appetizers was just perfect.
SQL - Display all empty rows with Count() Group By These are my tables: One category has many Items One item have one category Let's say I have these data: Query that I used to count items grouped by category name: I've tried the above query to display the counting, but it doesn't show all rows from Categories table.
I'm just now starting to code with Codeigniter 3x after using version 2x for the last couple of years.
They're always eager to help find the perfect gift for someone (or myself usually) and direct me to the right item.
They give you a good amount and it will fill you up.
Awesome bar, plenty of seating, live music (although with a cover charge...boo), great beer selection, and really solid food.\n\nI tried the classic cheeseburger; patties were hand-formed and cooked to a perfect medium.
I sadly do not have the SEO answer to your question, but a solution would be to use a negative margin to hide the element off screen.
Here's my issue: I'm using Spring and Spring's JMSTemplate to do some messaging and queue work.
Good soups in winter, including a deceptively good beer cheese soup.
The problem was that the C++ program was running the native launcher with the setting, which essentially set the JVM to run in "interpretive" mode, disabling JIT (just-in-time) compilation of java bytecode to native code, which naturally makes run slower as the bytecode needs to be interpreted every time it is executed.
Here is my solution: I tested it on Firefox 3.6.8.
I had more than enough space and it was clean.
Unfortunately, my steak was a bit on the tough side.
This is a low key campus joint so what do you expect??
I had the lunch special which was a Cajun chicken sandwich with mozzarella, basil and roasted red peppers (9$).
However, when working with an existing PDF file, it seems that the majority of the CGPDF functionality is centered around creating new files rather than editing existing ones.
So to make it work, I'd probably create a subclass of which starts the server, but can be passed in the from the outside.
You can create your own custom controls, inheriting from TextBox, for example.
Note: Use getElementsByTagName There is no documentList tag in your xml Tag document is the only array in your xml not document_list Add one more span with id documentList1 to execute the above code
Validation doesn't work with knockout bindings....
I advise ordering the Omakase because while $85 seems pricey, you're bil is going to be close that anyway.\n\nI know I keep talking about money and it makes me sound like a peasant, but having abject sticker shock at the end of any dining experience is never fun.\n\nIt was, however, worth it.
I'm trying to run a recording of a class on Wiziq.
I kept hearing that you had to pay $5 each time, but no one on the fitness staff ever approached me regarding this.
The store is very clean, bright, well laid out, and bears a friendly staff that is eager to help.
Btw, mutable structs like this are generally a really bad idea.
You need to look into your other routes and ensure that this route is placed in the right order.
Originally, Underground Food Collective seemed to be the most logical place for us, but after meeting with them and feeling like we had to change what we wanted to be \""hipster\"" enough to fit their vision and seeing the outrageous price tag that comes with their catering, we knew we had to look elsewhere.
All seafood is fresh and prepared with care.
Lebanon and my husband and I visit a couple times a year, and on a night we had to ourselves decided to have a late dinner here.As it was a Saturday, the place was packed and had a couple groups waiting.
They also have retro tee-shirts (and not the ones you can get at Target, either).
More information about the predefined margin and padding in Bootstrap can be found here .
you can add comma from second emailid onwards.
Tucked in a quiet wooded lot in Mt.
I don't mind saying I may eat here again tomorrow!
When I try to run this Ant build inside of Eclipse, the build fails because it is unable to create the necessary directories because its getting permission/access denied errors.
Try the pork with fried bean curd and make it on the spicy side.
First off you walk in get greeted and led to your table and handed a nice tapas menu.
This will loop forever if a value other than -1 is entered.
I used 4-6 hours to finding this but not found.
I arrived a little before 12 and the place was already crowded and by 12:30 every table was full.
URL redirection in mac osx yosemite I need to redirect a particular url to my localhost in mac osx-yosemite.
In that it requires manually listing on the columns and not using select *.
Our waiter was very nice and helpful and was again quick to help customize my vegetarian friend's needs.
Anyone have any clue on how to fix this?
I have tried: but I get the error message I don't know if it is relevant, but the lists are in decimal.Decimal format.
I love the look and feel of the restaurant although it was a bit warm inside.
The query might look something like this: Set you parameter values to be populated by this query: Now Add a table that can list your parameter values.
I used animate to move the div +100px, and then -100px, but it is not moving up and off the screen to be hidden.
but when i run command i am getting this error and please give me some tips to upgrade magento current version from ssh Please Help to fix that
Since you know the HTML file you downloaded and put in is text, it would have been best for you to save it to a file in text mode.
However, with abstract classes, you can declare fields that are not static and final, and define public, protected, and private concrete methods.
When almost everything is cacheable, compressed, and doesn't require any data crunching, things load very fast.
I remember when you could only get them with strawberries, but blueberries are now an excellent alternative.\n\nTheir coffee is as spectacularly terrible as ever.
If it doesn't, chances are it's not meant for Linux (or is a really, really bad reference/example).
They always seem to have unique roasts from the world's most popular coffee regions.
Here's what my hypothetical repository looks like: Run on candidate objects until you find the one you're missing.
Change this to Plus add any default value as first item.Check if first item is selected,than do not do anything.
We have had this problem multiple times and I have no idea why this keeps happening or what I can do to help the problem...
They had plenty of entertainment including a really awesome competitive teen cheer leading routine, children's choir, and great jazz band.
Just be careful in that it is cash only and I know at one point they were BYOB although I am not sure if that is still the case.
I will return when I am back in Charlotte.
It reminded me of the Flinstones when they get that huge rack of triceratops-ribs that in turn topples over their Flinstonesmobile during the credits.
I tried several SIM cards and they all seem to work without specifying the APN field.
There was some kind of event or show going on that night in Uptown (when isn't there anymore?) and Cosmos was providing a limited menu with only a few simple items (not even their gourmet options) so they could get people in and out quicker.
My back was to her, but my boyfriend told me that she mouthed the words \""Let her win\"" to him.
I like Glass Nickel a little better, but this is pretty good.
So when the event is registered the function call happens and its result is assigned there.
\n\nDefinitely a good brunch place for when you're really hungry!
Forcing your service into the foreground might increase the risk of hurting overall device performance, and it does force the presence of a persistent notification in the notification bar, which annoys some users (at least me).
is there any way using plaint JS to get value of a css property of an element?
Right now I am using slf4j when writing java code, but hybris itself is using log4j for any generated code.
I highly recommend this nail salon and will definitely be going back!
Static objects are destroyed in the reverse of the order in which they're constructed (e.g.
Here is a Class that I wrote and used at several places look thru the methods to see what you can use..
So that when I do something like this (where d is my double with value 2) it prints 2.00.
A little too much arugula , so I removed some and it was better.\nWill look forward to coming back next visit to Charlotte
1 - Tom 2 - Mary ...
The pace is slower than some restaurants, but it's worth the extra time.
MongoDB PHP Limit the returning values of a field i have a collection like this.
For example: The url I have now is business.time.com Now I want to get rid of the top level domain(.com).
I usually go here after a night of partying.
I wanted to do a lot of the wedding myself and they were happy to allow me to drop off the drink mixes store before the wedding, as well as using my DIY place settings.
I liked the flavor, and the greens were tender, soft but with a nice bite.
Those initial tokens can be consumed instantly.
It's hard to miss the hundreds of gold rimmed plate-plaques filling the walls floor to ceiling - and the ceiling!
Great outdoor seating, cozy inside seating and the bar is long and hospitable.
There's way too much food and it's all really good - don't get me started on the Jambalaya!
I do know that I should remove it in I'm just curious about the lower level details.
There isn't a ton of seating that's the only drawback at least inside there isn't but other than that a nice chill spot to hang out.
And this is my public structure: As expect, View must contain 2 column with same width but when I run View only contain 2 row (exactly means bootstrap css layout not work)
One of my projects has an internal error due to some resource compiler issue, I suspect, however it still works two years later, even after many modifications and rebuilds.
They have a good selection of pastries and cookies, as well as a broad selection of tasty sandwiches that come with a satisfying side salad.\n\nIn addition, they have a wonderful selection of teas; I'm no expert, and don't know their supplier, but the half-dozen different blends I've tried were all memorably flavorful.\n\nAll that, and it's a lovely center of community, where you can bring your laptop or a book or a friend and spend the day.
I tried other libraries too like androidplot , achartengine library..
The serving was huge so i got to try some of his stuff.
They have very impressive operations to handle the heavy foot traffics during lunch hours.
So, that's what I did, I ordered the food after ordering my coffee.
My meal overall was very filling and I'm extremely happy with my meal and service overall.
It's worked for me, in Grails.
Any help here is appreciated, I am here to learn!
I was so surprised to find the unassuming tiny metal acorn literally jump at me!
The main.axml does not recognize that layout.
We will then pickup some Mama R's bread pudding for dessert.
Something as simple as the line below will work:
Steve and Clint are good newer additions as server and bartender.
It is it a bit snobbish sure, but not nearly as much as many of the other coffee shops in Pittsburgh.
I am guessing this is what you want?
iOS 8.4 returns only one preferredLocalization "de".
(193mb in use of the 5gig max.) What will solve that time out issue?
Now I want to add it to my TabBar project.
Column level permissions are not included in SharePoint to my knowledge.
This is saying, essentially, "For each line in the file, split the line on the tab character into an array of strings, then create an array of those arrays (such that each element in the returned array is an array)" The function takes an Enumerable of something and applies a function to each item, producing 1 output value for each input value.
I had been drinking 'good' beer at other downtown establishments known for the same, but the Hamm's were somehow better.
from client side I am passing username,password,groupname,friendusername it will return array list.
Here's a pretty graph of the app's memory use over time: The 4 peaks on the graph are 4 executions of the exact same task on the app.
These guys don't do that at all.
Plotting some points looks like this: When I switch to a log scale on the y-axis, some of the points are not connected: Is this a bug?
free samples of a lot of different things.
It is also a really good place to go with large groups because they have plenty of space, there is never a wait, and they can accommodate very large groups at one table.
Charlotte offers a wide variety of destinations, including European cities such as Frankfurt, Munich, and Rome.
The smell of the grill draws you in from blocks away.
Both the parent and the child Recordset may have columns which contain an expression on the row in the Recordset, as well as columns which are new and initially empty.
I'm willing shut the app down when they try but need to do some things first.
The jukebox is too susceptible to people with bad music tastes.
The problem, such as it is, is that if they were busier, the lines would be difficult to navigate.
The best way to deal with this is by indexing into the rows using a Boolean series as you would in R.
Before hanging up they reminded me to bring a bottle of wine if I wanted one.
I asked for cheese dip (queso) when we sat down and ordered our drinks.
From their Github page: Writing document is so important for developing, but it is really painful with Xcode.
Note: it works fine for but not for Update the pro file with translation language Generate &amp; edit using Qt linguist.
Dr Simard is really awesome and not afraid to be covered in slobber which is a way of life for any Basset owner.
The prefix 0 indicates octal, whereas 0x indicates hexadecimal.
That revision was signed using the signature field .
Somewhere in your code you must be changing the selected index.
Nice outdoor seating in the summer.
bit-shifting by more than the width of the type), the result is always reduced modulo 2 N for a type with precision N .
Application with Certificate that created in Tizen Studio can be run only Emulator.
The code is- Although, I have initialized a,b and c,yet it is showing errors.Why?
Something like Can anyone help me with this?
Following the Edit to include: Note : using a will not work as the mechanism SI uses for removing a header will only remove the header if it is not already null .
The sandwiches are enormous and full of delicious meats.
Comfortable bar stools and warm wood accents and tables.
The downside is that the farther down the list, the more data would be loaded.
Is the sender aware of that id?
Thanks a lot for your help :)
I was trying to use fplot but it was giving me errors: Am I using the wrong plot function?
And, let's not even talk about the malts!
nsupdate in basic CSH script for BIND in unix I have never used C and I'm not writing this for security reasons, i am just writing this script to test an update via nsupdate to my BIND for a specific zone being "zoneA.unix".
I realllllllly wish there would have been corn bread.
The drinks are decent and there are many local and big artists that come here for shows.
I would suggest that Google exemplifies the best UI for search.
To read obj back from this textfile, you can call:
The overall price was very good for the amount of food you get.
You might find this tutorial on FPA of interest.
Go and have yourself one of the best burgers you will ever have in your life and add a hot homemade bowl of soup to your check, outstanding!
How a compiler implements an array is up to the compiler.
Update if you want to change the grey color you can do so by adding another class and toggling it as follows: working fiddle
my last code can be good one?
Cannot see docker repositories in kwk frontend I have setup my private registry and also pushed some images in it.
While I love the idea of a drive-in in theory, in practice I'm always annoyed by it.
I recommend taking a tour, stopping for lunch either in the restaurant or the cafe and then finishing your day with viewing another collection.
Here's what we purchased:\n\n-Produce: It's plentiful and beautiful...
With the date columns being checked as part of the view the server could cache a plan that always assumes the dates will be checked.
We were only there for 2 short layovers, but we did have the opportunity to try Bojangles chicken (late night....flight delayed) - it tasted good at the time!
My question is this, If I have set the looped data into a set key and display the set key (Newest First) Then what happens when a new post is inserted?
:) And this place is good.
See a parking space on the street?
Seems like this hotel has been there for quite some time, but has steadily been maintained and updated.
Since recently taking a more serious interest in brewing my own coffee, I am willing to go in search of a better bean.
demo: using your code: then use $id any way you like
All of the pasta tasted freshly made (not dried) and with exceptionally light and balanced sauces.
One of the most delicious burger in Pittsburgh !
To create the alert and to have data at the ready when the alert is dismissed, I declared 4 NSStrings (although I probably only need 2) in the header file.
It takes a bit longer than not doing this way but the trade off is well worth it.
The restroom attendant is a nice touch to make sure it's clean, and the greeting is nice.
We noticed that the hostess greeted most people who came thru he door by name.
Call these methods inside start method your code will work properly.
He said it felt just like home.
Taking a strange dog into a place full of dogs is a little dicey.
Declarations can't be inline with selector.
She really wanted us to have a good time.
We worked closely with a glass artist.
I am a history fan...so when a friend told me about this I made sure he took me to go see it.
Thank you so much in advance.
Assume that function returns a data frame contains 10000 rows at a time.
It is hands down the best burger i've ordered in a loooong time.
Variables to get windows directories in x64 bit version?
I tried with a query as it.
Implications of using std::vector in a dll exported function I have two dll-exported classes A and B.
Google just deprecated the need for the #!
Every example I've been through seems to just go ahead and plot all 513 values and they don't seem to have this mirroring issue.
According to the Steam survey, in 2013, 38% of customers with OpenGL 3.x drivers didn't have 3.3 support, even though hardware which supports 3.0 should support 3.3.
However, I have a few classes I am trying to share with my silverlight app, 'mature' classes, that I would like to send to the client full of data.
The Cajuns are coated in a spicy dusting of Cajun seasoning.
The food is cheap, good, and fast, and the people are friendly.
A little overcooked, in my estimation.
\n\nBased on the price of the various rolls, I'm guessing that the David and the First Date were the ones we really liked the best!
Separating axes from plot area in MATLAB I find that data points that lie on or near the axes are difficult to see.
I definitely could have skipped the spinach salad, just because I already had so much food and we were staying in a hotel without a mini fridge.
Boyfriend got the pad thai, and I found it a little disappointing in that it was indistinguishable from takeout pad thai.
How to return a value from a range if cell contains that value I have a list of Names (First and Surname) in A:A.
The Windows registry doesn't appear to be an option since Cygwin no longer stores it's mount points in the registry.
I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in Charlotte.
\n\nThe big hit the first time was the Tofu Green Curry.
While you won't find anything truly amazing, everything I've tried has been delicious, well thought out, and ready quickly.\n\nValue: this is where they truly shine.
so that means hour, minute and am/pm.
How can i increment the counter?
For $28.00 you can not get a better meal (and a drink) You will be full by the time you leave, and the food is so creative and scrumptious.
They also have a handful of baked pastas which I found to be good as well.
Using SSH or a script This can be done with chmod command.
\n\nI am always impressed with the quality and presentation of the food and beverages.
It's an old building but they really make it work and don't fight their limitations at all.
Crispy fried pockets of pizza dough filled with the most mouth watering gooey cheese, bits of sausage and tangy tomato sauce inside.
It has two views under .
Oh, and a side of toast.
I have a PHP script that's accepting parameters and giving me same HTML output all the time.
The place isn't exactly cheap, so our waiter earned a nice tip.
Supposing you have an with , you can use following javascript:
Try this: Explanation: returns null if no element is found.
They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.
The problem is that when you try to , your have not been appeared on the screen, so it always returns 0.
This explains your reduced image quality.
We were able to find a parking lot about two blocks away but the walk was nice.
They turned out ok, but not as good as getting them fresh from the store.
Now I can associate an action segue from my enter/create button to the Tab Bar Controller, but if I do that then even if the users enter their passwords incorrectly the segue will still happen..
Rocking chairs, lots of glass windows, and a large selection of food choices...I wish I flew in to Charlotte more often!!
He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew.
Highly recommended!\n\nI definitely recommend this place but just make sure you are hungry when you go!
This kind of sucks because we can’t provide default values to protocol function declarations.
I'd put their rib tips, ribs, and bbq up against any of the local bbq spots without a doubt.....it's just that darn good.
The xhr is "[object Object]" Eventually I am trying to call the php file to query from a mysql database to create a table(if you know of a better and more efficient way of doing this please let me know), but for now all I want is the echo of the php call to come back and be put into the div as it should.
One of the best co-ops I have ever been to.
But for vegetarians who miss \""typical\"" dishes, China Place is so the place to go!
They are very well made and although expensive, pretty generous.
This is my thread: I need to pause the thread when i press a button and resume from where i pause the thread.
It was $65 for four of us.
\n\n\nWell, some 25 years later I tried Le Peep again.
Excellent location in the center of everything: within a 5 block radius, there are dozens of wine bars, eateries, nice restaurants, and even clubs & lounges.\n\nTheir rooms have good wifi, free sodas and water bottles in their fridge, and they sometimes come during the evenings with free mini Ghirardelli chocolates to hand out.
A multiple binds to, and post back an array of value types.
The venue isn't as cool as Coffee Tree, but the staff are always friendly, and again, the coffee is better.
I added pepperoni, 'cause I was feeling kinda wild.
The food was great the service was great.
The entire element is draggable instead of its contents.
I would love a spoon-feeding on this one as I seem to miss some very important, but not so obvious, part in my current application.
Now, I must recommend that you eat out in the sun as well.
We got the pork chop split rice and the pork sate pho.
then save only the ones that has data:
If we start with a Hash whose default value is we can do (almost) everything—look up the month (or get the default value of it's a new month) and add 1 to the appropriate index ( for false and for true)—in a single step:
I also suggest you try their italian hoagie- big, lots of meat, good dressing, and toasted in a crunchy way- my favorite in Pittsburgh.
So my solution is following: I created an instance.
But HT in Ballantyne came in handy - we made several trips to this location during out five day visit.
I miss Penn Mac now that I live in Hawaii but I will visit every time I am in Pittsburgh!
If you want to perform it with XSLT then, in your template, you need to process the attributes as well, e.g.
I'm a fan of going early (though it's so empty and lonely looking early in the day) for a brunch of bangers, rashers, and mash.
I am trying to add a click listener to one of the buttons inside a custom element in the "created" life cycle callback (even tried "ready" callback with same result).
Below image is the Second page of the report where there are no records and summary is displayed.
There is a fireplace in the front room that I wish we could have been seated near.
Now i want to cancel the replica request through Softlayer python API.(not through portal) I have checked there are 2 services related to billing; Which service i should use &amp; how?
Their \""burnt almond torte cake\"" is supposed to be really famous, but i always got distracted by the cookies...
And since I was already running late - if you could not tell - it just made my day that much better.\n\nThat in turn led to me trying to find another neurologist.
We needed 'American Idol' judges costumes and the costume designer brought out magazine pictures of the judges and a large selection of choices and accessories to get everything just right.
I would suggest that you look at Rossen Stoyanchev's excellent example project , if you haven't done so already, as it includes several examples of how to test the websocket configuration at different levels (just one controller, loading the full context, running an embedded server, ...).
I can understand some value in separating small objects from big ones once they reach Level 2, but there are enough cases where big objects get created and abandoned that forcing them to level 2 seems counterproductive.
I believe this requires creating at least one temporary file, but would appreciate any comments otherwise :)
I have the same warning too.
Then, from within the Supervisor base class, I use the double pointer superPointer to change the value of TheSupervisor extern pointer to the address of the superObject.
The idea here is to select all dates that are less than '2015-01-05' which means its previous days.
My final should look like this: There can be many and many items within.
You see, we used to go here every Friday after our first (and last) class of the day in college.
1.Search the file, search all num, and create a relative 2-d matrix or something like below.
I still haven't found any ghost activity, but as long as Frank is serving drinks, I'll certainly keep looking!
If you are looking for a great fishfry this is your place.
My main question is, how can I reference when the users mouse is over the exact shape of the continent?
Good for both meat eaters and vegetarians!\n\nWhat I order:\n\nRoti Canai\nMango Chicken\nNasi Goreng\nSambal Shrimp\nMalaya Sizzling Steak\nChar Kway Teow
A very simple (but rather memory expensive) way would be: If there's no duplicate chars, the sizes of both string and set will be equal.
It has a pretty cool design and good lighting.
See This tutorial and search down for the words "new delegate" and it will explain how that is done.
It would store the Part ID and Device ID, if a part is applicable to more than one device it would have more than one row.
will start at the beginning to prepare it to print out the values in the next while loop.
Life guards are always on duty and do take the job seriously.
I have a login page (login.twig), asking for email and a password.
I have a timer for showing a progressbar to every second and a button that starts the process.
Without AJAX, you can split the logic in two parts.
Unfortunately, my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave.
For AJAX requests running through a controller action, you'd need to use so that the flash message will be available for the current request.
\nLong story short, after stopping at a Firestone and having them charge me 30 dollars to plug my front tire and tell me my back tire had a nail in it that wasn't repairable.
Pros:\nSelection of liquor, beer, wine, chasers and gifts\nRarely out of anything\nDiscounted price if you use cash (debit card with pin # qualifies)\nTastings!!\n\nOnly con is parking.
Don't get me wrong, there's always people there, just always seems to be a table ready!\n\nWe are not big eaters so we get a half order of French toast, breakfast special, and a side of grits - and split that all between us and our 1 year old daughter.
From the View's perspective, the object it is bound to might not be that intuitive; when you need to add a properties and/or commands to the the object do you add those to the ViewModel and keep the 'original' properties in the Model or do you modify the Model?
I realized my second time around that there's a reason they can keep prices low.
Yes it IS the best.\nfree WIFI- nice and roomy and a great staff.
I must mention that many complained in their reviews about not being seated until all of party was there...uh, yeah!
I know Rosie's Coffee Bar & Bakery on Monona Drive serves it.
This is my code to do the ajax call to my php file and my php file that echos whatever information back: What I would like is to be abble to see what happens in my php file, or for example, to see the content of variable.
It is because of him, not my now former gyn Dr.
You either do this: or this: Also, the final answer ( ) should be out of the loop.
The simplest and pretty much idiomatic way to do it would be: You'll see this pattern often in Qt and other code, and it's the simplest way to do it that works equally well on C++98 and C++11 :) This way you're working on the vector that's already in the map.
spicy ginger chicken is the best, and they'll make it hot as you like it.
In the C++ code you are translating to C#, look for a macro definition or inline function definition for .
However in this case it would be great if I could just take this DevlopmentFilter out of the restricted-class check or somehow work around it.
Overall declaring different data types with the same structures, doesn't make sense to me.
Unable Redirecting to a New Page I want to redirect to a new page on a button click.
There isn't a "standard" black one, but it's not that much work to do what you're asking.
Really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
The main driver behind this is encapsulation and code re-use.
The meal started with a small basket of mini goodies including double chocolate muffins, cranberry almond scones and buttermilk biscuits.
very casual, small menu, good, attentive service.
\""hey buddy, thats really a jerk thing to do, thanks\"" again, what the hell!
\n\nI wouldn't have it any other way.
Luckily, hot dogs (and other similar items) are usually quick to eat, so people don't stay seated for very long.
I waited for a few minutes while Jerry finished up with his customer and then just sort of presented my tire to him with a smile and a look that said \""please don't judge me for not knowing what to do about this.\"" No judgement.
I look forward to watching you guys play football every Sunday.
When you load in a in the JButton , the code creates a new and sets the model: The instance is local to this method, thus any changes to the instance variable will not be reflected in the (in other words, ).
Probably the best, if you don't need portable code (you'll be using wchar_t, which should really be avoided on every other platform), is to set the mode of the output file handle to take only UTF-16 data.
The only automated solution I found was to create a simple Maven plugin that do the two previous modification, and then run the following command (or use a .bat file): Question Is there a better way to manage such configuration?
You may have to wait for the to become available and then get a handle to it.
But it's not working right, when i type yes it says invalid instead.
In spring config xml file all dependency are instantiate for Singleton scope when application context start?
It'll be the best part of your commute.
The output from the above code looks like this D:\Source\NGTests\ConsoleApplication1\Program.cs:TestFunction(30,7) D:\Source\NGTests\ConsoleApplication1\Program.cs:Main(11,9)
The brats are decent, the burgers have flavor, and oh yeah - spicy cheesy pepper tater tots.
The only solution i can imagine is, i have to overwrite the behavior how jQuery encodes URL, and replace all (') with %27.
As soon as the mouse button is depressed, is called, which puts a button in the same place.
given AWS has only ever reduced prices so far, and regularly does so in fact much to the delight of its customers).
Note: I didn't get any response in the first version of this question, so I modified it to be more generic...
i don't remember which entree we had but there was beef, shrimp and pork and chicken.
When i use a term document matrix i get a 5*1000 matrix.
Store the latest known location somewhere (a config file or the database, depending on your setup).
So far I was thinking to create new table which will store and so when update SP is triggered, it will update Name and Category fields and store those column names in new table under like comma separated strings ( , ...) and on retrieving member data SP will not return nor (those should be null) but just and .
The sauce had little flavor and the chicken was a bit chewy.
In this case, I do not get any compilation error, but linking errors.
Of course if I click the "View clicked user" link first, it will display nil.
Graph 2 files using gnuplot I am trying to create a graph on gnuplot for 2 different files.
The issue I have: using firebug for verification I realize that the http request does not show errors, but the LinkedIn Button is not rendered and the http response is: Can you assist me in solving this issue?
Mouse Leaving the window alert Pop-Up--Moodle I have developed an online exam using the Moodle software which is written in PHP.
We finished the meat without getting into the buns very much.
I was a little bummed out about that.
My boyfriend had the Triple C Rail Pale Ale.
So in your case might be suited as OR OR
My wife and I loved our food and the service.
When we had to put our children on a diet free of gluten and dairy, we were lost -- until we found the East End Food Co-op.
Will definitely go back for round two!
The second digital signatures signs Rev1 completely.
I mean, I want to send an error to Client if he sends a string for "myno" property.
I need to be able to make changes as I was able to in the old account.
I have a webpage that displays some graphs using Jquery.
It contains a hex string which is actually a Guid when you decode it using an ascii decoder.
Best Green Curry in the city.\n\nWe've been there twice, once for lunch, and once for dinner.
It's our go to Chinese carry-out.
Can't wait until my next event uptown so that I can dine here again!
How could you determine success or error if it was called before the server thread execution had completed?
Assuming it's a business site: What's your target market?
What's making it even more obnoxious for me is the fact that I have plenty of working border code in other parts of this css file...
I want to get value of row where checkbox is checked.
Clean, well maintained but nothing shiny or fancy here.
Just create a with the set to and add a that sorts on and execute the fetch against the .
If the number of commit rows and the size of your file is large then you may get issues with the rollback segments being too small or the rollback itself taking a long time to complete (shouldn't an issue if you are using direct path).
The cornbread is ok, I don't like the corn pieces in it really.
Is the DB growing by 5000 bytes for every row?
If it's still giving you trouble, send us a link so we can see the details of how you have things wired.
The warm red sauce they served with the burrito was smoky and yummy!
This is alway the biggest problems for us, because we don't know the scope of the project we can't give the customer a fixed price, and most customers demands a fixed price.
The decor is lovely, very bohemian and cozy.
EDIT You can continue using the same models and hence keep the references throughout the app.
However, the event handler argument, which is the equivalent of , does not have property and changing the cursor from there does not have any effect.
MYSQL accepts only root accounts I've got a real big problem.
For reference, I am a street size 8-10.\n\nAnne Gregory's sample sizes seemed to be a size up from the ones at Bridal Beginnings, which was enormously helpful.
If it's lunch...\n\nORDER A PRETZEL ROLL...or maybe 3!
Since the UML class diagram aims at showing the source code dependencies between classes, I'm wondering how I can draw a class diagram based on the following code.
SQL Alchemy and Storm are both good tools.
SqlMembershipProvider administration Before I embark on writing my own solution to this issue, can anyone point me to a pre-built solution for managing standard user details when using the SqlMembershipProvider?
There was just the perfect amount of everything on the dish; the potato cake was just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the capers of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon.
Following is the code of SearchView in FriendListActivity : AdapterFriendList.java The following code is populating the list view of ChatFragment : } My problem is that when i click on CHAT tab,nothing is displayed but when i click on SearchView presented on the Activity containing the chat tab,the contents of list view are displayed .I want the contents of CHAT tab to be displayed when the user press of swipe the screen.Please help me to fix the issue.
There is not a bad seat in this house for a football game.
I'd easily say this is the best Chinese takeout place I've found since I've been in Pittsburgh (about a year).
I shoved so much in my mouth I thought I was going to throw up.
This was another \""Yay my birthday is during restaurant week!\"" dinner for me.
Kendo Sort not working i have implemented a kendo grid as shown below , paging works without any issues but sort not work.
Liz's 40th birthday was approaching and I wanted her to enjoy her friends.
A well coded application can deal with this however.
I've found a good smoothie place in the area!
Ironically, my family and I avoid eating red meats whenever possible, which seems awkward when dining at a renowned steakhouse.
Silex double form I'm currently using Silex2 FormFactory to build a form and I stumbled on a problem.
I wore a dress while my date wore a jacket and slacks.
Every meal I have eaten there has been tasty.
The exhibit is an hour long.
\n\nFree Wi-fi and a fitness center open 24 hours.
By default which techniques is used by JAVA to handle hashcode collision By default which techniques is used by JAVA to handle hashcode collision ?
I said \""wireless router?\"", she pointed and said \""computers are straight back\"", so straight back I went.
If you can't make it across the pond then the Waldhorn is a trip worth making.
It explains the use of (if you want to discard the first N parameters) and then implementing Mass Usage (look for the heading with that title).
\n\nAlso, if you stop in the bar on the way out, or just chill down there to enjoy the view -- you just might run into a celebrity.
Despite the kooky spelling, Kards Unlimited is a great place to shop for a gift.
a GET request/response for page2.aspx associated response has the cache-control header just has a value 'pre-check=0' That second request seems to allow the caching to happen for the page..
It's the most adorable Starbucks I've ever been to!
The beer selection was amazing and they had some great specials ( I was able to partake in a pumpkin beer for the first time for just 4 bucks :) ) I had an order of nachos and this was the one disappointment of the evening...the sauces they came with were great, but the nachos themselves were just kinda meh.
If you haven't stopped here yet, you will soon.
The top roping area is pretty small, but they work with what they've got.
Just make a development branch (in terms of source control) for your previous project version, and continue to develop new version, extending functionality.
You need to pass the post ID to tell WordPress to check the recent post in your loop instead of the global object.
It may be a little old, but nonetheless it is ideal for my application because it is an 'on-demand' keyboard (i.e.
Bloody mary's on a sunday morning?
We visited this pub on our first trip to Charlotte.
So I've got customers, but no payments.
I am not sure if there is somewhere a formally structured file with publication dates?
This is happening because in HTML you have multiple textareas with same attribute that is .
This is my loop to register command line vars.
That did not matter as it was delicious.
I want to mark each instance of in DF2 with the appropriate from the 30 min bin in DF1.
they have a full service auto department that has good deals on services too so you can shop around and play with the power tool displays or make things out of the pvc fittings while you're waiting.
The bacon and cheese covered dish was delicious and I'd get it again (without tomatoes).
The staff wasnt the friendliest but the food, beer, and prices made up for that.
According to your stated rules: if I send parameter with CrateID = 2 and FruitID = 4, I want it to add another row ( assumption is that no rows exist yet for CrateID = 2 ) if rows already exist for CrateID = 2: delete all records where CrateID = 2 and then add new records I am sending in parameter, don't touch another CrateIDs Hence, you shouldn't be using for this.
In my view I want to show a row for each classroom and a comma separated list for the students: Right now, I find the records for each classroom and create the list of students and combine that to create a dictionary.
($2 off all martinis and half price buffalo chicken spread)
I stopped into this location because my friend recommended it.
I ordered from their dollar menu (biscuit with sausage, egg whites and cheese) Not a bad idea.
allow people to only alter certain values in an input JavaScipt I have the following code I was wondering how I could use JavaScript to ensure that a user can only edit the "MM" and "YYYY" in the textbox.
In your code, you are doing that by doing .
We ordered gumbo too just to splurge but it seemed bland in comparison to that excellent BBQ shrimp juice.\n\nI always feel bad waiting sitting through a waiter's shpeel about the daily specials and not ordering one so I ordered a steak special and my lady got chicken Diane.
I'll go here again and again, for eat-in or take-out.
The whole place was redone in 2009 when a new owner bought it, who bought Redbeards in Mt.
I want to start/stop a stop watch only using the spacebar.
A few suggestions: ADJACENCY TEST The test in FindAdjacent will only find diagonal neighbours at the moment If you also want to find left/right/up/down neighbours you would want to use ADJACENCY LOOP I think your code looks suspicious in FindAdjacent at the line I don't really understand the intention here.
I called this morning to follow up and the lady who answered the phone knew exactly what I was talking about, before I even got the full sentence out!
PS: It worked with me :-)
We showed up at the Great Wall sometime around noon and there were about four tables taken up.
\n\nThey have a surprisingly excellent beer selection, mostly micros.
CTRL-Click on your application bundle and click Show Package Contents.
The decor is \""down home.\""\n\nThe hot sauce is hotter than you might expect...so I recommend you ask for a mix, or just go for the mild.\n\nLet's just say I every so often get a craving for Wilson's BBQ, and it's always a special treat.
I don't think we changed anything.
Go early otherwise you may wait for a long time.
I was at a loss, but driving around Bloomfield, the first one to catch my eye was Graziano's.
non-random, varies across Python implementations, and depends on the dictionary’s history of insertions and deletions.
for 2 ppl, we get a full order of shrimp etoufee, shimp creole and a red bean and rice double meat.
You get AMD and Common.JS and ES6 support, you don't mix your node modules and client modules (node_packages and jspm_packages), and flat dependecies...
Stop in here for a quick lunch and a shake or an ice cream cone..
Once you have a reference to the module, you can use it to create application.
That's really all I have to say.
When I indulge, I go to Zorba's.
They are, in no particular order:\n\n- No room service and the food court-type restaurant in the lobby holds limited operating hours.\n- Despite the size of the rest of the room, you've got tight quarters in the sink area outside the bathroom.
This comes served with french fries and coleslaw and hot sauce served on top.
Chocolate (Sassy Cow!) ice cream, chocolate milk and chocolate syrup.
If the backing field isn't static, how are you going to obtain an instance for that field when you use it in a static property accessor?
And is there any way smsinterceptors if not is there any alternative way to do it?
Active-Directory is a bit more more than a common LDAP Directory like OpenLDAP or Oracle Directory Server Enterprise Edition (formerly SUN Directory Server Enterprise Edition).
Her favorite parts were the painting room and the water room.
The ambiance Id perfect and the experience is one that feels authentic.
\n\nThe Rachel was awesome, with a good amount of turkey, but not overwhelming and lots of coleslaw, which is totally how I like it!
The pasta was ok (see lunch review for update) and came in a large portion.
Negatives are stored in '2s Complement' form, eg: 1111_1111 == -1 But why?
If we find our way out this year, maybe we'll give 'em a try!
then I searching references in google, say that should then choose System.Net.Extension.dll in .NET tab, but it not found in the list I try to import the System.Net.Extension.dll with manually.
Person was very professional who took my order.
It really feels like a neighborhood place.
It's by far the nicest and newest looking airport I've been to.
Magento product zoom files Can someone please tell me what are the Javascript files for default Magento Product Zoom extension.
PS: any way to find out unclosed mysql connections ??
If it is, is this just telling the SMTP server how long the file is and then I should just write a base 64 encoded string onto the network stream and write it to a file to be used for sending the email on.
Ensure doesn't have a blacklisted word at the beginning, end, and anywhere in between.
You can use the Customer Groups feature in PrestaShop 1.5 and only allow logged in customers to see the prices.
Or maybe I would have to develop something, but I'm a C# guy so I'm not too familiar.
I'm a heavy(tea) drinker, so this was great!
The curry itself was good and the dish was a good effort.
Unfortunately, they discontinued one of my favorite products - Field Roast Deli Slices.
I just added ASP.NET4 routing, which changes the URLs.
For this particular problem, I recommend to simply pass the problem file to either as a command line argument or via stdin (use option).
Grab a friend, have them drive and run in to pick up your pie.
And out of the 30 channels on the TV I think ~12 of them were sports.
You dont need to make properties manually.
I usually buy the bargain seats in the back for $10-$20 dollars.
I'm a young woman with an old car that I didn't want to put a lot of money into.
The pico is very good and you can taste the fresh cilantro.
Here's a quick and easy way, so long as your background is a solid color.
it made me a bit leery, and I am from out of town.
First let me disclose that I joined their beer club....
them they try to style it and it gets worse.
And when I found out my car had to stay at the shop for a few hours, they offered me a free ride home.
Observers and Asynchrony in Ember.js I follewed the guide on the ember.js homepage and found that code at this section : According to the comments the function should output an old version of the fullName property.
To understand what I'm trying to do, you can look at this simple jsfiddle: You can see that the background image is fixed to the top left corner of the screen and not to the div.
Good local place to bring the family.
I believe that service has improved, so I bumped this restuarant up to 4 stars!
perfectly baked, perfectly golden, and firm but moist days later.\n\nand, of course, the almond torte, which is essentially their yellow \""scrap batter\"" cake, creamy custard, and homemade buttercream formed into a little log and rolled through loads of secret-recipe-toasted almonds.
\n\nI would definitely return to Luce and as much as I loved the scallops, I know I would need to try out one of their other menu items.
Always had great food, Try the clam chowder!!!
I want to develop a particular functionality for a java based web application.
I'm a very happy customer with phpurchase.
The early bird special they currently run at $13 for a chicken and steak combo is an amazing deal too.
The static key word distinct the elements that are accessible with object creation.
If there are no such tools available, Please advice on whether to use OpenCL or anything else to reprogram my code.
Did anyone manage to make this setup work?
Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks.
I had a long drive to get there and missed a lot of football during the trek, but everything went smoothly as soon as I got there and after checked in.
But good news: I used the following workaround: I'm using font Arial and the two symbols "&lt;" and ">".
The place is always packed but we were quickly seated and like many have stated before my coffee cup never fell below 3/4 full before it was refilled.\n\nNow lets get to the nitty gritty: the food.\n\nI got the pancake breakfast, usually a very simple and easy breakfast but when the breakfast came I was so impressed.
Super cheap prices and fast and friendly service.
Excellents service, bartender recommended a dish that was'nt on the menu (but should be) called Sambal.
We only had to wait about 20 minutes which is good considering the size of the place and all the people waiting.
Basic Authentication in REST WCF I have developed one REST WCF and would like to client will use it with basic Authentication, I have hosted this service in IIS 7.0 and disabled all authentication except Basic Authentication.
Otherwise the click event bubbles, and since the button is nested inside the element that opens the form, both elements receive the click.
But by this the images doesn't load(obviously) and also I cannot navigate through the links as the browser doesn't have a direct access to the Internet.
Java: double: how to ALWAYS show two decimal digits I use double values in my project and i would like to always show the first two decimal digits, even if them are zeros.
I have friends who visit from out of town who order it to take home.
I ordered the miso soup, ginger salad and the Charlotte Delight Roll (tuna, steamed shrimp and avocado inside; white tuna, tuna and avocado on top).\nBy the time I arrived I paid at the counter and my order was just coming out of the kitchen, perfect timing.
I was travelling from Philadelphia to Richmond, to South Carolina to North Carolina to Georgia over the weekend.
I tried adding the coding but the problem persists.
Can struts.xml and struts annotation be used at the same time I am using two action classes in my application, i am using annotation in one action class and i want to use struts.xml for the other action class.
So data automatically insert in same name columns of datagridview.
I want this action to repeat itself without having to refresh the page, as well.
\n\nI should also say right off the bat that our server was outstanding.
AngularJS with ui-router: Changing value of a parent dependency of from child's controller Environment : AngularJS application (using UI Router) that has nested states.
From calling in to request some info, to meeting in person, I could tell that Blue Plate was full-service in every aspect of the word.
This means that the font you are using simple doesn't support your chosen characters.
They're playing the chicken dance song on their website!
Point is to learn and come up with solutions yourself, and learn new concepts.
Went here with some friends the other day and all I can say is YUMMY!
But that's the point of the journey, now, isn't it?\n\nSo bottoms up, there's a lot to drink.
Erlang's FSM code_change function usage I'm learning Erlang and I've learned about hot code loading, but I don't know how the gen_fst behavior's code_change function works.
I head to downtown champaign for the weekends.
I am working on an Android app and I need to make sure that the device has reached a certain point described with lat and lon.
\n\nFood is great, but there are rooms for improvement on the decor and cleanliness.
This is a nice small mall.
I don't need too much security.
Delivery is always within 20 minutes even though they say 40.
The restaurant was packed when we were there, and due to its small size, I doubt they can squeeze too many walk-ins in on a busy night.
The food is but an accessory.
(I don't think I've ever tried them yet -- but they look cute!)\n\nUS Airways club -- well, there's one.
We shared the frozen cashew terrine.
I can't stand to sit here and read these horrible reviews.
Native datatypes are only valid when using or .
If, on the other hand, your pickled structure started out as Python code, just leave it as Python code.
Commands using the default install directories in Ubuntu 12.04, 64bit were: I had also previously installed (through apt-get) odbcinst, so I redirected both files.
The sweet tea is perfect and Pork chops heavenly.
Maybe they were told to do that by someone in the party?\n\nFrom my personal experiences with this caterer I have to say it is hard to believe that a lot of what you are saying holds truth and validity.
This register does contain the singlePid of the contentelement (defined a single view page) and the uid of the newsarticle from the news extension.
When I restart VSCode it works after opening a few files, but it never seems to work right away.
My favorite was the fried green tomatoes.
I did not realize that the BaseEntity also had a callback validator .
I have tried adding them as both, using the awesome Paw app, to see if I could get it working, but I have not been able to.
It's a table with text and some images on each row, I've tried the display: table property but got no success on making rows and cells.
I obviously had forgotten all about it and then yesterday they called me up and said they had it behind the desk for me.
Make sure you have opened xcworkspace and NOT xcodeproj.
Much more creative then the drink menu at Bossa Nova.\n\nFor the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot.
For MVC6 , You need to decorate the controllers with attribute.
Turn the device off completely again and turn it back on.
The gallery has an extensive collection of birthstones, giving the history of each and how birthstones came to be.
I think it's an acquired taste, but their fish was perfectly crispy and the tartar sauce wasn't half bad either!
(I am using membership with mysql membership provider.) I can create new users.
Make a function of the logic that you want to run in back ground.
As much as Borders and Barnes are tried and true, it's refreshing to know that an indy is still around.
a macrodef that creates a dirlisting in xmlformat for nested filesets : Usage :
The values of the textbox is undefined - in PHP you are lookin for name_$i (with "_") and in javascript the names are without "_" (el.name = 'name' + i;) Also pay attention that in your javascript your loop starting from 1 (- in your php).
You've said they cut the cake early.
there also was a nice touch where you could mix and match fish, sauce, and a side (i think it was called 'simply sides').
Are there open source control(s) that can be used?
The absolute only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because the place isn't the cleanest I've seen.
Apart from the complexities of the paint process, they are not double buffered, which introduces flickering when the UI is updated.
It's prices are out of this world, especially when everything is a la carte.
A trick here would be to create a new column with just a single value like "1" for all of the rows (use "Insert Calculated Column" - be sure to freeze the column so you can join to it later).
There are shelves and shelves full of cookies, desserts, breads, sweetbreads, etc!
The return type should also use the already reified type , thus it should be .
There are two vintage stores in this area so you can check one then the other if you don't find what you're seeking on the first try...
Ckeditor plugin : how to unwrap text?
Do an internet search for "TCP 4-tuple" or "TCP 5-tuple" for more details.
Often, other college groups (clubs, fraternities, sports teams, etc.) share the same space.
The gcc faq doccuments it as well: The ISO C++ Standard specifies that all virtual methods of a class that are not pure-virtual must be defined, but does not require any diagnostic for violations of this rule .
I'm an UP & AT EM kinda early (6am -7am) kinda guy.
Winform viewing Since I add an extra screen to my developpment laptop and set an extended desktop, the view of the forms change by the way it show in the picture below two form with same code in windows 8
when some Eclipse-specific issue is checked (say, something concerning source folders, which don't exist in Sonar).
Don't be shy and indulge yourself in all that is the Capital Grille.
My idea: to solve this was to have a generic table with the most often used columns (like date, comment etc.) and a column containing a domain key .
I've eaten a taco here sweating my bum off.
Was VERY good - Love my French toast crispy and this totally hit the spot.
In ARC assign it would be released anywhere.
I found at least a dozen things that I really wanted that were priced under $50.
This is the real deal - a little Italy in itself.
The hot dogs were full and plump and had good flavor.
This is why adding 1 to the number doesn't do anything -- it's a change to one of the insignificant digits that isn't actually recorded.
requires additional scan over the data to build a model and additional memory to store vocabulary (index).
I think I am not too far from a final solution.
In addition the portion size was pretty large and the chicken was cooked perfectly and not dry at all.
Depending on the value of this number the function should do different things.
Bojangles reminds me so much of my childhood and the South.
Or can I do this event without gradle?
The only Chinese supermarket in Pittsburgh.
I will say however the staff is a little too unattentive for a 5 star review
Visualize JSF facelets inclusion This is a simple question: is there a tool or method that allows me to visualize from what set of Facelet template files my view is constructed?
Very warm and of course a lot of history!
If you include a at the start of your line, asp recognizes the whitespace.
I will eat it 3 hours later and cold, and it's still delicious.\n\nThey call out your name when your order is ready, my friends and I would give them funny names like Shaft and one time I was Captain, and my friend was Tennille, but they called Tennille first, that blew.
Split php mysql data into 20 rows per column I want to split the data from php mysql into 20 rows per column.
From the property docs: If no or an empty string is set, everything in the source model will be accepted.
All of the food was good.
Reply to a selected or opened mail in outlook using excel macro I have made a code in excel which creates a mail using excel envelop.
Doesn't look impressive from outside...but I enjoyed.\n\nGreat place for a quick lunch.
I successfully have implemented the progress bar, BUT for some reason it disappears BEFORE all of the listings are displayed.
The code does indeed do what it is supposed to.
\n\nBut the place was kid free this time.
They are knowledgable and happy to help.
The Wild Boar entree was a winner.\nService was great and waiter was very attentive.
One concern is if in the future I want to add a new device I have to create a new column, but it makes the programming easier.
In just the bar, and club that we actually did go to he saved us over $30 in just cover costs.
No better place in C-U for a gyros.
(see item 1.) Replace each view name in the query with the related query text.
The salmon is also very good, and the portion size ridiculous; you'll definitely have some to take home.\n\nSides: you must have the creamed spinach.
To permanently add a new column and populate it, you'll need to first to add the new column, and then that new column's content.
Still great food and service, although now I will not be able to frequent as often due to the harder hit to the wallet :(
I went straight for the cider.
I do love a crispy fish sandwich.
It's where you go to get in shape when the mega clubs have failed you.
Our soups came out fairly quickly.
Make sure to use these commands in viewdidload [RMMapView class]; mapView.contents.tileSource = [[RMOpenStreetMapSource alloc] init];
Paddy Cake is located on Liberty Avenue near West Penn Hospital.
Anyone that can help me out?
also I want to add pages dynamically when ever I want to add pages to application.
I would never worry about things going missing or my clothes being touched here.
I understand that a call to onPause is guaranteed.
According to preg_match can be slow, and you can have something like 0000 or 0051.
Either you get it or you dont.
They tend to have live music on Fridays and Saturdays.
You could get the textarea by If it's the only one on your page.
Basically, you "break" the text into everything before the cursor and everything after the cursor.
She is a wonderful restrauntuer and a great lady.
His meal was a little lighter than mine, but still filling and so very delicious.\n\nAnd reasonable!
And inside of your loop collect your strings: After the loop would have all the strings.
Plenty of interesting people drop through all the time, and there's always good conversation.\n\nThe service is occasionally a bit slow when the diner fills up, but it's not usually much of a problem.
It's not too far from the Belmont Drive-In Theatre, so you could make a true throw-back experience out of it.
First stop on my Midwest Brew Crawl with the BF!
works on the same data on these different hosts (the data can be stored on the host or on the stick).
Example> 一 => 1 十 => 2 日 => 4
Find element not directly in dom path I have a dom structure that looks something like (although a lot more complex) As you can see the divs with class arn't directly in the dom path of the relative buttons.
You also don't need to get the storyboard the way you do, you can just use self.storyboard.
It seems that the actionButton is still reinitialized ???
Do I need to have my driver create two separate devices, a v4l2 device and an alsa device?
It depends on what browsers you want to support.
Widget runs fine in emulator, Doesn't do anything on device itself I'm trying to develop a widget which is a big miss on the samsung galaxy note 10.1: an S-pen note widget.
There are simply no negatives i can say except i wish there were more locations.
Went here to see a band out of upstate New York Sophistafunk recently and a great time was had by all.
Just got a notification from PHPClasses, with one of the runner-ups of the monthly innovation award: Text to Timestamp You could try that...
How do I get data from requested server page?
Great Mexican at a great price.
If you are going to use PHP (*nix/Windows) then you are looking for the PHP (Direct I/O) extension: From PHP manual: PHP supports the direct io functions as described in the Posix Standard (Section 6) for performing I/O functions at a lower level than the C-Language stream I/O functions (fopen(), fread(),..).
Mocha is a traditional mocking library very much in the JMock mould.
I actually find this aspect to be _better_ or even _much_ better than many celebrated big-city five-star properties.
You probably want to pad it with 0 bytes.
When communicating with TCP or UDP, the socket is distinguished by a 4-tuple: local address local port remote address remote port If you leave the local assignment alone, and you are communicating with a connected protocol, the call will find an available local port for you.
Between the 2 points the line is replaced with a repeating image.!
it is one of my favorite dining options in Bloomfield.\n\n\nGlossary:\n\nOma: German for grandmother\nNain: Welsh for grandmother\nStimmt: True.
But I must admit I haven't gone lately due to having to pay to park after 5pm.
It's really simple, as it turns out.
My next appointment is already scheduled.
You will have to your params before you pass them here: e.g.
Then an ORDERPAYMENT table with paymentid and Order id.
To add that personal touch, whenever I make an appointment, they ask me if I'd like the same groomer as last time.
\nI always order the famous gyro and fish platters...\n\nDefinitely would recommend!!!
I have text that I have measure to be 344px in width, and would like the rest of my texts to meet that boundary and/or not flow over it.
Remedied that on Wednesday morning and seriously had perhaps the best breakfast I've ever had.\n\nI got just the basics - scrambled eggs, sausage, home fries, biscuit and a buttermilk pancake on the side.
The waitress was top notch and the decor is one of the nicest ive observed..
Now the displayed value will be formatted via the binding handler when the value of the observable updates.
It is a very convenient service if you have a lot of errands to run and dont want to waste an afternoon at the laundramat.
He always comes back to me happy and healthy.
\n\nI would reccomend them for every bakery need you have!!!!
Manhattan distance is a popular choice: .
If it's in compatibility mode (eg "IE7 Standards"), then you can fix this by adding an meta tag to your section.
Let's say m is the max number of games per genre.
Everything looked appetizing.\n\nGreat spice and herb section, I bought some freshly ground ginger and some wonderful sweet and smoked paprikas.
The centerpieces at the reception were gorgeous.\n\nWe've also used them for several bouquets on other special occasions, and they always do a great job - we can just tell them what we'd like to spend and they make suggestions and deliver the flowers promptly and looking great.
\n\nThe prices seem reasonable and the selection is impressive!
On the other hand, wrapping in a struct requires knowing the maximum possible size of the array, and is decidedly wasteful of memory and execution time for large arrays (for example, loading a file into memory and passing the file contents around from function to function by copying).
using a : Your axml would then have to use bindings like: and One example of this approach is the Conference sample which uses However...
The following query (below) doesn't work because it (of course) only returns those history records where accepted date matches the query.
Explained history of the team and facility.
A global variable declared outside function cannot be accessed inside the function try declaring global iinside the function itself.
Chicken was grilled nicely before added to the noodles.
Be sure to check out their blog.
I made BF share with me :) The roasted potatoes with the green chutney were also heavenly.
I have been taking my car there since 2008.
The staff was nice and for being in a party of 14, the server handled us well.\n\nThe food was great!
The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days.
Does any of the popular nosql store's provide something similar?
generally spoken i would try to avoid switch case blocks, with view exceptions, since they are often a smell that inheritance, overloads, etc.
I want to check that either email address exist or not.
I could be wrong.\n\nSince I was unable to enjoy the wide selection of normal beer, I settled for the gluten-free Lakefront New Grist beer.
For the sake of clarity lets say that the IDs are 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12.
The dishes that featured Chicken was REAL chunks of Chicken, not 90% breading with a tad of Chicken.
Don't bother with splicing the array, just create a new one:
The new \""small plates\"" are a great addition to an already great menu selection.
They also have sushi, so if you want that make sure to ask for that menu too.
Please Jesus, tell me that doesn't mean I'm going to die from drinking the \""Hawaii + Love Bowl.\""
I'm on Max OS X 10.6
I lived in Raleigh for a number of years and fell in love with NC BBQ.
On weekdays it's actually a pretty nice place to hang out with friends.
I created a php page with my email coding which is executed from a form and submit button on an html page.
My guess is that you're experiencing a compiler bug.
It can replace four blank spaces at the beginning of a line with two blank spaces.
All that stuff is re-usable and should live in your tool box.
One solution would be to first convert the images to 3-dimensional using the function And now you can view as described above.
Their boiled red skin potatoes are another simple treat reminiscent of my Mom's Sunday dinners culled from her Germanic roots that often included new potatoes with vinegar, onions, and butter.
The attached command sink property sets the instance CommandSink property on all of the CommandSinkBinding objects contained within the CommandBindings property of the object with the attached property assignment.
The spring rolls are great as well as the fried crab stuffed wonton appetizer- my new favorite.
Best practice is a separate file for each View Controller or other major class.
There was honking, some road rage and confusion.
I just wanted to know about some invalid objects which are from Oracle ebs 12.1.3.
Luckily, neither of these turned out to be an issue.
That area was not in use and made the restaurant seem like a suboptimal arrangement/floorplan.\n-The restrooms are single person restrooms.
what about trying Assuming the role table had a corresponding model.
In the dock here there is: "On the client side, RequestFactory keeps track of objects that have been modified and sends only changes to the server, which results in very lightweight network payloads." In the same dock, in the chapter Entity Relationships, there is also this: "RequestFactory automatically sends the whole object graph in a single request." And I'm wondering how should I understand this.
Basically, this Target in Homestead will eventually look like the one in East Liberty.
I use JavaFX 2 and can't find any example or solution.
it's Target, but it's got pretty much everything you need short of a butcher shop and babysitters.
However, I'd suggest that this will (a) make your titles not look as nice (you'll lose smart quotes, nice dashes, etc.), and (b) not be very future-proof.
What can I do to mantain the lightbox effect?
Here we go stillers here we go!!!
Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.
This proved to be a very important WWII campaign which incorporated both amphibious and airborne operations.
We loved Tomeka at the front desk :)
The gardens are a delight also.
Haxe PHP vs PHP - what language is better for creating Plugins for WordPress?
The food tastes fantastic and it is very reasonable for the price.
It's a huge dynamic website and I do not want to make a separate website for mobile or change the or .
They always do a great job and the prices are very affordable.
The program should tell the user if the guess was hot (-/+ 5 units) or cold, but I never reach the else condition.
\n\nThe line can get long at this place for breakfast, but it moves pretty quick and it worth the wait IMO.
\n\n*although I would like to note that I only go there mid-day/ lunch time on weekdays.
My concern is: Is it possible to make a stick in html where user can press click and move to change the angle.
Gcdasynsocket did read data delegate dosent give correct tag value I am using gcdasynsocket to establish socket communication.
I'd say this joint lives up to all infamy and certainly delivers on multiple fronts.
Which rumor has it, you can buy.
PS can only show the date because as per PS documentation at MAN page 'Only the year will be displayed if the process was not started the same year ps was invoked, or "mmmdd" if it was not started the same day, or "HH:MM" otherwise.'
It really comes down to the fact that each cluster uses the points in its own cluster to determine where it should move to - if all the clusters find their way to the centre of their respective points, the algorithm will terminate, and there can be multiple ways this can happen.
So in short this file is the only file that will be updated when I push.
Have a look at the quota implementation; this is a mechanism (ok, presumably not available on vfat) which reads/writes files from the kernel.
\nThe food was great, the service was great, and the diner ambiance in this place is great!
Now I fully understand why this is happening.
He remembers my name and drink choices.
It works out dependencies and each of the script components are shown in a sort-of visual way (it's really a glorified owner-drawer listbox, I think).
It was our Spring event and we were here to listen to Jon Gordon speak about books he had written, and words of inspiration.
They basically allow you to load a tablature file, and then the software allows you to edit and play the tablature.
To save time, each office complex houses the usual fast food chains.\n\nI was told Chick-fil-A was one of the best fast food chains in the southeast.
The place was packed but we didn't have to wait.
It would be better if you sorted the objects you are populating richtextbox1 with instead of trying to split and parse the text of richtextbox1.
And when I did, I had to find him, being that he had changed offices (we covered that already, right?).
If you come here, I would highly recommend carpooling.
download file from absolute uri to stream to SaveFileDialog I've gotten as far as putting a file into a stream from a url.
I did look around it looked like they were doing some remodeling.
There are TV's everywhere, so you can basically stare blindly in any direction and appear less drunk.
For example after adding data my table is created.
The pop-up layout will stay the same.
The staff was friendly and helpful and the food came out pretty quickly.
If you are in North Carolina you need to visit this place :)
If you use this technique, it will consume high resource on the server and most of shared hosting doesnt permit it as it will make the instability on the server.
My code is as follows :- The issue is that in the last row (which contains the 'Who we are', 'What we do') the div's all appear out of line as can be seen here .
According to the documentation , expects a tuple , with the string being the ip address and the int being the port.
She got every ones order correctly entered and the kitchen rocked it out!
They're in a great location downtown, and I've never had trouble getting a seat at the bar.
Wait is a bit long at times, but overall a great place to eat if you want to stay close to campus.
You have to use a Graph operation: returns while returns
It is a little more complex when working with the database, however.
That said, the best selection of beer I've found in this city has been at D's.
Good selection of drinks and due to certain restricitions on my diet, i did not have any meat, but have before and the shredded beef, three glass chicken, ad
The pharmacy here is very busy, at times you will have to wait for your pickup.
While this is a very small data.frame, I'd suggest getting into the habit of operating on individual vectors wherever possible, and merging into a data.frame after you've finished iterating.
what's the authentication mechanism you are using (forms, windows auth, federated, etc.)?
Have heard that Cain's serves a mean breakfast.
Sample interface file: You'll need to work out the rest, but keep updating this page and I'll try to help out.
size: 8 capacity 8 - Average copies per element is (3 + 2 + 1 + 1 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0) / 8 = 7 / 8 = 0.875 size: 9 capacity 16 - Average copies per element is (4 + 3 + 2 + 2 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 0) / 9 = 15 / 9 = 1.67 ...
This is what the stripped down version of the file looks like: I'm starting to think the problem might be in some other file which are being loaded before this controller file.
There are four types of gyros to choose from: Lamb & beef, chicken, steak and vegetarian.\n\nThere are long lines at lunch time but, they move quick.
There are events like GotFocus and LostFocus for controls.
Now I need that slider in an other website of opencart.
Use the (note: keep the in mind if you really intend to redisplay them as input values) By the way, I'd work on your .
I 99% suspect Windows, since the PLC is designed for real time response, and Windows isn't.
Next, you can check if each value exists in your main dataset using a Lookup function like this: You can use this as a filter to just show the parameter values where this function doesn't return a value:
Darrell, if you run embedded there are no ports and no config files.
Rake stats not working I'm trying to fetch some information about my project with rake stats but I'm getting the following When I run the command bundle exec rake stats with --trace, I get the following: What can I do to solve this ?
Command failed due to signal: Segmentation fault: 11 due to TableViewController?
The new menus also are missing the side items for non breakfast foods.
The food is usually pretty good, and the mini stores are sprinkled throughout if you want to buy any shirts, hat, etc.
can accept dates which are actually text instead of Date/Time datatype.
Discalaimer: I used bzr on Ubuntu until 2012 when I worked on teams that used exclusively.
I had trade a bite of my lunch to get a bite of his and it was great, he teasingly \""swooned\"" over his meal.
It will then not be executed until the others are complete.
Basically, it needs to be fast-seeking and encoded at a high key frame interval.
It is by far the best Italian food I've ever had.
The staff is the friendliest, Michael is my favorite waiter..super funny!
I wear a 52 jacket so your box stores were out of the question as they only carry up to 48.
I immediately took a photo, intending to use this in case I were to be overcharged, even though the location doesn't open for business until 9am and wouldn't be able to rent the car out to anyone for another ~20 minutes anyway.\n\nI was back in Pittsburgh on October 9th and made it a special point to get back to the place so I could resolve the situation in person.
It's definitely strange when I say that we need to call our electrician, but that's exactly what we do from time to time, and when we do, we call Roby.\n\nI don't remember just when we started using them.
Connect the File system task to the loop.
Or will it run the method twice - a potentially costly operation?
Just wish they had a spicy variant of some of their items.
\n\nI'm already looking forward to my leftovers for lunch tomorrow ...
Very nice hotel in a great, convenient location.
\n\nI hope these tips encourage you to think about giving Klein's a try.
My husband had the Mediterranean omelet (can't remember what It's called).
Lovely atmosphere, and creative dishes, located in the lobby of the Marriott.
I've set normal input names ( and ) for debugging purposes.
Super nice staff and nostalgic feel made this a great treat after our mega jump!
So now that that is all out of the way, I'm a little lost on what to do?
Full of hops, that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction.
that the top row is 1-3, center 4-6 and bottom 7-9).
The foods are fresh and reflect a wide variety of Italian foods, not necessarily the same foods you would find at your corner Italian restaurant featuring spaghetti and lasagna.
Think , try your hand at collecting and interpreting data from wherever.
helper method will work if your javascript code is inside a razor view.
If you stay and eat your meal on the patio, there's access to free Wifi.\n\nIn the bulk foods aisle, you can bring your own container from home to fill up (if you don't want to waste a plastic bag).
The allows us to specify property - setting this to false allows us to override the cursor.
I really loved the atmosphere of this place.
Question : I install revolution slider extension in my opencart website.
They usually have a sufficient number of lanes open, and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District.
But you can also ask for a XML if you prefer.
See the Some sample code could be
i just do not understand where and how i need to change my objects?!
Good prices and a Pittsburgh Classic.
Our family of four went there for dinner this past Friday night.
Really good wings, delivered quickly, but a little over priced.
Let me elaborate a bit: if I input '3' and select 'days', the time in seconds is: 60 * 60 * 24 * 3 = 259200 seconds.
\n\nBe warned that your hair and clothes will wreak of the hibachi smell, so I wouldn't take a post-meal walk through the woods unless you like bears and wildcats.
Because so many of the review focused on the burgers, we were surprised to see they have lots of other menu items, including fish & ribs.
I want to make my current website responsive.
Its the perfect miniature dessert!\n\nFor my daughters wedding I ordered five dozen of these for the cookie table.
Rewrite history using git filter-branch to replace subtree merge by submodule.
Love their hummas just the right amount of lemon Olive oil and garlic!
PHP on IIS or Apache ( advantages and disadvantages) What are the advantages and disadvantages of running php on IIS?
They took it the same day and told me it would take half an hour.
There are a few ways that my partner and I dealt with it.
The cornbread was good, but not as sweet as I like.
There are plenty of shops and restaurants and I never had a problem with finding anything or getting to or on my plane.
Had California Benedict which was good not great- not best Hollandaise but wasn't expecting gourmet granted.
ie: you can add all -1 that you want.
At least for a first time to David's Jamaican.\n\nI was absolutely thrilled with everything that I tried.
Add Client Side Functionality By adding Javascript functionality, you could parse the list and for each file that is of interest to you insert a preview into the list.
It is almost part of a little motel, tucked away in the backside of some parking lot.
Waiters are generally really good, and their stripes card gets you free chips and salsa, as well as points for free food and desserts.
The service is awesome because I'm guessing you have to be pretty good to land a server position that might end up paying you 6 figures.
Ace's employees have been incredibly helpful and nice every time I've gone to the store.
So I can use any encoding for my regression regardless of the data type (categorical or ordinal)?
OpsHub-014371 Error (404)Not Found on User Mapping Page I am trying to migrate source code from TFS 2010 SP1 (local on prem) to TFS Online.
Those rules are pretty subtle, especially because English phrases in those languages are not uncommon.
IDebitAccountHandler will be implemented in Infrastructure layer with required dependencies as DebitAccountHandler.
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too.
Two problems here In your implementation of you're never checking if is an instance of will always be true, because inherits from To fix it:
But I sometimes get obscure errors (Na/NaN/Inf in foreign function call).
Chicken breast dishes give enough food to bring home another meal.
The log writes empty and since they can't be properly fetched from session.
I saw a tutorial about wherein a notification pop-up when an action( ) is performed inside the application.
Then you have to store it as an mp3.
I had ordered a breakfast burritto and a cup of lentil soup.
So far i found some group in google groups but i'm not sure how to connect that to my html page.
Then, I edited: and, added as admin user by executing the following in the ssh at the server : THINGS NOT WORKING: However, the admin console is unreachable (timeout).
The migration class: After running the migration command, I get the following error: As you can see, the SQL syntax to add the foreign key constraint is missing the 'id' column name for the referenced table.
The White chocolate macadamia nut latte was awesome!
Wali is a master tailor and does fantastic work altering jackets, pants ...
How to style a WordPress widget area?
We normally share the wraps and an order of the Pad Thai.
I've tried most of the apps, soups, and quite a few of their entr\u00e9es and have never been disappointed.\n\nI've only had one negative experience at this location in the countless times that I've gone, and it revolved around service in the main dining area.
Another option, that might be more flexible for future needs, is to use .
A few days later when I came in for my appt I was amazed.
Usually, storing datasets retrieved from the database in ViewState really hurts performance.
The following gets parents that are equivalent: We can now get what you want using this If you want a new id instead of the old one, use: in the .
the "second" single click events ( ACTION_DOWN + ACTION_UP ) gets detected as DoubleTapEvent ..
I\""ve eaten a taco standing up because there's no tables.
Come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or Saturday/Sunday brunch.
In the 90's, you could always count on getting the BEST ribs around, EVERY time.
Let me know if this works for you!
Thanksgiving day dinner plate was pretty good.
I want to register email in application from the form.
First and foremost, I eat beef about once a month if that--so I hope I can critique this place fairly!
It probably has to do with page lifecycle as base page's controls are not instansiated at that point yet.
The request/response model is also inspired by Prototype.js' Ajax.Request.
In your case, you're doing this: So you have something like this at (2) : and then something is happening in (3) which effectively does (i.e.
Pasta dishes never impress me the way other dishes do, but teh three offered this night were on the lighter side and a nice variety.\n\nOh why lie, they each had three servings and I was eating off their plates.
I wrote code like this: when i print results variable, result is only ?
It sounds like you're building a web app, so yes, you would typically store this in the user's session or perhaps associated with the user in a database, if you have such a thing.
By the way, try to make an to the libraries.
First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner.
I hate to throw away all the work I have done up to this point but it's more important for me to do it right rather than fuss over time spent.
I like the atmosphere, the location, and the bartendering service!
The package does not reside in my user schema, but I do have execute privileges on it.
(Which, coincidentally is how my editor, emacs, handles this automatically.)
They're super helpful with my weird requests to find the perfect cheeses for every occasion.
Try this SQL: Hope it will help
I don't expect a whole lot from a Asian take out place.
After trying the sauce covered rice my girlfriend and I both readily agreed with him.
If you want to speed things up, you need to make the images smaller before they leave the server.
I also loved my husband's wild boar ravioli.
There were around 60 different bumper stickers to chooses from.
We highly suggest that if you like ginger dressing, get this for your house as I have tried several different bottled brands in the grocery store and none have that distinct quality that is found in a ginger dressing from a hibachi place.Our total bill with tax was $66, but we really did get a lot of food.
The lobby area is inviting and fun place to work and have a drink after a long day!
You want that loop we mentioned above to print the same number ( , , , ...
Add a check if there's already a video playing, if yes remove it.
As I sat there eating this deliciousness, I had to stare at the lunch special menu board and there was not one thing on it I wouldn't have ordered.
We have taken several friends here for dinner and always have a great time.
A series of appetizers and great company made it a great night.
They have so many oldies but goodies!
Perhaps this is something you are looking for: Result:
I installed JRE version 6 on my machine and this cleared the problem.
I was a little upset that they didn't have Hoegardeen but I decided to get to Nodoijto Beer (I think that's how it is spelled).
Each experience I've had at Lidia's was positive.
The topping list is unfortunately very limited.
It's casual, reasonably priced, offers good food, and the service is very quick.
So, when you send your parameters into your D class, it is sending your code to your M class, it is executing it which gives you "DVD" on your screen and then it is changing the value of n.
Best Cajun place outside of New Orleans, by far.
A lot of places' fish sandwiches are extremely bland and dry, making the tartar sauce necessary just to swallow it down, but the OOH's sandwich needs no such crutch.
\n\nThis month's featured beer is Red Stripe--get five bottles for $15.
The only drawback to that I can think of is that the prices are a bit high, compared to other Thai restaurants.
The javascript calls the function in album.php and the funtion return the s3demo.php.
Bartender very attentive and awesome!\n\nService - as mentioned, the bartender was attentive and I would def come back with my girls/guys for some fun drinks.
they have a large selection of room-temp, cold, domestic, craft, import, normal-size, giant bottles that you can make your own 6 pack with.
When I first moved here in 1995 this and Ri Ra was the only 2 places downtown.
A pixel-by-pixel comparison can be expensive for anything but small images.
I dug through a box of jeans to find them and can't remember how much I paid, but I am sure it was less than what I could get them for at Goodwill (less than $7).
EDIT 2: In regard to your comment about the page being refreshed, submitting the form causes the page to be POSTed.
I have been to this TGIF at least 10 times with my wife, and I will be coming back.
Good service, quality food and robust drink/wine menu.
Both of these are easy to compute without running into underflow hell---and you might not even care about the first.
Therefore all your work happens on the copy and is discarded after the loop completes.
The error codes are as below.
You can keep the uur and minuut values in a variable.Then get it formulated.
Should I call File.Exists before calling File.Delete?
Thanks a lot for your responses.
It had a homey feeling .....\nMy boyfriend had some scallops that he is still talking about.
\n\nThe pastas were right out of the kitchen - the farfalle with fennel, caramelized onions, sausage, and some tomatoes, was fantastic.
I want to edit from a modal within that modal window, confirm the data was submitted successfully on close, refresh the crud.
Here is my code: Nothing happens at all, and yet, when I look at the details I can see the function attached to the TH element.
As each site collections have distinct users and groups, it can avoid cross customer data leaking (due to misconfiguration of authorizations).
I am new at this, so I am a bit confused about what is the difference between creating services in http and Do we need to take care of creating services.
I just want to start by saying that these 4 stars are alot deserved mostly due to that amazing complimentary cheese bread and bacon butter.
Overall this was good Italian food if you're ready to venture into something more asventerous than Olive Garden.
They give the impression that the airport is glad to have you there rather than it being inconvenienced by your presence.
The line in your gunicorn configuration file does appear to be the central problem.
The Wi Fi is free and there is plenty to do that will keep you entertained for hours, including legitimate shopping (Brooks Brothers, etc), book stores, great restaurants and like I said, a nail salon!
There are no technical issues making it harder to add to C++ than to C, but the benefits are less.
Your program does have a visible error, precisely where it's failing: is a reference to an instance of .
For example, coveralls.io provides test coverage.
The places[0].polygon is what you need.
This error didn't happen with 4.2.0 (see ).
Now anytime I need to clear session after an action in order to expire pages, I juste call and in the next request the session is cleared.
invalid application of 'sizeof' to incomplete type 'struct array[]' I am trying to organize my project by splitting commands up into separate files for easier maintenance.
\n\nAnyway, outside the station was a bit sketchy but when I walked in it was clean and like other reviews have said \""old and historic\"" Lots of wooden benches, a couple vending machines and the bathroom but hey what more could you ask for while you wait.
The staff is attentive and informative without being overbearing; the wine list is extensive, and the well drinks are stiff...
Even then I would suggest re-designing the workflow.
The omelet was very fresh, just the right amount of spicy, and came with a warm salsa and sour cream.
The only thing I'd say is that there isn't a whole lot of variety on toppings for a sandwich or burger, usually just lettuce and tomato.
The wait staff is a bit iffy sometimes, but the food has always been consistent.
I accidentally introduced a bug into this code, and only found it through a painstaking search when my the results of my entire program got slightly worse.
It was served on what tasted like fresh tomatoes over the pasta.
My office is about 2 blocks away from the SSD and has been for about 5 years.
This won't impact your production environment (the heroku toolbelt isn't available within dynos).
I really enjoyed riding the bus downtown to the Convention Center everyday, and the venue is really beautiful.
For example, for song1.avi the output of the command will be song1.avi.mp3.
I tried the documented method of () on the in the main windowed application, but somehow during memory profiling I could see the instances of those applications were maintained in the memory even after explicitly running garbage collection.
We've got this working to the point that the system sends the *.ics, and using Gmail and Outlook, the user can accept the appointment which, is then added to their calendar.
Italian dinners, American, endless soup and salad bar is great.
Don't get me wrong, this is clearly their regional interpretation, Im all about the authentic experience, and this was good sauce.
What I would like is for the Parent component to intercept the props.parentClassName set in GrandParent and change it, or create it if it doesn't exist.
And let me tell you, it tasted great.
I was sad when I found out there was no cornbread.\n\nBut then I was happy again the moment I was able to put that delicious pig in my mouth.
Biscuit.\n\nThere have been nights where I go into Merry Ann's and that's all I'd say.
Same repairs at REI or Dick's would have been two to three times as much.
Receiver has been added to manifest.
Does a HTTP resource that accepts range requests always specify content-length?
I can't believe I never knew about this place!
It seems I can connect to the cell network while leaving the APN field blank.
I had a turkey sausage, egg and cheese sandwich and loved it.
She is on the quieter side, but not unfriendly.
The methods are defined in the HTTP standard and are verbs, like get, post, put, etc...
The Java final keyword is used in the Java programming language under different conditions and has different implications.
The quality and taste of most of the hot foods/prepared foods bar is unbeatable.
My interface has getters and setters.
Definitely has grandma's kitchen feel to it!!
Free wifi, gotta love small airports.
He definitely made sure we didn't have any questions.
Great food, but still miss the German restaurant in hickory.
Any help would be much appreciated :-)
I also want the transition from changing each DIV to 'if possible' be a fade transition.
I could definitely see myself here years from now shaking my head disapprovingly at the rowdy young'un's over my newspaper (aka some form of electronic tablet at that point).\n\nMonty's serves up some classic breakfast items, including the standard buttermilk pancakes, bottomless coffee (sorry millenniums, no mimosas here) and various omelets.\n\nThe servers here are extremely down to earth and friendly, and their chefs cook a mean meatloaf (highly recommended).
So the question is: How do I have to change the code in the WebsiteKernel (= AppKernel) to use ?
There are four sections to the buffet which by far is the greatest value.
Basil Thai is good for exactly what it is--convenient, cheap, dependable Thai food on campus, served hot and promptly.
What if I have a duplicate album name.
Highly recommend the tuna tuna tuna.
You could use but if you do you can't check return values (use or for that).
Other than it being crowded there was not much else in the dining room to look, just some table and chairs as well as some pictures on the walls.\n\nFor dinner my girlfriend and I decided to start of the evening with the polenta to share.
Warning: SoapClient::SoapClient( failed to open stream: HTTP request failed!
There are loads of scripts you could use, here's a link to one that you might want to try: However, I feel I should add one further point which others have missed, and which is actually quite important: You're using the wrong attribute.
Salmon burger, french fries, apple crisps, regular burgers, and the list goes on!
Not sure what you mean by "registered in any project", but here's a starting point: You can obtain a list of all .h and .cpp files by doing (recursive) directory listings from the root directory.
For drinks, I had the Jameson Rose (which was a vibrant pink...
For example, you could do something like ...
I looked up intent filters and found that they will be used when "Android finds the appropriate component to start by comparing the contents of the intent to the intent filters declared in the manifest file of other apps on the device"( In my manifest file, I have which from reading that guide means that this activity can handle an implicit intent with action of main and category of launcher.
It makes the rooms incredibly affordable!\n\nThey have a decent continental breakfast.
So I always try something different and I've liked every one of the drinks I've had.
If you used the Applescript Editor to write your script and save it as an application your bundle won't have an identifier but you can add one.
We can subset its rows like , unlike a data.frame which requires an additional comma .
Mmm table bread, Mountain Dew, & Caesar Salads!!
You can easily invoke log4j's API programmatically, e.g.
You find your good old, Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Peanut Butter Fudge..
My color and brand variables are int, and I made methods to retrieve their String counterparts in a table in my class.
It's not required that attachments include a filename; perhaps Outlook isn't setting a filename for a .msg attachment.
Thanks to John Mark Mitchell who so kindly offer so many possible solutions.
Our room had everything we needed soft towels, clean bathroom, nice kitchen.
HashSet of Strings taking up too much memory, suggestions...?
I also really like their corned beef hash.
The bartenders at the restaurant/bar were also very nice.
(make all CSS inline) The reason for this is because i need to call to grab a div and send to server to be made into a PDF.
Accessing matrices stored inside of cell arrays using MEX files in MATLAB I am currently writing a MEX function that will have to work with a cell array in MATLAB.
They also deliver (\""room service\"") to the two hotels right there, Spring Hill Suites and Residence Inn.
Thats right, I said it, I LIKE TACO BELL!!\nPlus most locations I have been in are clean and the counter service is friendly.\nI don't eat here once a week or even once a month, but when the craving does hit, I'm thinking outside the box and making a run for the border!
I came to the Homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.\n\nNow, Rockbottom is a chain brewery, so a lot was the same...
Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood.
They were great , succulent and tasty.\nThey were also very meaty I had trouble finishing the whole rack !
This is the normal behavior: You want to change this behavior, which means that you have to create a matrix in which you change the order rows and columns are filled: As you can see, there is no iText code involved.
It gets very crowded on Saturdays, but I always try to stop in for a double espresso.
It is a little bit of a pain to set this up if you have several applications/or lots of views, but I think that it should work.
I ended up havinmg to include jquery whic the links from the error told me to do this.
\n\nThe menu is specific and gets right to the point.
It was more expensive than other Indian places I've been to, but it was good!
Use Storage to take all files from extracted archive: Afterthis upload to S3, like this Sorry for code i wite to hand :)
Beside the Westin this hotel has all the happenings.
We sat right by the door and right under the old dresser that the owners stand at.
The most interesting file (for you) that will be downloaded is , this file has 1000 lines, one line per class identified by the net.
Aggregate intraday data As from my previous question, I have this query to perform data aggregation from intraday to daily data but this return less then 100 daily aggregated rows since it use calendar days.
The giant rotunda is just magical and the grand hall is beautiful.
When you click on the selection list to see the other options, the other options shall keep their original color.
The error is generated by this line Any help would be greatly appreciated thanks!
I find myself wondering the racks here at least two times a week.
So they have your typical dinner fare, breakfast items, sandwichs CHICKEN TENDERS.
The car wash is automated as well and hand dried.
The operator will work for enums (because it also works on all integer types, which the enums are based on).
One from the East and One from the West.
The hotel is kept clean and the room rates were very good.
Now i am trying the error i get is class 'mysql.connector.errors.InterfaceError'> Failed executing the operation; an integer is required because of presence of auto increment id i tried appending as suggested by some posts,but the result was same.tmp.txt is in the same location as the script.This response is being sent by mysql server.
Details: Using local storage in modern browsers is ridiculously easy.
Mvc 3 Razor : Using Sections for Partial View?
It's picturesque, interesting and, of course, quite quiet!
A DFT is the executable that will allow row by row manipulation of the data.
Note that will need to have a notion of .
It's everything you want cornbread to be: warm, caky, sweet, and last but not least de-freakin-licous!
\n\nI first started coming here in '06 when I started school at UNCC.
One was good enough for me...two might be pushing it.
We all got breakfast specials ($6.75 for 2 eggs any style, 2 hotcakes and ham or sausage or bacon) and were allowed to substitute home fries or toast for the meat options.
2.This time an INT when asking the user for a random 4 digit number: I only want to allow (for example) 4 digit numbers, and again if he inputs for example I want to be able to write an error explaining he must only enter a 4 digit number, and loop it back until he gets it right.
Eggs were standard fair, but overeasy is often executed poorly...
I did my research before joining.
Excellent casual business lunches - salads, sandwiches - always freshly prepared and consistent quality.
\n\nThe one or two things I didn't like about the place.
Went here during speed street for a drink with some friends so it was likely not a typical night, but we had a great time.
She put down a note on different hi-index lenses and pointed out how much each costs to me, and how they would be able to handle my frame (I am making lenses with Google Glass prescription frame, few Eye Care knows about this in the Champaign-Urbana area).
Lunch was a Carolina Crab Cake Salad which was fabulous.
No problem with parking and the mall isn't overcrowded at all.
\n\nA few things though - price is definitely even more steep than Capristo.
This could be from a bug where the wifi buffers were being set too small in some cases (
How to use a single to make a line break between the two?
If so, can you explain how this works?
I'm trying to figure out if I can use alpaca.js without the rendering step but still get the full power of the schema and validation capabilities.
Well, we all have to eat somewhere, why not Monty's?
What are the implications of returning std::vector by-value?
IMHO, single producer accessed by multi threads with lock won't resolve your problem, because it simply shift the locking from the disruptor side to your own program.
When you update the div, for instance: ...the next line of code doesn't run until the div has been updated.
For the second regex, you essentially want "everything after (and including) the first letter".
Now, I need to work on a different branch.
If no element fits, or the expression is not valid, then the response will be 'false'.
\nI love everything about WF and it is my go-to grocery store.
a)Use a DataReader object to retrieve the data for the DataGrid.
This is very useful for numerous applications; I myself use it all of the time in MCU development.
Since was a deep copy, it copied the list as well as its nested lists, so we can modify it and its elements at will without worry about messing up the other copies.
You should NOT be using .
I need to change it's class from to depending on if the background is a dark one or a light one.
You should try giving each textarea, comments anchor tag a unique id.
If you know the real deal, you don't patronize a crappy representation!\nI especially love the rice and beans, the cheeses (and the generous amount of cheeses!!!) and the beer.
I love old navy clothing, it's vintage styling with good prices.
A basic code example could be: All your PHP file have to do is the (or text) back that you want to show in your DIV after the form has been submitted.
Now I have 8 jpg with my interest object and 249 background images (I know that it's a poor dataset but it's only an attempt).
I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.
Worth a try and I will return when in the area.
For my entree, I had the fusilli ala ragu di bracioli.
Something like this (I didn't test this, I may be missing something):
What files are you loading, into streams or any other way?
However, you could put a around the table and change it's and .
They do not take credit cards, but they let you know that up front so you can be prepared to pay your part when you pick up your car.
I had the wedding soup which was excellent.
For such a delicious dirty martini, though, full price was ok- occasionally.
There were not weights though and the pool is too small for laps but there is an aquatic center just a few blocks away with both ($8 a visit for non-residents).
Best pizza in the North Boros.
Where else but Uptown could you get huge homemade biscotti for $2 and Hungarian-language lessons for free?
Other than that, I'll be back!
Another approach would be to do this in your PHP script itself.
If your intention is to automate the actions for testing of your web from an Android app, try calabash-android , it's like Selenium for Android.
I was glad I chose this establishment.
\n\nThe restaurant is pricey, but if you love sushi you have to go.
I'd used National in Charlotte a couple times before and they were excellent.
This will update the UI, but remember to remove that row from your data source as well.
Instead it requires running another program: the Java runtime environment.
They did a wonderful job with everything.
Authentic New Orleans flavor and great family atmosphere.
Can i somehow invoke a method to validate the annotations in the viewModel?
However, I understand that it takes money and such to build a big airport instead of a small airport to become technology friendly through the building and inputting of charging stations and more outlets to deal with the amount of charging of phones and such people would need to do in-between flights.
(That's also the idea behind Google soy templates--java and js implementations.)
So there is no need to query other documents because each user object contains required information in the sense that he contains the sent invitations , received invitations , accepted invitations.
When I change the name of the original framework so it would appear that it's not there, the app crashes and says that it doesn't find the needed framework.
I'll be back.\n\nCons\n-One bone to pick with the beet salad, not enough beets and too much goat cheese - more of a goat cheese dip with beets.
They offered their services, but once I said no, that was the end of it.
I've traveled to India many times and make it a point to go to Indian restaurants when I travel to other cities in the US, so I've developed a bit of a taste for Indian food.
Unable to fully change Eclipse ADT theme color scheme I am trying to change my ADT (Eclipse) IDE color scheme to a dark one.
I've tried dia2dump and dumpbin, but with no joy...
I was able to post up in a chair, with my beer and mobile-device on the ledge and take in the show in comfort.
The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars was because the servers were a bit slow in providing basics like water and silverware in the beginning of the meal.
I got so excited about it I craved it for a whole week.\n\nIts such a nice change to a greasy fried breakfast.
5 stars here for the perfectly chilled raspberries, blackberries and strawberries and a just sweet enough creme to dip them in.\n\nService was friendly, professional and not too stuffy the way it can feel at some other high end steakhouses in town.
You can change it with the forcedpos.tagSeparator property.
The hot and sour soup looked different than any other I have eaten, but it was still good and plenty hot.
The instructor took my info on what appeared to be scratch paper and said he would pass along my info.
Best spicy tuna that I've ever had.......because it's actually spicy and without the spicy (American) mayo.
Breakfast was the best I think, I had eggs, bacon, sausage and grits.
If you are looking for a gallery application I recommend the open source project ' Gallery2 '.
If your compiler doesn't support lambdas yet then you could do it like this with no C++0x features and no macroes: doTrace would return a temporary object with a virtual operator&lt;&lt;.
I had french toast and bacon.
Shuttle service (complimentary) can take you anywhere in the city (but not the airport).
You can afterwards, extend «MY_Model», instead of «CI_Model».
This place is actually pretty neat.
Forget rainbow garden - come here for real Chinese food.
Just pass in the function you want to be unique.
If I'm not misunderstanding your question, this will work: Unless of course you meant you want zero rather than blank or null in which case this is what you want:
The lady who ran this did a wonderful job of keeping things stocked and clean.
It can get loud, and doesn't lend itself to a romantic evening.
Sorry 'bout that...\n\nAlso, I almost forgot, they just expanded their patio and it's awesome!!
Here is my controller to make an appointment: and here is my view with the datepicker
This was \""delisious-boy!\"" \n\nI ordered the freshly squeezed orange juice with a Spanish omelette which also came with 3 pancakes.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before.
If you prefer to do a positive match, using anchors as other answers have suggested, you can shorten your regexp by using :
But there were a few things regarding my experience at this location that I feel are worth sharing.
It was so buttery and fantastic!
In Netbeans 7.2 it is in Tools-Options-Editor-Formatting-Line Wrap (default off).
I believe that this limitation has been raised to the AWS Engineering team previously, as it is a nuisance.
The code with completion block should like this: When you call the func:
Both lists have set to , but only the second one has additional .
I was in and out in about 35 minutes, but didn't feel rushed.
--------------------------- EDIT ------------------------------------ where as i assign the list to a Combobox, it will appears in the wrong order but it will be fixed when i set the DisplayMember of the Combobox.
The few times I've gotten the fish it has been overcooked, so I generally stick to the land-animal entrees.
It returns a value indicating the compression type: 1: no compression 2: CCITT Group 3 3: Facsimile-compatible CCITT Group 3 4: CCITT Group 4 (T.6) 5: LZW
For lua executing I write this: And the lua script: That didn't work and I've got error message: But when I add at the end of the lua script it works nice.
Need to get to Mass on a holy day of obligation?
Tweaking my process_custom_post() function to reflect this, I ended up with: and viola!
and I'm running on a Motorola Xoom.
I was the only nonwhite person in the restaurant and I hope that's not the reason why.
Had a friend in from Delaware and he actually suggested we go after seeing it featured on the food network.
Do all of the call stacks necessary for an application (if this is even possible to know) get allocated when the application gets launched?
Below is the code sample for the minimal client that i am using.
This is a review for Holiday Inn Express- Greentree (April 7th).\n\nIt's the remodeled Best Western Inn.
can be used to pull out attributes of objects that you may want to key a sort by.
Great deals on shoes makes me a happy girl!\n\nAll in all, this is a great location, and one that I frequent at least a few times per month.
Maybe you'll see an old liniment bottle from back when Klavon's was a drugstore.
\n\nHaving recently visited the strip district location.
This is my go-to library, because it's closest to home.
\n\nThe best \""chinese\"" food I've had in Charlotte thus far...\n\ndmo out
I was able to sync buckets by running: myprofile contents: I have also set policies both on origin and destination.
You can also edit your VerifyCsrfToken.php middleware file to exclude certain URLs like this way:
Note that determining the first moment of a day in java.time requires an extra step when compared to Joda-Time: We must go through the class to call its method.
I've solved the problem setting a ScrollView as parent layout.
I was getting pretty full at this point, but the congee was good enough to keep me going...
I decided to use minimax to achieve this goal.
They give you every confidence you need to be able to make the decision and get the best treatment and care during and after.
Although our second time, the server was slow and did not communicate well.
Whether you get a refreshing fruit crepe, or a delicious dinner crepe, either way, you receive a fantastically crafted meal.
The closeness of the tables to each other is a bit bothersome to me though.
I'm more used to walk-in barber shops, but since this is the only \""real\"" barber shop in the area, I'll cope.\n\nThe haircuts I've had so far have been stellar.
\nFirst things first: kudzu butter, y'all.
How can it affect the training
The food is really cheap too.
Definitely something to share because of the richness, I was only able to eat a few bites.
And If Yes then how to integrate it in my Magento Project Please Help......
How can I wait for an application launched by another application launched by my application Qt/C++ I'm creating a Windows Add/Remove Programs application in Qt 5.4 and I'm becaming crazy to solve a little "puzzle": My application (APP_0) runs another application (APP_1) and waits for this APP_1 until it terminates.
Do I need a particular type of Paypal button to initiate an IPN?
Finally went to Deli Roma yesterday and so glad i did.
Are there any use cases where one rule makes more sense then the other?
The best I could come up with is: This worked sometimes, but failed when one of the coordinates for the point was 0 for obvious reasons.
If you want to support or older releases of bash, consider instead, or just remove this line if the output of is always lowercase anyhow.
Check out this link to understand the concept of layers and zones.
View XML data as a table Is there a way I can use Visual Studio to view my XML data in a tabular structure by applying the appropriate XSD to it?
Overall it was nice except everyone had to exit the water not once but TWICE.
If you are in an HTML mode, as the poster is, there is little harm by a bit of extra white spacing...
Note: If you change the if statement to [i][j]==99 You can see the "Class" being printed on the table, however it fills up the entire array slot, which confirms my thought that I messed up on trying to replace data in the array.
I don't know if this is still available, I lost track of it when I left BEA.
I just need to know there is a swipe.
\n\nFirst the Food options are not bad.
No longer do you have to venture downtown to get said sandwich.
The food is just right and always served fresh and hot.
Centralized systems are somewhat easier to grasp initially and might be a better choice for less experienced developers.
Do do interesting machine learning you only need a computer and a problem to solve.
And all things considered, husband and I thought the bill at the end of the night was ridiculously reasonable.
There is an error messages about not being able to connect to DDMS, but after dismissing it, it stops competing with the other Eclipse.
In another column I want to have an aging formula.
How do i open a ,exe on chrome box How do I open a .exe on chrome box?
Then paste to your favorite text editor.
If you are planning on parking at the airport, leave plenty of time to actually get to the airport because the shuttle service is quite inefficient.\nBut for those making connections through CLT, enjoy your short stay :)
\n\nFriendly service and sweet potato tater tots, what more can you ask for?
It is fine for me because I don't like being sandwiched at the bar with other people's conversations in my face.
combining python lists in savetxt I have 2 python lists that I want to save side by side using np.savetxt().
Can you please help me find the correct way to define this range?
funABC(); }); funABC(); }); One more shortcut :
This is my favorite movie theater in the South Hills area.
I speak from experience when I say you can keep an almost-two year old happy for AS LONG AS YOU WANT here.
Custom keys with NERDComment plugin and remapped Leader?
The technical difference is the presence of and accessors.
Read carefully mknod(2) man page (e.g.
Now I'm in need of recording user's review for a product and send it over through an API.
Gyros, tzatziki, fries, and friendly cooks and cashiers make this place a must-go.
There were a total of 4 comedians, the MC, and two opening acts for Crawford.
and the parsing you are doing is not valid too here is a good link to start off with android json parsing
Housekeeping staff found it and front staff person (Elizabeth G) mailed it to me.
In my case I comment out or deleted the following line under onServiceDiscover method.
This is a hole in the wall in a seedy neighborhood but I just can't get enough.\n\nThe Chinese food is some of the best I've had.
Awesome biscuits n honey butter too.
Good drinks, great lunch specials and awesome service!
The docs on the repo were updated three days ago, changing the reference from 'socket.io' to 'socket.io-node', so it appears things are in flux.
Because of the red "X" problem you are having, it's possible the graphic is not in the correct format, so it may help to post some of that code for further assistance.
But after the first experience, I would never go anywhere else.
For that reason alone I give it 4 stars.\n\nTake a look at the options while in Middleton, there isn't much.
To what extent should we encapsulate our methods and classes?
The website I am working with does calculations on user input to that of data in the database...
How to add view on imageView?
I guess you'll have to change them manually.
This is very similar to the approach taken in Microsoft code - e.g.
The rooms are very spacious and have a refrigerator and microwave.
jTables Filtering for PHP jTable (www.jtable.org) has great references to Filtering on its website, but its for ASP.NET.
the wings suck, but they basically always do in the Midwest (sorry, these are facts, just sayin').
With the dot, the "localhost" check in the domain name fails.
My friends and I were discussing card/spiritual readers that we had been to in the past and this place came up.
I was at table 26 and there were about 8 people per table, if that gives you any indication.
Especially if the user tries to interrupt it (most I have set to non-cancelable, however).
PHP has a great function called that will check if a variable is only A-Za-z.
To feed jobs to your threads, you'll need a list of pending work units that can be accessed in a thread safe manner.
I wouldn't trek all the way from CMU to have sushi there since sushi can be more easily had, but definitely for the Korean food.
pandas dataframe look ahead optimization What's the best way to do this with pandas dataframe?
But what sold me was the Silky's had that homey feel to it.
So I liked that too.\n\nTo recap - I'm giving them 5 stars...so Mimosa Grill please don't let me down next time I visit you.
\n\nThe bar staff was helpful and generous with samples from their 8ish original beers.
Ie if objects can have metadata of KeyOne, KeyTwo and KeyThree, I want to be able to say "Bring me back all objects where KeyOne contains "abc" and KeyThree contains "de" This is my C# query and this is my request class And lastly my Metadata POCO The error I get is Error was Unable to create a constant value of type 'System.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePair`2[[System.String, mscorlib, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089],[System.String, mscorlib, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089]]'.
You are doing this: which gives your a size of .
In addition, there's a $5 charge for splitting an entree.
and were surrounded by warm refried-beans and yellow rice - cooked to perfection.
There's often bands on the weekends, and the occasional lesbian after bowling league get together, but not angry, man-hating, shemales.
In the XAML you're setting the property to the default value which will not cause the handler to fire.
I use to frequent this restaurant almost weekly before relocating to Arizona.
Both their chicken and original (I believe it is a mix between beef and lamb) gyros are mouth-watering.
They're thinner and crispier than your average pancake and a little too salty but still good.
\n\nI've been to a lot of diners.
It was usually read in 10 minutes or less.
The error line is the last line of your : It should be:
Really flavorful with a great balance of ingredients.
But I still like Paschal's fried chicken better.
I thought it was a great value with some quality beers.
\n\nIt isn't 5 stars for it's glitz and glamour, however the rooms are clean and I cannot stress how tremendously friendly the staff is.
But if you're going to drink coffee, drink coffee, not the flavored foo-foo stuff.\n\nMy first visit here was before Yelp was just a glint in it's founder's father's eye.
\n\nBonus it's all set up like a movie theater and is accompanied by a concession stand that serves ICEEs.
It was very reasonable.\n\nNo matter where you live in the city, I highly recommend Dr.
I will say that the cigar selection is a little disappointing but they don't mind if you bring your own.
I'm trying to use AFNetworking with cocoapod but I get the AF_APP_EXTENSIONS error while compiling.
The measure of the point, as approaches is therefore .
If he wants Pdf OR Word the methodcall should look the same (because word is new and the program was just for pdf before).
But now I want a thread that will process data, and anytime it will send data to each client.
I know salons can make a great profit off of product from the show Tabitha's Salon but this can ruin your experience at MCN after an awesome haircut/color treatment.
Our table was waiting for us upon arrival and we were ushered to our seats in no time.
Put the following code somewhere appropriate like Form_Load.
im using a media query for and have put the css rule for an element as then BENEATH this i have another media query targeting max width of 800px and in that i have the same element set to However when i change the screen size to the smaller 768 and check with firebug the rule of is crossed out and the is being followed.
When merging an audio and video with ffmpeg, the quality of the resultant video goes down.
We were in and out in a matter of two hours, counting the wait time for his new glasses to be made.
They aren't tests that check user input.
Their ingredient list and nutrition information is readily available on their website, along with a schedule of days when certain bread is produced.
So question is how to change the speed.
This place is great for some affordable, delicious Lebanese food, and some of the best donuts in town.
The bread is a waste of carbohydrates, so ask them to skip that.
Consideration: The thread pool have 0 idle threads after the timeout has expired, which means that there will be some latency before the threads are created (normally, you would always have threads available).
I tried a few including the sparkling pomegranate and tiramisu - both really good.
Everyone has different tastes and stipulations when it comes to their favorite pie, which makes me wonder: Is there really a \""best pizza\"" out there?
The bar staff was pleasant, welcoming, and quite efficient.
The end of each file should have the next available "string", so the 1001st line will be the first available after line 1000.
Cash only and bring change for the parking meters.
My Hot Dog was good, but like many establishments these days the service was sub par.
splitting string into integer and string C++ As a part of my project, I am expected to receive input in the following format.
There is no Children property on Parent, there is a Child property.
\n\nI had the best date night ever coming here.
Edward and his team of servers are remarkable !
I want to be able to write So I need a way of telling LINQ to SQL to map the CustomerId in the Activity object to the correct Customer object.
We never get to the dessert.
We shared a piece of German Chocolate Cake for dessert.
I doubt there is any good way to see if an application references the visual c++ redist, but if there is let me know.
As a result, all your variables are static (local to this module) - you cannot share them without using pointers and atomic operations.
The club house is spacious and open and the food is pretty tasty.
If you only want to see data changes, you can add filters to only show Insert, Update and Delete statements.
Is this correct way of adding PATH to env setup
\n\nI shop at the Macaroni Company weekly.
\n\nIt's not going to look like much when you walk in, but stick around and order everything--you won't regret it!
The null in most programming languages is considered "known", while NULL in SQL is considered "unknown".
I've had it several times and it's always been moist and an explosion of nutty goodness with every bite.
Also, #one should be position: absolute.
Ok, initial thoughts were replaced by the smelly good aroma floating out the door and straight up my nostrils to smack my brain.
The only thing slightly amiss with it was that when she first started sipping it, the ice cream shifted, causing the soda to fizz up and overflow the mug.
What i want to do is a program (maybe a service?
While not available for sale, the wine tasting was a delightful way to warm up from the particularly vicious cold and mingle with other customers.
Any sample code and tutorial is well cone.
I also can't figure out how using Tor will help make my fetches anonymous.
The service and food were excellent.
(If this is in a web application, it's even more important that you create a new database connection each time...
Option 2, as you implement it, should not be used.
The office is clean and up-to-date.
So in general should not be used in the most of situations.
b for binary ) or use a .NET BCL function like File.ReadAllText which you can check from C# as well.
Ok, you have some serious issues here.
Oh yea I'm a fan for sho!!
Here is my code and it works when I hard code it into the URL (localhost:3000/notId) but I need a way to route it through a link.
Chrome (or any other browser) doesn't support HTAs at all.
It is a little pricey, but for good, Italian like your Mamma makes, it's worth it.
As the other reviews stated, the bread basket was amazing.
I actually had to learn how to make my own because I had to cut corners on my budget at one time!
Here is what Bloch has to say on the tradeoff between the public and private variable approaches: "One advantage of the factory-method approach is that it gives you the flexibility to change your mind about whether the class should be a singleton without changing its API.
Wide walkways with an atrium, nothing warmer than a curved wall of windows lined with trees and white wooden rockers.
The problem is that the "enddate" from your database isn't a number, it's a string.
KR had barely ordered and couldn't stop gushing about her love of this place.
There was an excellent hint of smoke to deepen its flavor, and that was further enhanced by the BBQ sauce to provide a sweet higher note, strong black peppery secondary, and anchored by a noticeable spicy kick that reverberates with good hops.
All the menu items are disabled, as I would expect since the constructor for CopyAction sets enabled = false; What I want to do is enable the menu items when a selection has changed in my plug-in view (which happens to be a TreeViewer ).
So based on what I understand from your question, it looks like the padding around the input is being shrunken.
My grandfather had the halibut and loved it...
I'm not sure you should really use implicits like this, but maybe in some DSL this might be a valid use case.
Missed Iops, This is working now
And holy COW was she right.
Try to disable the redis daemonize.
Basically,say the annotation indicates that a particular class located at serves the role of a controller .
Some high schooler was amazing on the harmonica.
I have heard that in 2.12 all traits are compiled to interfaces, but how does this change cause the problem?
You need to attach event directly on tr.
Great spot for a sit down lunch on a road trip.
My only complaint would be that the eggs and sausage in the breakfast were pretty bad.
What I found amazing was the sauce and the sides!!!
How do I build a DNS Query record in Erlang?
Try this code.It gives some basic idea.Please feel free to ask any doubt in this code.
EDIT: Another gotcha to be aware of is that any MIDI messages that take a length or duration parameter (eg the time in PPQN between events in a MIDI file, or the length of sysex messages or meta events) uses a variable length, so don't assume all the length fields are always a fixed length.
You're trying to use an object for and , where you should be using an array.
Unless you visit, you can't really wrap your head around ,the growth in the last part of the 20th and 21st century, understand what \""gentrification\"" and development has done to the historical character of the city, and how newcomers have vastly changed the cultural landscape.
So, the result of this query is a number.
In all, I found it tasty and a definitely a good value for the price.
Now in your second case where you declare something that looks like a copy constructor, you make the argument a , not a .
\n\nI'd describe the house blend as unique, and balanced.
I am new to android, am developing one application in which i have to get the data from the server need to store that data in sqlite, so every time i should not hit the server,when ever i want get from database,in this app i used fragment concept,when i enter the single character in multiautocomplete textview based on the names in response it needs to show the email-ids which are matching to that character in drop down list.
Bread served with oil and parmesan cheese.
Yup, turns out this IS a V8 bug, 1748 to be exact.
Are you sure your optimization engine scales that much?
This is my go-to coffee place in Shadyside.
Yellow border on hover using ZeroClipboard I have the following code generating a ZeroClipboard element for me: Im using this in combination with jQuery Context Menus open event.
Quiet and unassuming, the Jenny Street Market has the butcher in town.
Use Samsung Certificate if you want to run application on real device.
We love it so much, that we even got the melting pot cookbook, But it's just not as good as dining there.
I check the results returned by the filter and it says 0.
I stayed at this hotel while attending a convention in Pittsburgh.
Here is what I've got (I want the label where the red circle in the middle is not on the right down the side): :
There is no hint of staleness in anything.
Want to plan out your next food choice ahead of time?
IEnumerable with dynamic generic - C# I am trying to achieve following, is it possible?
I was thinking of this way: Will this method work?
You need to close your streams using the statement.
This error is still generated: from this code: and I have also tried this: I added the if/else shortcode to check the current id which I thought would eliminate the error, but it still has not gone away.
\n\nAs a note though, the chicken fiesta soup is nooooot good.
\n\nThey don't have a lot of space, which kind of limits their overall selection, but they do have local produce and organic wines (I like \""jest red\"").
I have not seen anything yet that would convince us to move away from Amazon.
\n\nWord of warning - if you order a cocktail, you only need one.
This is called the 'scope' of your variables.
Click on the Contents folder and then open the Info.plist file.
They make other dumpling/potsticker selections look pretty pathetic by comparison in size and flavor.
Since we are considering developing an universal html5 application, working on desktops and also on mobile devices, performance and speed are a very important factor.
If you want to make sure the user is authorized once and for ever, store this info in the database.
Here are my data functions: My init() is: My interval: If you need any other information then just ask!
One of my favorite hometown pizza places.
There isn't a bad thing in the menu.
Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding.
It's a great stop for a longish lunch break.
More than just stationary and cards, Kards Unlimited is locally-owned in Shadyside and has a quirky selection of everything from books, jewelry, toys, posters, games, bath/body, and novelty gifts.
But now its showing only the first selected friend.Your suggestions are welcome.
\n\nI have been to a bunch of other Mallards games too, and I always have a blast.
\nThe secret to shopping at Whole Foods?
We tipped well and called it a night.
I had one that was faulty and after contacting Costco.com through which they were purchased, a new shade was sent within a few days.
The fish was perfectly cooked, the lemon butter sauce was silky and perfectly balanced, and the side dish..
This provides more consistent results if the active window's keyboard layout is different to the script's keyboard layout.
The chicken Diane's gravy was rich, flavorful and tasted fantastic.
In our case: row = number of added buttons / number of columns column = number of added buttons % number of columns (other type of filling work similarly).
Enjoy the ambiance of Luna and there is solid food for the price.
Here is that result: My question is this: Why do some of those come out formatted the way that they seem like they should and others do not?
In the convert() function of your model, grab the string and return the date value.
MySQL select as variable to be used in a function defined in PHP I think this a pretty classical setting: Suppose I have a , with .
My code below results in a response message of saying that my message does not contain multiple parts.
I've gotten a lot of awesome pieces for my apt there, including bath and kitchen stuff.
Highcharts custom styling connect and label How to I custom donuts in highcharts with, each start point connect label have a circle, and style the connect line, and hidden the lower value.
Adding to your project and Get Number, Apple allow some of the details of device, Not give IMEI, serial Number.
If want a lounge experience, I highly suggest going to the bar which has couches as well as bar seats (better for groups), if you want an intimate conversation (2-4 people), I suggest being seated to the right.\n\nFood: We ordered the crispy tofu and mushroom & spinach dumplings for appetizers, the grilled salmon and spicy basil noodles for entrees, and shared the chocolate maki for dessert.\n\nCrispy Tofu: Must eat for vegetarians or meat eaters.
is it because i'm changing the SOID to the new SOID, and the filter auto updates itself?
edit the visibility line under as follows: Instead of
Went here with my girlfriends last Saturday.
It works by moving the method of interest to one side, adding a new stubbed version of the method which delegates to a traditional mock object.
Good look Rock Bottom, keep up the good work.
Roland's has a huge draft beer selection.
But I gave them the benefit of a doubt, made my way in the door no one wanting to move, or being nice enough to do so.
A bit pricey for what you get, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.\n\nFor my entree, I had the sea scallops with BBQ pork, and it was pretty wonderful.
I got the Meatloaf and oh my goodness it was so AMAZING!
I can pass my own custom objects to the client just fine, just not the error object.
I figure multiplying them all together is a no no for obvious reasons.
You don't need the "Object" keyword and should quote the properties.
I am no expert in Cross Platform Mobile Development (in fact, I was just searching for a cross platform mobile development languages/frameworks), but you could take a look at Xamarin , especially as you have a C# Background.
It was very filling and the gravy was good but the portion was way too big.
The plaintains were battered with cornmeal and were very good.
What would be the best solution for this problem?
Runtime tests - Function defintions: Runtimes: Verify results -
They owner was very friendly and helpful.
In this case you can just close the buffer, after br.readLine() returns null, which means that there is no more input to be read.
But this is declarative programming, so I'm not sure how to tackle this.
Am I doing something wrong or missing anything?
and all I changed was migrating to gradle.
Also, you should use the constants View.VISIBLE and View.GONE instead of 0, 8.
I have a interface: lets say : First Code : This code will compile successfully.
You can use a expression, as shown, to add a column that indicates the status of the row, and you can then add a clause, not shown, to perform any additional filtering.
As an experiment, I attempted to set the height and width explicitly in the CSS for 'p' but chrome just shows this as an 'invalid property'.
The library's Github page shows that the latest version (which includes the above fix) is:
My hair stylist Vanessa is great.
This scenario ofcourse works when before the collection view is swapped out first time.
In the above code snippet if you use it would print equal.But if you check it wouldn't print unequal.
So, after the submition of the form, that will be inside of a CJUiDialog, I wish that the above dropDownList be updated with the new type, without refresh the page.
This is incorrect: You first set to and right after that you set it to .
Visual Studio 2008 - Add Reference When adding a DLL as a reference to an ASP.Net project, VS2008 adds several files to the bin directory.
The program shall use loops and at least one class definition.
Seems like the event is getting fired.
Page goes blank when working with database I am working on a form for a friend.
Basically you're trying to start the camera activity from an activity that doesn't exist to Android, so it's throwing a NullPointerException.
\n\nPork & Chicken: regular on wheat\nBlack olives, cilantro, sc, guac, cheese, hot salsa.
How is the best way to go about doing this?
I like it as much as Morton's.
Luckily, the ice cream was superb.
But you can indicate where to find it from a particular point by using a normal vector.
If I use GPars in my Groovy application and I don't specify a pool size how many threads will be created?
We then ordered something I have heard stories about for years.
lightbox is crashing I have several pages made from the a template that has a navigation made with idTabs, in javascript.
Does the following code do what you want?
The staff is good and the food is pretty decent for the theme.
Here is my template source code: This code assembles all files in directory to one class.
Your initial code might fail because of the encoding and or mode you read the file with.
My son loves the cinnamon bread - I use it for his peanut butter sandwiches and it is his favorite!
Dining options are varied, and this airport has a lot to see and do during layovers.\n\nRocking Chairs are a huge plus :-D
But possibly only the first is needed.
\n\nThere was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for a few seconds, then you land into a pool where a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about 3 times.
As a business traveler several clients recommended this as a must visit.
If you need to capture the Tap event on the page, you've to use the services of the GestureListner class.
This is the quintessential mom and pop bar / restaurant on a lake.
I go into brunch groggy, then I have coffee and yummy food, and I'm totally amped, ready to face the day!
Similarly, you might want to create your own function "rollBetween" which allows you to roll different dice with a simple instruction.
That was 10 years ago and I've shopped there weekly ever since.
Go there and expect to enjoy a delicious glass of wine while waiting to have a fabulous dinner!
Great location (Market Square), great environment and atmosphere, and friendly and helpful staff.
At the very least you're looking at either or
Try adding to the container div.
You must keep in mind that no rescue shelter is going to look like a 5 Star hotel and be able to keep every animal free from illness, but the ARL does a great job.
Any guess what i am doing wrong?
You want to inspect the Environment.CommandLine Property This property provides access to the program name and any arguments specified on the command line when the current process was started.
Avoiding DbSet objects count using ToList() Using C# Entity Framework v6.1.1, I was trying to make a Count operation on a : I did not use Contains, as there is a known EF issue on its use with Where Count etc.
Also make sure nothing is covering the Tag as well!
Ignore his code for inserting the content, since that doesn't apply to an RTF.
Some reviewers said they had a mini-frig.
My boyfriend got that during their thanksgiving special and he LOVED IT!!!!!
Maybe not blown away, like if you're looking for something really edgy this might not be the place for you, but I'm picky and have difficult hair and Bonnie gave me exactly what I was looking for.
For me it was refreshing the gwt runtime in a specific project, maybe trying to find an update or something.
You can read more about this Here .
It was well prepared and delicious.
You could set up a local server and save such files in a domain you can now add to the trusted sites, but opening the file in any other browser than IE is easier.
I'm using ListView to display the numbers of nearby places and did successfully to display some basic information provided by API into my ListView.
I dont need it to be cross playform, just as long as it works.
We've always been fans of Pita Land as a great Mediterranean grocery and the best joint in Pittsburgh to get freshly made pitas of all varieties and hummus.
They were happy to give advice about what beer we would like and happily cut samples of cheese.
) since it is looking for a STRING not a regular expression.
I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and hope maybe they were just low at the time.
What worked for me is to call the setAssetsFilter 3 times in a row with all filter combinations, before starting the enumeration.
You could arguably even write your solution this way.
Step 2: Copy from your to your tomcat webapps directory: – Note the war file name change.
the errors are as the assets are as my application.css is as fontawesome are loaded in font-awesome.css as glyphicons are loaded in bootstrap.min.css as i did try couple of solution like prepending 'font' or 'assets' to 'url' but none worked.
My wife had the reuben burger and was disappointed with the quality and flavor.
You can override the default form panel to add this functionality.
Unless there is some other requirement not specified, I would simply convert your color image to grayscale and work with that only (no need to work on the 3 channels, the contrast present is too high already).
You can only use certain types of expression as the argument to , for instance - they have to have a syntactic structure that allows for concatenation, and no unwrapped commas - and it only works for predetermined values (e.g.
to start we got a couple of appetizer trays.
It is not a place to go on the cheap though, so be prepared to spend a little cash.
The brackets in the search pattern make that a "group".
I want it to be a day of pampering.\n\nI took my bestie out for a spa day since she really needed one.
The I/O thread waits on the read end of the pipe along with other sockets and file descriptors and once the pipe is ready for read it wakes up, retrieves the pointer to the result and proceeds with pushing the result into the client connection in non-blocking mode.
Use ViewState between postbacks otherwise value of property will be lost.
The miso was good, but definitely needed to be reheated in the microwave, I like my soup hot, not just warm.
As what shown in the first image below, there is a little human logo in the login textbox and a lock in the password box.
He then said that he was going to change some of the bread with my meal as it contained onions.
I dumped both of them on.
Great open bar with top notch service.
\n\nIf you're a northsider looking for a new local hangout, or someone heading to a Mallard's game looking for a spot near Warner to hit up before or after the game (they always have Mallard gameday specials) this is the place.
Then we had our sushi, the philly roll, alaska roll, and illini roll.
Can you tell me what is my mistake here?
They always have better than average waitstaff.
You could use instead of loops and pass-by-reference.
Drinks were the highlight, try my favorites of the night, jalape\u00f1o Moscow mule and suit and tie.
There are photographs of the owners and chefs family on the walls....
my xCode version is 6.3.2 ..
Arithmetic operations on arbitrarily large numbers cannot possibly be performed in a single, constant-time step.
I'm glad we were at a table.
Check the driver version and abort if it is too old.
I had the quesadilla and it was plentiful!
The house-made pub chips were excellent.\n\nA small group of us ate and drank for a few hours; the total tab came to just over $60, which is an absolute bargain.
We went here for New Year Eve.
I had similar problem and it is solved by Installing g++ The GNU C++ complier using ubuntu software centre and Changing in - Window -> Preferences -> C/C++ -> Build -> Settings -> Discovery -> CDT GCC Build in Complier Settings [Shared] I hope it helps.
I treated myself to a root beer float.
The simple things first: and .
You can sample 8 or 10 curries and they also have a little salad and some dessert items.
Some are as comfy as could be.
It changes volume differently for each song thats added to each channel.
I was able to get the program to terminate after entering stop as the first employee's name; however, when I input an actual name (for example Jim), the program runs through the while loop once fine.
Java 7 supports the feature of having underscores in the numeric literals to improve the readability of the values being assigned.
I would also just use a StoryBoard with a DoubleAnimation an bind the Storyboard.Target to an instance of the DoubleTextblockSetter.
I will be waving my Terrible Towel, loud and proud for you guys.
The work seems to have been done as expected; I checked the spark plugs, new S-belt...everything seemed in order.\n\nThe price wasn't brutal.
\n\nPros\n- VERY affordable\n- friendly and helpful staff\n- Did I mention it is scrumptious?\n\nCons\n- service is a little slow\n- inconsistent drink options\n\nI highly recommend trying their falafel with a fritter for dessert.
Any ideas on why this would not be working, or a better way of doing this?
You can set the C++ locale to ".OCP" to match this locale.
Participants had to select between options A and B , and we recorded how long they took to decide, and whether their responses were accurate or not.
Unfortunately, I have tried locking at various levels within this code with no success.
They walked me through the entire process, and I believe I received excellent care.
The hush puppies were homemade and tasted great.
\n\nWe will continue to eat here and bring family and friends.
If you can, look at a weather report and shop when you know it won't be hotter than Hades.
A quality implementation ( / ) will resize itself automatically as the number of elements increases.
Note that both the green, solid lines and the dashed lines use the coordinates for point A and point B.
I used the ship to store feature on the website to get free shipping since the mall is really close to my house.
BUT, not sure if you knew the following - they make it super easy for all of your returns after you get everything home and realize that you went a bit scanner crazy, and don't need the waffle maker you thought you couldn't live without.
I'd like to create a macro that will help me with it...
I think Laredo's has the best Mexican food in Madison.
Anyone else who finds this approach interesting, please let me know - I could do a gem.
The exception may be some of the low level CPU specifics which the kernel may expect uboot or a BIOS to have setup already.
Refactoring to an object instead of an array The best solution, assuming that the of each of your items is unique, would be refactoring the way you are storing the data.
Beyond that, you are in the realms of computer vision.
I've gotten this far except I can't figure out how to format 'rainfallInInches.txt' to make it look like 'rainfalls.txt'.
I intuitively know that there is an error in this code (even without its execution), but I don't know where and what is it like (something wrong with arguments maybe?).
I've also tried floating it to the left, as well as sticking it in a container with text-align set to left.
Best way to retrieve the prototype of a JS object Trying to understand Prototypes in Javascript.
Good pizza as well as other great menu options.
I am part Iranian, so I know my Persian food.
Lebo because they're both the \""Saloon.\"" Maybe it's like the Wild Wild West and they're feuding.
Step #3 has taken care of it.
So I was trying to figure out a general outline of what this code is saying so that the problem can be fixed.
So if the file is 1,000,000 bytes long, and you've read 450,000 bytes total , the progress would be 45% (i.e.
Most people have probably never been to a place like this and it's an experience AND a meal which I like.\n\nThe meal comes on a large plate with the spongy bread and on top of it is a garden salad with a light Italian dressing, a pureed dish of some sort that's amazing, and the protein you've chosen with onions, spices and a sauce.
I hope this helps explain backtracking.
We knew when we moved up to Chicago that we would miss you, but never realized that we'd have such a problem finding a replacement that even comes close to your awesomeness.
Why should I use cookies other than for storing a session id?
Since I (think I) can't do it recursively, I try to emulate it using a LIFO list.
At the same level as the package of your GWT module I create a folder named .
Surprisingly comfy and stylish seating and lighting for a primarily take out shop.
Selenium sendkeys drops character with Chrome Driver Selenium sendkeys with Chrome Driver drops character "2" and "4".
I don't know how to make MathJax responsive.
Admission is cheap to (especially if you're a county resident).
The primitive (what I would call scalar ) data types are all numbers and are completely defined by the language; you cannot add to them (though you can rename them using .
Just, you know, not when I want to be there, it's nice to have some room to stretch out ;).
It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time.
M-M-M-M load that baby up with onions!
I am presuming your form is a dialog since that is what is mentioned in the title.
Having problems replacing data in array For a project I have to do, I have to list a set of classes, have the user select which class to use, and print out a weekly schedule for them for the semester.
With this solution, it is the constructor argument that determines the maximum pool size in practice, because the thread pool will grow up to the , and then start adding jobs to the queue.
The browser stores it locally using its own method.
I also remain absolutely in LOVE with their variety of margaritas, which are impressively strong and delicious no matter what size drink you order.\n\nReally, my only complaint is their need to play loud background noise to \""set the mood\"" for the place - I'd never want to bring a large group here because of the soundtrack they've got going.
pywinauto batch file running error Im a biologist and new to pywinauto, i wrote a code to open an input file in HYPHY application using pywinauto, when i run my code line by line in command line it works fine but when i run the code as a batch file it gives the following error.
I personally love this style of Italian cooking.
The people who eat/drink there are always there to just have a good time while enjoying having a few great beers.\nI recommend this place for anyone that just wants a beer, anyone who loves hot dogs, etc.
In other words, is object at the end of the call, just like is, so you can do: And it means you just called function from object 6 times.
Additionally, you need to access the hardware directly (f.e.
You have unlimited toppings - mushrooms, onions, creamy avocado etc.
For example if you had Change it to Internet Explorer is bypassing the proxy server for "localhost".
How to add css class on validation error to list item In my application I have ListView with textField which is validating when user submit button.
I'm not 100% positive if my logic is correct in my code, but anytime I try to run my app I am greeted with this exception (I've included only the last section): Now I'm fairly certain this has nothing to do with my code because no matter how much I change my logic, if I try calling any of the methods made available by , I receive this exception.
They are so accommodating, will do separate checks and provide excellent customer service.
If a document was signed by multiple people, and you want to remove the first signature, all subsequent signatures will be broken.
After that, you can just use set value=!param1!
App crashes on sendText method I am developing my first android app where someone can send multiple sms to a designated number.
Authentic Mexican food in a casual setting.
But because variable is private .
For example: Project A Sub project 1 Sub project 2 Project B If you give a developer permissions to project A and then add a new sub project: Project A Sub project 1 Sub project 2 Sub project 3 Project B There will have permission to all 3 sub-projects in project A without having to change the permissions model.
Please help as soon as possible.
If so, how am I able to add that string into the vector?
See this link for how to solve your problem.
If you live in Pittsburgh you will learn that it is wise to pay respect to the Steelers or else...
First time at Lidia's, although I've wanted to go there every time I'm in Pittsburgh.\n\nI got the prix fixe Lidia's Trio del Giorno.
If only awesomer were a word.
Using Tweepy Stream, How do I search for retweets?
I've learnt recently that it is possible to create new objects in JPQL statements as follows: Is this something to be avoided or rather to embrace?
I live in Texas and my wife took a business trip to Verona.
Or, you could interpret it as a number from -128 to 127 (both of these are common).
We were seated almost immediately with menus in hand.
Food is meh, Starbucks is essential, and the moving walkways are fun/helpful except when people can't read the directions.
Laura (Lori?) was incredibly friendly and seemed genuinely happy we had chosen the Renaissance for our stay.
Extract IPs before string I have this text: I only want to know the IP's before (mgn), output: thanks
But, if I inject a , I get the right value: gives me: In fact, if you use the folowing code: you get: So it appears that the default setting (at least for my environment) is a precision of zero.
You can set option async of ajax to false to wait for the reply from server.
And we were from California.\n\nBut you talk about a team for all seasons and all reasons!
Link: So as you can see you should provide some alignment to each paragraph.
Next time I stop in, I'll be sure to try the \""peanut butter heaven,\"" since that sounds right up my alley!
ESQL is used massively in here.
The handbreaded fish is huuuuge.(way larger than the roll that it's on) and handbreaded..
Some beds are noticeably older and squeak horribly.
Can you use the operation: ?
When I explained my situation, they agreed and fit me in.
This is the best place for authentic Italian food.The sandwiches are excellent!!!!!
This place is right along my way home from the bus from work, so I'm always tempted to stop here.\n\nIf you're looking for a great place to grab an inexpensive pizza, check out Pizza Perfectta!
Alternately, is there a way to add a simple queueing system short of completely rewriting the application?
The cornbread alone is worth the trip.
Balsamic dressing, chestnuts, and great grilled chicken really stood out along with the goat cheese.
I then hit refresh on the page (and have tried hard refresh, and cache clear/refresh as well).
is a custom method, which, by the way, is never triggered by this method (which means nothing's caught inside of this whole method).
Nice menu and good service \nI recommend
The most popular modern one is "UTF-8".
This has the advantage of making it easy to send your improvements to canonical LibraryB, and the advantage that you make changes inside working area of ProjectA.
This is what I have tried but it just displays me the count of the first question after I get the counts i can sort them in the descending order by using but how to get the sum of likes?
This place is a great Ice Cream Shop.
Even adding a little color and warmth to our lunch experience.
It should give you more knowledge about .
My question is, how do I calculate this in R?
I have tested your code and everything works, so problem is that Xcode can not find .framework symbols, it finds only headers
To be sure about this, I would file a bug at and see what they say about this.
Which was $2.95 by the way.
I didn't spend time on solving this issue because I already had so many problems.
The only justification for them seems to be to save you a very small amount of typing.
the problem is you lose the benefits of directives.
It's waaaay bigger than LAX in Los Angeles, and has so many really nice stores that you can forget that you were actually in an airport.\n\nI was simply changing flights, and didn't have much time to do any shopping, but this is a place that someone could spend the afternoon shopping in.
No complaints!\n\nUPDATE: They're called Sandwich Max now...and I havent had a chance to go back since they've changed the name, so a follow up will come after that!
Please explain if and why putting generated output files under source control is wrong.
When you walk in, they know you're there.
Since you used the term postback I assume you are using asp.net webforms.
CVS: Same Modules, Multiple Branches/Tags I work on two products, each residing in its own CVS module; call them B (Base) and D (Dependent).
I changed the AndroidManifest.xml "android:icon="@drawable/ic_launcher" to a custom name but it's not working.
Plenty of space to eat inside or outside.
Off to a good start!\nI threw open the drapes to window #1 to reveal - TA DA - the most spectacular view of the tired, drab-blue parking garage across the street.
The mail function: Returns TRUE if the mail was successfully accepted for delivery, FALSE otherwise.
Eclipse Mac to Windows notepad formatting no carriage return I am using eclipse on mac to do my java coding.
Like Darren (I was so jealous he got to go there back in February and I didn't), I had the Torta di Cioccolatta, and it was godly.
[This is part of a set of reviews covering establishments my family and I encountered while taking a road trip to Cincinnati.]\n\nI'm finally getting to the final few reviews from my trip more than two months ago.
Then write a php script for the client side.
From what I understand the data will be "persisted" (physically stored, not just retrieved when i need it).
The drinks, by the way, were truly amazing.
Essentially, you have the option of a) serializing the data and sending the data to the client (who could be on a slow connection) or b) retrieving the data from the database, which is optimized for data retrieval and clever caching.
Both the INSERT INTO - SELECT part, and the DELETE part.
I have found some paid libraries that seem to be able to overcome this save issue and add a lot more functionality such as Teleriks RichTextBox or DevExpress's RichTextBox but I guess I'm looking for the best solution for this type of module before I commit to purchasing a Silverlight Control suite.
So the question is how does one get the full filepath of a text file in a folder in another class library within the same solution?
I did however like their new growler station.
Struts2 + REST plugin XML output I'm creating a Web Service with the Struts2 REST Plugin, which works great.
The clientele was mixed on Friday night - a couple with a child, two couples double-dating, people just getting drinks, etc.\n\nOnto the food.
You can see some further details at
French Quarter is busy for lunch every day.
Color was done well, cut was ok.
But now I am getting this error after to build through tomcat,
Option 2: Use the Rails tag helpers.
I've got the maths done however I'm having a problem converting a TimeSpan declaration into a Integer where it can be divided and made into a average.
To avoid string processing, lambdas are a good solution as in the answer by Johannes Schaub.
The rooms are typical motel but the thing to remember is the cleanliness of the rooms which is not very accurate (the extractor fan in the bathroom had dust that almost completely otturava).
if you dont like sushi, dont try it.
The environment listed in the question compiles fine.
Can anyone help me store log into the checkLog.log file.??
This means they could be (with pixel values of 0 or 1), (with pixel values that represent a range from black to white), or (with pixel values that represent indices into a colormap).
Ask for Tony or anyone really , everyone is very helpful
Guy looks at me like i just punched his mother.
They were actually a little on the cool side.
Can specify it on the command line with "--server fqdn.of.master" or put it in the agent's puppet.conf file in the main section.
I want to read a text file and display its content into a div on Page load.
I know that it happens just with multiple instances of excel, I want to know why.
If you like your meals to take time, then this place is five stars.
The proportions are HUGE and they give you more than enough injera to finish your dish (and someone else's!).\n\nFriendly, hole in the wall place.
As nice as an airport can get.
He was such a nice doctor and all of his staff was understandable and sweet.
I get an error saying "Page can't be loaded".
I can change the way data gets stored in the table (it's in an SQLite database if that matters) if that would make things easier, but as the number of different series may be different from time to time, I would prefer having them all in the same table.
Or if there was an appropriate cut put in place?
We have to maintain on an old system here (20 years and older).
The API returns a lot of data separated in blocks.
They got right to making the marks in which they were going to fix and made me feel so welcome.
The exhibits on the main floor are also somewhat similar, but upgraded.
So an updated example: Updated again I now understand that you are specifically trying to get the menu item to enable/disable while the menu is open (and that it doesn't do that normally).
Classes' vtables are constructed based on class declarations.
Step 1 : the target datastructure : There are two issues with your data structure : You're forgetting to put the names between quotes.
Invalid output with fscanf() The language I am using is C I am trying to scan data from a file, and the code segment is like: The file which I read from has the first line as follows: The results that show in stdout is: Obviously, the results had an extra line which comes nowhere.Is there anybody know how this could happen?
This includes both a huge water slide and kids-friendly climbing options with shallow waters.\n\nThe outdoor facility includes both a kiddie pool splash park and full size pool with both fitness lanes and plenty of room for recreational waders.
is it possible to check the meta value like email or site links using regular expression and update ?
When the user types in text, it goes into the empty space in between without moving any data.
There are a ton of snacks available along with coffee, tea, and alcohol.
Perfectly done, and flavor throughout.\nAfter another beverage, and just enjoying the evening, we got our check and headed out.\nThanks to other reviews, we knew CASH only, but there is an ATm, so heads up!\n\nPerfect, exactly what we wanted, and this sets the bar for us for the balance of our summer Saturday dining trek.
Add the style import above your existing style, then apply the css rule to whichever element you wish.
The food was definitely some of the best food I have ever had.
The limit can be set to a global default in php.ini: Or you can override it in your script like this: For more on PHP memory limit you can see or ini.memory-limit .
They tend to hold a varying number of objects all of which have the same type and which are operated on one-by-one.
Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town!
No it's not pizza, a Tuscan style pie maybe.
It really needs a train or something because even with the moving sidewalks, the amount of walking is excessive.
However, the line: is throwing an exception so you are only writing one log entry per test.
I ordered a pineapple mojito and promptly finished it due to the fact that it was absolutely delectable!!!
Set range and define named range in VBA I am trying to define a named range (with Workbook scope) in VBA based on certain inputs to help figure out the cells that should be included in the range.
I would argue that Umi is the better sibling with excellent sushi options (with a hefty price tag) but Soba is a bit more approachable to the person who is less familiar with or doesn't want sushi.
A lot of tv's to watch the games.
Also you need to find a suitable extra layer for runtime data access and build code around that, no mater Impala or other things.
Does anyone have a fix for that problem?
Now I'm asking myself if that is really the way to go.
As explained by @nos in a bold ) the parameter where the cursor is, as illustrated in in image provided by @nos: However, that still requires IDE support and is relatively cumbersome to use (you have to position cursor and trigger it to use it) , so you should consider other means.
I am just looking for accountID which have SUM greater than 0.
Granted, it's not better than many of the places we've been to in Boston - but it's way better than I expected for around here!
I was a member of the Dowd Y for about 3 years and then bowed out to move south to the lands of suburban Charlotte.
It is also a very good place for date night, bro night, or just night.
The variety of flavors and foods is remarkable and it gives you a chance to experience the diversity this kitchen is capable of without investing a lot in one dish.
However, the WebView is always adapting to the screen size (which would be good in most cases, but not this).
They have excellent customer service besides Matt or something.
I'm new in boost::spirit and I have tried coding to split the items and get basic informations (name, version, date) required for most of treatments.
Many components of my program produce a somewhat subjective answer, and I cannot automate sanity checks.
Generate dynamic select lambda expressions I am somewhat new to expression trees and I just don't quite understand some things.
If I remember correctly, membership costs ~$20 and doesn't really amount you any benefits.
Try this: It's not hugely better, but I like it better than using .
Any help or hints as to what I can try next would be much appreciated.
Convert 12 hour character time to 24 hour I have a data set with the time in character format.
wp7 sms sending recieving and sms interceptors Is there any way to send and recieve sms in wp7?
I have two .XSD files one defines a calendar and the second the global types.
There are free tools available to look at the managed heap in .Net, using the SOSEX extensions to WinDBG and SOS , it is possible to run a program, pause it, then look at which objects exist on the stack and (more importantly) which other objects are holding references to them (roots) which will be preventing the the GC from collecting them.
Convert str bytes to bytes I have a bluetooth controller which returns the data of a event in where the 3 &amp; 4 byte together are a 16 bit signed little-endian int value.
Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you.
I have tried an array of sub shops in my time and I can honestly say that this is one of the better ones.
I dont really understand underscore magic in scala lambda expression.
Following this prestashop instruction on how to make a tab in a back-office I did a class and controller like it's need.
(There are probably also still some places where it assumes / as a path separator, although I fixed some.) FWIW, git-annex works fine on OS X and other fine proprietary unixen.
I didn't feel like complaining, so just picked it off.
All I can recall is that I got my chicken muglai and it was GOOD.
In order to be able to debug your mex files, you should follow these steps Everything was right just some minutes ago and I was doing my project without any problem.
Does [GKLocalPlayer localPlayer] ever return valid info on first call?
Could we use "setExchangePattern" to make the Wire Tap InOut?
Years ago, this place used to be called Stockade.\n\nOnce inside, it's quite spacious with high ceilings and an all wood interior, except for the tile on the floor.
I truly appreciate a self-contained coffeehouse doing everything on site.
What is the best way to accomplish this?
It's simply a comfy, small bar where I can get a good, cheap beer and probably see somebody I know.\n\nIf you're there on a particularly busy weekend night, you get a mixture of overflow from other bars, making for a fun scene (especially if you're a people-watcher).
Include LaTeX code from R objects into markdown I am writing up a report where the output gets pushed to a document via .
There was a wheat beer on special so I immediately ordered that without even looking at who brewed it.
Portion sizes were just right, with enough food to leave you happily sated, but not stuffed.
Only primitive types or enumeration types are supported in this context.
If you don't mind the wait to get seated, I definitely recommend this restaurant.
I would like to display only the last 4 digits.
I got the Orrechiette again and a Turkey Avacado Sandwhich.
\n\nThey only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could.
But starting up the application won't call .
I believe in freedom of choice, and i'll defend with my life your right to choose.
At most, you will need to add it to your privacy policies: 3 .
I've never had anyone actually clear my table for me while eating a complimentary breakfast in a hotel lobby.\n\nShout out to Janaan, who was an absolute sweetheart.
Stayed here with a friend while she was in the Madison area for Epic training.
And in my experiences, it's almost always true.\n\nFiori's is a dive (in a good way)- the inside looks like it was put together in the '70's, and the staff isn't always the friendliest.
On this last visit, I indulged in their traditional french toast with a side of eggs.
Now I want that besides this square the rest of the area(of target.xaml frame) should be transparent(It should show main.xaml).
Blue Plate even coordinated with the DJ, florist, photographer, and videographer so that I wouldn't be bothered that day.
I'm using the directive in my servlet and I'm using the annotation with each of my controller methods.
The datatype on the table column is varbinary(500) so I dont understand why I have to convert it to insert it.
Show Wordpress Posts Associated with Certain Author Suppose I want to show posts from one certain author on the main index of a wordpress website, how would I go about this ??
I called out for take-out one night and when I walked up to the restaurant, I found that they had mixed up my order and I'd have to wait a few more minutes.
I had never seen some of the brands sold there.
So i have no clue how to get rid of Query Strings at urls without breaking it.
And more will come, as nowadays it's rather trivial to implement in some way based on Clang.
Everything's clean, everything's new and nice; it's a perfect space for a workout without too many frills--or even the added distraction of running into everyone you know in Charlotte.
I'm trying to create a table-like model using CSS but having hard time to figure it out.
Hovering menu doesnt resizing I have a menu and a submenu , that will show only on mouse hover.
There is nothing gourmet about it and you can order by number.
The inside the function is probably your issue though.
The only way to "un-apply" a style is to apply an overriding style.
I was not expecting much, I suppose due to its location and ubiquitous name, but the food was excellent (relative to other Charlotte Indian restaurants).
The meal was unforgettable, as literally, I don't remember what I got - all I remember was thinking about the tuna I had the first time I went....
First of all, it's a two story McDonald's!
\nI told the waiter: The food is excellent!
I really like the bring-your-own-container aspect of the bulk section, as I hate using things I have to throw away (paper, plastic, etc), and I get all of my baking supplies here.
\n\nAlso of note, they have an insane amount of sports memorabilia, with a ton signed, from all across the spectrum and the last six-plus decades.
liquid crack soaked up in warm bread!
yuo can add a screen for enter a coupons.
On my PC this code working with "n" less then 13 otherwise the result is "$Aborted", but I need n=20.
Search for view names within the query text.
Beef spare ribs, fried chicken, shrimp & grits, salmon, collards, black eyed peas, Mac n cheese, slaw, and oh the cornbread that was served first!!
The bathrooms are in the lobby.
It's a turkey burger with cranberry stuffing inside.
For $25, you have a large antipasti table selection, your choice of entree, a generous dessert table selection, and complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary.
I've tried doing an if statement that's like if("#hide" + i) is clicked, then hide the corresponding paragraph, but obviously that + i doesn't work.
(Might as well fill out the answer now that we figured it out in the comments.)
In my opinion what really drives this dish to excellence is the Vietnamese dipping sauce (nuoc cham).
\n\nFor such a tiny store, it is amazing how many needs they can fulfill.\n\nThe butcher counter is astounding for a neighborhood grocery, but perhaps more \nimpressive is the craft beer selection.
I circumvent that by manually calling beforehand but I don't really like that solution that much.
The kitchen had my meal ready super quickly as well and I was out the door in under a hour.
This has the effect that the files will be closed automatically when the block exits.
I never really needed anything so I didn't suffer, but I can't give 5 stars because of that.
The hotel has a little listing for Maharaja which includes some pretty specific and weird hours, none of which include Mondays.
Could any one pls help me?
I wish NoVa had a place this size and this beautiful!
It's not safe to do it your way, since there may also be \r or \n in a SQL statement (e.g.
I recieved my drink and food promptly, but my server never checked back.
My comments are on a separate hidden channel.
You cannot use a function call on the left-hand side of an assignment statement.
For example: When I screen twitter for the music player >iPod&lt; and someone writes: "It's a terrible day but at least my iPod makes me happy" or even harder: "It's a terrible day but at least my iPod makes up for it" Which software is smart enough to understand that the focused is on iPod and not the weather?
And are there names for these two patterns?
I went to this salon for the first time because my boyfriend lives in the apartment complex located behind the shopping plaza that Modern Salon is in.
Would definitely go back for more!
How remove "installed twice" errors in RCP Product I have an RCP product based on 2 features: my product feature and the org.eclipse.rcp feature.
To send push notifications, you will need to first register your app with the push notification service (Apple APNs or Google GCM) that corresponds to your app's platform.
\n\nEverything was resolved a week later so we got over it!
The shrimp and crab risotto was delicious, creamy & buttery, a true risotto.
Both our server and our chef were very friendly but no overly so.
I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest.
for example: [TIMESTAMP = 12:30][EVENT=B] [TIMESTAMP = 12:30][EVENT=U] [TIMESTAMP = 12:30][EVENT=A] and i want it to output [TIMESTAMP = 12:30][EVENT=A] [TIMESTAMP = 12:30][EVENT=B] [TIMESTAMP = 12:30][EVENT=U] my current code at the moment stands: any ideas EDIT: this is only for sample data, i only want this to occur when the time stamps the same, otherwise, it will order accordingly as per the time stamp.
I was really looking forward to the fettuccine in the cheese wheel that I had read about here!
Although it's not on Willy St.
A must visit if you need luggage and want to support local businesses, especially the few who are left Downtown.
We taste the crispy samosas which are filled with mashed potatoes and peas.
The duck played really well with the thick ragu sauce.
Payload for iOS is bit different.
Allowed us to sample a couple appetizers.
And they do not take reservations to my knowledge.
This works well on normal Servlet-Containers however the gae-development-server complains about using a restricted class (java nio.file.Filesystem which is used to watch the source-dir for changes), which is generally fine.
I would like to present a list of upcoming job openings (StoreEvents) sorted by the DateField only.
I've tried using FileBasedCache with a location on tmpfs, but that also failed to improve performance.
It's paid for itself after two visits and the rest of the season is free.
The HTML page contains a submit form or something like that, and I wish to send this data from the form, without to reload the whole page.
I used Stream reader but it reads the file only once.
Each object has a unique 'id' field.
\n\nMy friend loved the dessert which was a extra gewy cinnamon roll in a iron cast dish.
Our water glasses were constantly full, which is good considering some of the food is really spicy!
\n\nI've never had anything else here, but a friend ordered the steak salad once and I was almost tempted to trade in my burger, it looked so good.
Although the calamari wasn't my favorite, I LOVED the wraps, reminiscent of bang bang shrimp in perfect little iceberg lettuce boats and topped with a deliciously sweet-spicy fruit salsa (I ate two, everyone else only got one).
They have tons of specials and even more menu options.
Never would have expected greek gyros driving by the place.\n\nWe had great service, all the food was delicious and down to earth.
I was prepared to have to spend a lot of time afterwards patching holes, but I hardly had to do anything.
It's no Belgian white, but it wasn't bad at all.\n\nThe German plate with two brats was delicious.
The size of the structure is unknown until declared.
I grew up in Pittsburgh, lived in Chicago for 5 years came back this year.
Go maintains its own pool of idle connections.
Caching bring its own set of new challenges; consider reloading from the database everyday n minutes, or at a certain time or event.
Portion sizes were more than enough.
In the MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES of settings.py, you have , which is new in Django 1.8.
The coolest thing we did was play in the water area, but a couple of the features were broken and the (young) museum employees didn't know how they were supposed to work.\n\nWe found street parking, but you can park on site for $5.
I found Bastone through Yelp and drove over.
animate div up and down I am just making a panel, ( div ) that has cookie, and can be opened or closed.
Go to the Johnson & Wales website, click on the Charlotte section, and look up \""Chef's Choice.\"" My strong recommendation is to sign up for the 5 week Bootcamp.
it's BYOB - always nice - and the food is abundant and tasty.
Thus, your line 10 would be highlighted and stare me in the face all the time.
I trust them there with my car, but definitely not her.\n\nOne more quick thing, make sure you get your key back for your tires if you have a rotation.
Also, putting everything inside the constructor instead of into the prototype would create a new set of functions for every new instance, which somehow contradicts the idea of a good library.
So I always heard good things about Sunnyledge but never stopped in until I went there my junior year at CMU.
I was blown away by the beauty of the Benedum!
Alternatively you can change the display property of the p dom element, for example to .
Restrict scope of variable within include file in php I am facing variable conflicting issues in application i am designing.
This is the best place we've ever taken our cars to.
Willing to show you around the facility and introduce you to all that they offer.
You could add a call to at the end of your while loop to skip the newline (and any blank lines that might occur).
The building is in a strip mall across from Carnegie Coffee Company.
The peking pork was fried to perfection and the sauce was very tasty.
If the request is ajax, I want to return only the partially rendered html, otherwise I want to return the fully rendered html page.
cannot convert argument 2 from 'std::string *' to 'std::string' Not sure why this is happening, it seems like everything is lined up the way it should be unless there is something I am missing.
Pita Land, olive you.\n\nI don't know why I don't come here everyday.\n\nIt's a great little market, where you can get delicious Mediterranean/Lebanese/Middle Eastern groceries.
Your whole code should be sperated into independent apps (separation of concern) and you need to define 2 "project wide" apps (site and utils): the site app can depend on any other app.
See the reflection tutorial for more on this:
But I'm all about their jewelry and housewears.\n\nI always stop down at Crabtree and Evelyn, I'm so afraid this place is going to go out of business.
Gallo Miller is one of the best auto body repair shops I have ever used!
Registration can be a hassle and occasionally slow, and classes go really fast so don't procrastinate when registration opens.
If u have to lay over.
Web service response is null, but SOAP message response is valid I am writing a web service starting with writing the WSDL.
For information on how to print to the log, check this out.
Tessaro's can handle a crowd, they've been doing it for years.
They package everything so well and ship it quickly!
This was our second time at Blue and it was just as good as the first time.
In your after drawer layout and list are found call: From the Javadoc : Enable or disable interaction with the given drawer.
Unfortunately there is no compatible way between 1.9 and 2.0 as the public constructors of were removed in 2.0 and I added a in SDN 3.0 / Neo4j 2.0.
When I attempt to initialize a SpreadSheetService object: I get the exception related to the class com.google.common.collect.Maps: My IDE is Eclipse ADT, I have imported the google api libraries as per Google Sheets Api , both with this method described there or adding external jars, obtaining the same results.
You don't want to use here because this does add an empty chapter to the course.
However this is a lot of perpetual manual work.
\""You're in the hot seat tonight.
Using Selenium RC, whenever I need to download a file using my web page, I have used the save option as default and saved it in the same selenium profile.
Supermarket meat needs to be cooked well done because the supermarket butcher probably rarely washes his hands.\n\nI've tried the sliced filet mignon, the filet \""cooked to order\"", the lobster bisque, and the crab cocktail at Capital.
I have been climbing at IP for the last year and I have nothing but great things to say about it.\n\nThe venue: Beautiful-clean ...a little warm at times but nothing heart-attack inducing.
You could use to throttle the amount of tasks currently running.
I feel most at home here, it even smells Asian!
Our table got a freebie of teriyaki shrimp (maybe they do this for all tables?).\n\nOur party had the chicken and steak selections, all good.
Coming from the suburbs, I'd never seen restaurants done like that (except tacky imitations).\n\nLuckily for students and other carfree residents, it's on the 71C route and close to the 71A!
You would expose it as an , but not just returning it directly: Since you indicated you only wanted traversal of the list, this is all you need.
get a different one each time but they are to die for.
No Code duplication or double iteration anymore.
The main problem I'm finding is if I set a rule that was triggered only by the first job.
Seriously folks, I have been looking for the equal to their steamed dumplings EVERYWHERE (including Chicago's Chinatown) and cannot find any I like nearly as well.
Can anyone shed light on this issue?
The gates open a good bit before the game, but people will be waiting in line to get the best seats.
So I found a solution that obliged me to naturally loop through all the divs that are not hovered, but the problem now is since every divs (including the one hovered last) is not hovered, they all get the animation (thus creating a visual bug because the aside is placed absolute and behind the image) while i'd like it to be only on the first one.
Returning from that method allows you to prevent the open dialog from being closed:
I'm guessing this database user was imported into my database server (SQL Server 2008 R2) but for some reason isn't showing up in the user list in the security sections).
\n\nAnyway, both are fine institutions, depending on your flavor.
The first one looks for a element that has the class name "c".
\n\nThey guys there have been unfailingly cool, honest, and affordable but it's also good to know that you're less likely to get screwed here than at a locallly-owned or non-chain joint because they have a corporate structure to complain to if need be.
I have been to most of the great restaurants in New York City over the past 30 years, and that statement stands.\n\nJust fabulous.
French Press, Drip, espresso, or pour over?
You have to initialize collection before using it like i.e.
I have deployed above 2 profiles in 2 different containers as follows, Then it is not working properly because Tock bundle cannot resolve its dependency of Tick Bundle which is exposed by Tick Bundle (because those bundles are in two different containers).
Osteria Coco in front is the and I believe meaa luna too.Really good Northern Italian Food
\n\nGreat service, good selection and some great specials.
FreeCol , an open source clone of the classic Sid Meier game, Colonization.
I'm new to android.How do i solve this error?.Thanks.
Then, finally, your problem is solved with a median filter, some basic morphological tools, and statistics (mostly for the Otsu thresholding, which is already done for you).
we also ordered the hash browns for the table to share.
I was not disappointed today, with the grilled cheese.
Let's assume your model has a attribute, Try doing this in your action Now when you will load the new action, you will see populated in your text field because your object is initialized with this value.
\n\nOverall id say bring your wallet- my meal with two drinks and an appetizer was about $60.
Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got cheese in my tummy.\n\nThis place is very compact.
Some of the MiddleWares of OpenNI allow finger tracking.
What is the best way to allow simultaneous edits?
Need help on a specific Regex I want to validate an attribute of an xml file with an XSD file.
In a servlet i get the imagine inside a type="file" field in a jsp page.
\n\nBe aware that many local high schools & MAC practice here in the evening and the place gets crowded, especially the parking lot.\n\nThe women's locker room is nothing to write home about, but it does have individual shower stalls with curtains and a couple of hair dryers.
Originally we had wanted to go to the Oakland one but it was a total mob scene and tried this location instead.\n\nThe Food: \nFattening, delicious, huge and cheap: every diner should aspire to this!
The kind of food and place you want to head when you cheat on your diet, watch some footbal and chat up with the locals.\nThe staff was very good.
But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna
If have a separate test set, you can compute the distance to the instances in the training set with : You can use this distance matrix to knn-classify your vectors as follows.
You can find more info here; Good luck with the template.
Any advice to make it right?
Great variety of tastes and the caribbean chicken gumbo is excellent!\n- Substitutes?
For example in this link you can see how you can access to a servlet from android project.
I had a enjoyable dinner ...
The syntax is a bit different, however.
No, you can't change at runtime.
\n\nA HUGE tip for the ladies: if you use the restroom downstairs make sure you lock the door with the large latch lock that slides UP!
Compiler warning at C++ template base class I get a compiler warning, that I don't understand in that context.
And at only $7 for a huge meal it's a great value, too.
At the registration time i wanted if side is left then my left count will increment and side is Right then my right is increment and both side is filled then their sponcor will increment...
Jquery must have a way to do this.
You can start looking at developer tools of chrome where you can understand more about rendering of html elements..
\n\nThe bar itself has two floors, and the upstairs is usually more rockin' than the downstairs--more people, louder music, etc.
I have a general rule of thumb when picking out an auto repair shop:\n\nThe \""office\"" must be very messy and grease and dirt must be everywhere.
Wednesday nights are nice and small, and Leather and Lace is good if you like dancing around a lot of people.
Running a JSF-2 page using embedded Jetty?
I stuck to the non meat dishes, and while there isn't a large selection vegetarian options, they'll occasionally offer a veggie-kabob on request.
Create data by combining query results in Django I have a 1-n relation in my models, e.g., 1 classroom - n students.
That should be an update query instead of an insert query: Also note that: You're using a deprecated API.
This is still O(n), and in my case the majority of the bits are off in both masks.
It is a breaking change to change a field to a property.
I had my birthday dinner here a few years ago.
I tried to define and use the following libraries: then I defined signals like: then I wanted to do the following subtraction: But it gives me error on the "-" operator.
For the SQL please check my edit
you're hit with a massive buffet of brunch items.
\n\nLike Nicole, I appreciate them sending out the free CFL bulbs.
The top is torched like creme brulee and it comes with whip cream and berries.
Try using the iconv to convert the encoding.
Technically you could also use the map in MapKit as an but it would have to be hosted online.
Seriously, as a tourist on my first trip to Pittsburgh for a Steelers game this hotel made everything way to damn easy.
The carpet should be removed because I've been coming here for years and it's always been the same, and only gotten darker.
Here's the migration schema: offer_days This forms the basis of the relationships and the data we have got.
Normally you'd just get a 404, but the rules you have after the picture rewrite mishandles the URI and returns a 500 server error.
I installed the latest Heroku toolbelt with no change.
But there, webkitfullscreenchange event is fired on enter and exit.
If your static lib is another project in the same solution as the project that links to the lib, then you need to set a dependency between the two projects so that the build process will build the lib first and the other project second.
This does not have the (B&F) area like Southpark, and I usually find a few better deals at the Dillard's Southpark Store in the B&F Section.
It was warm (but not too warm) and sunny (but not too bright), and Williams-Sonoma's doors were thrown open, welcoming customers into a land of expensive kitchen gadgets and extravagant kitchen accessories.
It's also very awkward to write an application in, as it was designed in large part to ease porting of applications written for Classic Mac OS.
They'll then get serialized automatically as part of the form.
Back then the Carolina Cyclone was the new coaster with a loop and two corkscrews.
The food here is crazy good.
The salmon was accompanied by a done-just-right potato pancake that I could eat ten times over.
\n\nI spent around $100 on products and for a haircut, wash, blow dry and style was $30 which is a great price!
(LAX is one of the few reasons I hate to travel)\n\nGo to the Body Shop if you are bored (center of the airport).
Of course the freshly baked tortillas were fattening and awesome.
(also I am using SQLite3 and python 2.7)
The pizza really is very good.
One of my pages has a link to a mp3 which I should download directly from my app, so using a downloadlistener like this: is not good for me, because it launches the default browser before actually donwloading the file.
I can also read and write AT commands from Qt application by opening an FD(File descriptor) and then executing commands.
server and client on laptop) then it is working properly.
I am new to Amazon Services and tried to run the application in Amazon EMR.
Or using @Brandon Bertelsen's example data
HTML both the Customer_id and Cus-_email field's are set as unique on the bd, however, records keep inserting into the db.
Nice overall atmosphere, the fireplace and comfy chairs are very inviting.
This is the best pizza I have found in Pittsburgh so far.
In terms of generic things to know I suggest you read a book, so you get one consistent message explaining all the basics.
Not just because of the great food - like hot dogs, pizza, burgers, salads.
\n\nThey have also expanded their menu--sesame tofu, General Tso's tofu, etc.
We've eaten here well over a dozen times and have always enjoyed our experiences here.\n\nThe sandwiches are killer!!!!
Get child element distance from parent top Let's say I have an element inside a scrollable div and the scroll was set to show that element in the viewport.
Or is it enough to rely on SendMessage() to cover the thread-safety matter when accessing the control?
I've found in SO which solves the indexing problem by using: It works fine, but looks pretty horrible needing to manually index the whole matrices for what it seems a pretty simple operation (using one matrix as a index mask for the last channel).
This variable always comes first in the expression.
The output is rather long but here are the lines that took more time.
I was going to ask him if they were contacts, until I realized who it was.\""\n\nPerhaps needless to say, I proceeded to spend most of the rest of dinner imagining what it would be like to have dinner with Christian Bale, but each time I was brought back to reality by a bite of my tasty burger.
Perfection by themselves....they come with several fillings and toppings but I decided to go with my wait person's recommendation.
I need to do repeated runs of floating point math over these arrays in 'chunks', over and over again over the same arrays (about 1000 times), and I wonder if I should define them locally.
Instead, you should out array elements.
There are internal complications when a containing function stores a pointer to a contained function, and when multiple levels of nesting are allowed, but compiler writers have been dealing with those issues for over half a century.
\n\nThey also have a bread card where you buy 12 loaves, you get one free.
As soon as I remove the @Html.PartialView("MyPartialView") and include it in the body of the document, it loads fine.
I've also had the smoked turkey and brisket sandwiches which were both great- authentic, tasty, with a nice smokey flavor to them.
They will validate your garage parking for one hour, and the mints in a jar at the cash register are delicious.\n\nI would highly recommend Little Tokyo, especially over Sushi Two (or Three, I never can remember) on Beverly Road.
Default Center call (swift) Very much notifications (hundreds / thousands within a few seconds) Example Thanks for any hint!
With celiac disease, I was very happy to see they've added gluten free pasta to their menu.
The answer was therefore to put this line after the requestFocus line:
I was a little disappointed that the downstairs is completely all smoking tables since that seems to be where it is the liveliest but in all reality, it wasn't that smoky so we ended up eating downstairs anyway.
If it's only a one-way bind you're after, you could also create a bind that extends the binding:
C++ : Sometimes you need to introduce an extra brace level of scope to reuse variable names when it makes sense to do so: The code above doesn't compile.
The crepes are always cooked to perfection and the coffee is absolutely amazing.
So far, I have something like this:
Very casual, comfortable place, a little further off campus.
I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.
I'm trying to set up a many-to-many mapping between this class and a Tag class.
\n\nOk, so really you should go to this place - if you like peel and eat shrimp, cold drinks by the river, and occasionally a keyboardist who plays and sings in the background pretty quietly.
That's the first time that's ever happened to me.
Access Query Hangs w/ Where instead of Join on Memo field Access 2013 I'm trying to build a record ID crosswalk table, "Final Crosswalk", I need to join Data.Reason = 1 Clean Reasons.Reason, but it's a memo field - thus the Where statement.
I am very new to Assembly programming and to learn NASM I decided to try and write a prime number testing.
I took many of your opinions into account (so I won't be commenting on each answer separately) and finally got it working like this: Thank you for your rapid help!
There is likely something very easy and very obvious that I'm missing, but barring that, how can I enable more extended logging to see where it is breaking down?
So I scored 4 cookies and 2 lil cakes.
Why I am getting the error?
As there were around 50 when I was there, the room looked full but you could still get to the bar for a drink, which is always a good thing.
The pop corn crawfish was meaty and had a slight hint of spice to it not salty or anything.
However, I cannot get it to move incrementally.
I need to use this Food class and output 3 different files, using variations of these 20 fields.
how do I use new App ID & secret ID without affect the existing access token First, I have use Facebook App ID &amp; Secret ID, then Login with Facebook and get Access token, I have changed the my Facebook App ID &amp; Secret ID, but, affect the existing user Access token.
Any idea or discussion will be appreciated, thanks in advance.
Put still good being sweet and garlicky.
Turning minification off and looking at the output Javascript reveals: Manually replacing it after compiling with: fixes the issue.
With all of the TVs and sports paraphernalia it seems like it'd be a great spot to watch a game, although I've never been during the day.
I ate the lamb chops - unbelievable!
You can take advantage of the kinect interactions for that in an inderect way.
(I use eclipse "validate" option to test it for now) however while testing I got what I think is a wierd error if I do changing the order of the lines, Eclipse refuses to validate it ...
And of all the brunch places in all the world, this one came walking into my life.\n\nHere's the deal that can't be beat: an unlimited Breakfast buffet with smoked salmon, eggs Benedict, an omelet station, and a frozen mimosa for $15.
Try it - you might find that you like it too.
Unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.
Try waiting for window's event, it waits until all iframes have loaded.
There is some real magic happening behind that counter.
I went to Mert's for lunch based off the reviews here and recommendations from coworkers.
We were the last patrons before closing at 2, and despite them sweeping and putting up chairs, nobody ever chased us out or even looked at us askance.
Whether you're native or a newcomer to Charlotte, I would highly recommend a trip to Levine Museum of the New South.
This division in data representations is just a matter of conventions and software-oriented representations rather than a matter of regression logic itself?
They have the items on the menu in the store which is a huge plus.
In your code there is which isn't list item and haven't list styles.
I like both better than Smith and Wollensky, Butcher and Singer, Ruth's Chris, Sullivan's, and The Palm.
I had the kobe beef on one occasion, which was very pricey, and found it to be absolutely awful.
Now I am showing column name in one column and column data in another column, I want to add functionality if I drag one row to third column, Then column structure will be modified and that row will be added to new column.
My solution is like that, but it does not work Sorry for my poor English.
I want to reduce this effect, so that the eyes nicely blend with face and resulting image won't look fake.
I've tried to determine the nature of the values and treated text and numbers separately.
My friend got really nice brown boots here that look really classy for only $89.
This code will work only if you have already set the default number of rows of your textarea in HTML, through the attribute.
Heinz, including a stunning music box and watch piece.\n\nBut as much as I enjoy natural science, I really love art.
Lets say we have a user and he has multiple libraries.
MYSQL Nested Query with two select I have: I want to perform nested query to select the following in one row: How can I perfom the second select in the same query to be printed in the same row after Model.
The coffee was hot and good.
Too many people for my liking.\nIt is the hub for US Airways and thus flights in and out are frequently delayed, as I have experienced too many times to count on this airline.
Try start cmd /k to run the bat in new window.
Like the first Marriot we stayed on the outbound part of our trip, there were waffle makers, but these weren't self-serve.
Like I am using google search box, so whenever user will type some place and click on search, it will display all the nearby physiotherapist according to that input.
Hence from a "machine" point of view, it is immediate as in the same execution context: your browser will not render anything in between.
Unity - Share Intent We are developing an app in which after taking a screenshot users will be able to share it on social networks, (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram,..
Next door to Charleston Convention Center.
Information about Lasso releases is available at Documentation and Community The LassoGuide site is the official location for Lasso 9's documentation, while a language reference for all versions is at LassoDocs , and an active archive of the LassoTalk mailing list is also available.
I am taking advantage of one of these perks next year and will update this review to see whether or not my investment was worth it.\n\nSadly however, they don't always inform you of special name entertainment unless you are a donor.
-> arguments tab ->typing a port number (I used 12345) -> click run).
We were glad to be finishing!
Kimmie was awesome though, she KNOWS how to cut a guys hair.
If i am wrong, an explanation why my assumptions are wrong would be nice.
I bought a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans (in my size) for $5.
My web.xml is like this When i m trying to run the java code on server i.e Apache server, I'm getting error HTTP Status 404 i am not able to find why i am getting this server error My code is all about invoking the servlet from java application
Cheers, my app needs to send the contents of a NSData object to a webserver as a parameter of a GET request.
Do not add fish sauce to stuff- it almost ruined my Tram's proclivity forever.\n\nGood place to get a spicy hot soup in the winter if you're cold.\n\nSeems good for large groups.
But I bet you can't get them to tell you where their seafood came from .
Who says donuts and Lebanese food don't go together?!
This is what I have: My problem was that I am not able to save the images to the hard disk.
ints are 4 bytes, which is enough for your requirements:
The permanent exhibit traces the history of Charlotte from the Civil War to the present-day.
It happens to be conveniently located down the street from us and was recommended by a friend.
They're for sure my go to sub shop.
Your relational and object models might have one-to-many and many-to-many relationships; Hibernate can help with those.
:)\n\nAlso, I've had the catfish and chicken here, but my favorite meat at Mert's is the ribs.
I would suggest you this approach: Split string by white spaces: .
The room a/c didn't feel cool enough but granted we came from Northern Virginia where heat wasn't turned on at night.
Jalape\u00f1o Bacon and Basil Mayo...don't get me wrong, this isn't a high end establishment but that was a damn good sandwich.
It also allows you to put JavaScript and AJAXy stuff in the template itself which mimics the separation between client and server.
The basic layout I'm trying to achieve is this: The window view has a class of which is a subclass of .
anglularJs custom directive not loading I am trying to create a custom directive in the below manor: my main html file: my app.js file: my ajs-directive.js file: And my data-table.html file: The issue I have is that nothing renders in my main html file.
Owner Brian Carey mans the bar and keeps the casual atmosphere going with lighthearted banter.
CHECK_LIBRARY_EXISTS library with dependencies I'm using cmake to build my c++-project that uses a library that is located in my "/usr/local/bin/" directory.
This place is a one-man-shop with two barber chairs, and I knew that going in.
This method works in about 8/9 times out of 10 and I can actually get the correct value the wheel stops at but I can't really understand why sometimes the value is off (and sometimes really off, not even near the correct value).
The answer to this is quite simple.
I have to agree with all the other yelpers, this is a GREAT burger.
Hubby and I stopped here thinking we'd just have a few beers and grab a bite to eat, but we were surprised to say the least.
The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing, packed with dark, milk and white chocolate and cooked to just crispy perfection.
In general: this is useful regarding PC internals, SO, drivers, an encoding systems.
Session data storing and fetching fails in Chrome The site's form has to use obfuscated names for account and password input fields.
Enterprise is all I've used for years and I don't see myself ever changing.
Sounds very pedestrian, sure, but it was far from ordinary.
Can anyone please provide me answers on the above mentioned questions.
for the rest, just use CSS
Of course I've done some basic check to know if my data was set before sending it, and it seems that it was.
More \""delis\"" should take a lesson in how to be good from this place.
BBQ King is all the reviewers say and more.
Note that you can only fail tasks that are not critical, so you must construct your critical tasks carefully, or have a priority system whereby critical tasks have a chance to complete no matter what.
I need a my hood bar to have a good selection of beer (I accept Yuengling and hopefully a rotating seasonal list) and good bar food.
I don't know how to do it.
Clean very clean present people $2.10 for shirts and I hate doing launder at a mat but if I have to then I will do it hear.
First off - where I'm from, brewery tours are free and there isn't a limit of beers that you can try.
As far as campus bars go, this is as good as it gets.
\n\nI kept my expectations at bay before dining here.
Definitely the place to go for a special occasion.
The video screens show classic 80's shots and commercials which brings me back.
Use UNION : In the above query identical rows from different tables will be presented as one row.
Redfin Blues makes me miss you Pittsburgh!
This place is one of the closest things that reminds me of an urban-artsy feel that I'm used to in Southern CA.
Customer service at the desk was great.
You'll need to keep polling to see if it's still alive, otherwise your main application will become unusable.
And be sure to kick the friend who thinks it's ok to talk over the music.
So when smoke started coming out from under the hood, I was pissed and fearful of taking it to a car repair shop.
Please someone help me to clean this bug~ Thanks
Byte code version mismatch when using subset I have been working on the same R script now for 5 months, had some minor coding problems, but this morning I got a problem that makes me unable to run the whole script.
Combine Columns in CSV file using JAVA I want to combine columns in csv file using java here in this file i want combine first two columns "Product No" and "Product Name".
matchbox-keyboard is an on-screen keyboard that I am currently using in a touchscreen kiosk to allow users to enter some basic input for doing searches etc.
Handsome devoured his burger and home fries.
So you can uses an App Access Token.
For example, if you have: you only have one person, but you sometimes call him Robert and sometimes call him Bob.
The after the name is the function call operator.
I would not have known about this place had it not been for the Holiday Groupon.
My favorite, though, is the schnitzel liechtenstein, with sauerkraut and potato pancakes.
The waiting area itself was exquisite and already gave rich history of the property and the people who had lived there.
Charlotte you aren't that subruban are you?
This code you posted is a bit difficult to understand the goal, if you could clear this, I can help you better.
The simplest(not the most optimized way) is: For more information check the previously mentioned article.
There's even pre-assembled eggs benedict, which I expected to be a mess but they were perfect.
You should use the getter, because if your class moves to a more complex logic in the getter, then you will be insulated from the change.
I dined there for breakfast and two dinners.\n\nFor breakfast I had two eggs, bacon, biscuits and home fries.
but it tasted great to me and I was very happy about my choice.\n\nOur server was very prompt and took care of our refills.
How to immediately know if connection is lost with Socket.IO?
Many-to-many relationships have been tripping me up.
`i don't know why this happens.
Check , especially the answer with the class.
You should have a Source and Design button in your project, so when you select Design button, it lets you update properties of all objects.
So in Django the two lines of url code below work the same: AFAIK, the only difference is I can define so I can use it for reversing url.
If DateTimeType were an attribute, this could be done conveniently using conditional type assignment.
\n\nGirasole is a wonderful treat amongst Pittsburgh's restaurant scene and never fails to deliver a delicious meal and a wonderful dining experience!
The rest room lines are long but move quickly enough so that you can return to your seat in time for the 2nd act.\n\nThey also offer some VIP packages where you get special \""perks\"" along with better seating for more money.
On C float (or double) arrays small enough to fit in L1 or L2 cache (about 16k), and whos size I know at compile time, is there generally a speed benefit to define them within the function they are used in, so they are stack variables?
\n\nAlso, their cost was very fair.
C ordered corned beef hash and was delighted to find that they mix in grilled onions.\n\nHighly recommended.
I have several test cases in a test suite and before I was running the test suite in the Mac Terminal like this: Running the command this way my directory was being populated with .pyc files.
In such a case you simply have to adapt to the scale of your data, e.g.
Love this dinning experience and will come back very soon :D
We saw Dr.Simard who is amazing, she was very kind and empathetic with regard to our situation.
I'm from the south, so it is very reminescent of Waffle House- which is awesome.
I know that she will take good care of Sammie whenever I drop her off.
They actually ground up the beans in front of us.
That's not always something you see immediately when selecting a vehicle.
They have decent burgers and a fair selection of beers.
zbar sdk view third party library error in Xcode 5 I am using z bar SDK in x code 5 when i am archiving its getting following errors
Love love love me some Monterrey.
How to get the selected radio button value from five radio buttons in android?
Assuming that identifyArrayCollection is an ArrayCollection containing some Objects and speedsArrayCollection is an ArrayCollection defined as variable of the Object type that are contained in the identifyArrayCollection you should do:
*****this place has changed their name, its now cabo\""
We had a long table next to the waterfall on the first floor.
I was there for breakfast, and had eggs, bacon, homefries, toast and a pancake.
Burger was good and staff was friendly.
Sure, that's usually how they're done, but you can join on anything (that's one of the big positives of a relational database).
navBar not fading out I'm writing a script in order for the navBar to go in on certain place and disappear on that same place.
In the following code, why isn't the copy constructor called twice?
But it was pretty awesome to get to try every dessert on the menu!
So my question is what is difference between and .
I was not able to find an elegant solution online, so I just avoided the issue by removing the XmlTypeAttribute from the proxy class manually after I auto-generated it in Visual Studio.
So I have googled for relevant examples but they cant seem to debug properly with my existing codes.
Given that the Gruntfile is located in parent/aurora/Gruntfile.js, I'd like to configure Grunt to do the following when the build command is executed: copy the entire project directory into parent/build/aurora EXCEPT /parent/aurora/node_modules once the directory haas been copied, create a zip file and delete the directory
\n\nI ordered the Chicago Dog all the way and a brat.
it should display as, ---------------------- ->Headers |c1|c2|c3|c4|c5| |c6|c7|c8|c9|c10| ---------------------- ->value1 |va1|va2|va3|va4|va5| |va6|va7|va8|va9|va10| ---------------------- ->value2 |vb1|vb2|vb3|vb4|vb5| |vb6|vb7|vb8|vb9|vb10| .
I have 2 foo records and 2 bar records: foos: and my bar records: The request to my api would come in with email: requestEmail@example.com.
Here's an alternative for you: German's use as the date separator.
Actually, I was surprised at how moist and delicious a sandwich laden down (in the best possible way) with cheese, cold cuts, cole slaw and french fries could be.
Even though it was busy when we were there, the servers were funny, had a good attitude, and our food came promptly.
Booze and Bait,what more do you want?
I forgot to pack my heavy duty equipment to style my hair, and when I say heavy duty equipment I really mean it.
LogonUser works only for my domain I need to impersonate a user using C#.
The food is always fresh and the service is also good, plus you cannot beat the price.
I'd like the up and the left key to do the same, but in reverse, so scroll back up the page those same 1000 pixels.
I save session data as school IDs so it can be passed on in the comparing table after choosing the schools.
Only prob in Java mAdView.loadAd(adRequest) Unknown class:'adRequesr' Cannot resolve symbol loadAd
It's hard to find a good auto repair place where you won't get taken advantage of.
We order 2 large pies, one just mozz, the other sausage & bacon, for delivery on a Saturday evening.
It must have been an off night before.
If it won't work, I've got one more idea.
They also offer sandwiches, homemade jelly, and coffee, but I've not tried any of them.
This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.
The pizza is really great (I stopped ordering from anywhere else).
I've been to this place a couple of times.I recommend the mixed maharani tandoori entree that consists of shrimp, lamb, chicken, and salmon served with a salad and rice.
The answer suggested in the comment by @h0lyalg0rithm is an option to go.
We enjoyed eight courses (7 dinner + 1 dessert course), each one subtle and well-seasoned and incredibly fresh.
Please don't just add a .
Very nice airport a lot of selections of food we stopped at Sbarro's to grab something to eat.
Using App Links tags or Open Graph tags (as suggested by some FB literature) did not solve the problem.
Now the question is, is there a way to get to work with the version of python I have selected with ?
I couldn't find anything useful on google.
Did you check on your server?
For example, the WonTon soup has some fresh spinach leaves in it.
If I change the server side code to the following I can see the error message.
Lunch on a Wednesday with 4 people.
The way I see it, a command needs to run seperate from the daemon, and I don't understand where or how this command should run.
\n\nFor the food quality and attention to detail the prices are also extremely reasonable.
His dad had something spicy and in marinara sauce...looked godd.
I visited Italy recently and when I came back I decided I wanted to try to find some similar quality Italian food here in Pittsburgh now that my standards are higher after having the real deal.
The new Entity Framework Code First approach is incredibly simple and powerful in my opinion
If you haven't added a breakpoint there yourself there might be an exception breakpoint in your project, catching all uncaught exceptions.
Pho rice noddles served along side crunchy and light bean sprouts.
When second parameter added won't getting any out put
I want read the configuration parameter value and then adjust it with the method I wrote above.
Great location, close to the convention center and many fine restaurants in the Strip District.
Then build the same request in another tool you can automate Or Use SoapUi to consume the WSDL for this web service .
The merge says that no changes occurred.
I am not an expert on Indian food so I can't tell you how authentic it is, but I can tell you that it is delicious.
But the service was even better.
It is the only fitness facility in the Lake Norman area, that I am aware of, with a 50 meter pool.
Well, whether or not there is a better way to extract two tokens than by calling GetToken twice seems irrelevant because one of your requirements is: (the class shall have) a method that subtracts exactly ONE token from your number of tokens So, it seems you are stuck with two calls.
If that's your cause, this should be one of the first places to support.\n\nHere's why:\n\n* Any budding filmaker in Charlotte needs to see the Criterion Collection movies from Visart.
\nWe shared two entrees: the DOC margherita pizza and a pasta special of the evening - penne with a lamb ragu.
And in fact, the pros of Mardi Gras far outweigh these things.
You can try like this by CAST ing it to VARBINARY like
Here is a zones where zoom works (madness is that left and top zone in the svg has working zoom):
Can you please look into this?
My mother also got a frozen coffee, and I think I wound up drinking all of it for her.\n\nThe cookies that were there also were great.
The price was $12.25 which is a little high for lunch but it was very enjoyable.
My partner and I both had the Tip Top burgers and they were wonderful.
Getting straight to the point, what I understand till now (from a newby stand of point is this): CodeIgniter + Doctrine + Twigg = Symfony: Zend + Doctrine + Twigg = Symfony Symfony 2, uses php5.3 (I realy like namespace stuff remind me .Net) but it lucks of tutorials right now (only partial jobeet translation to ver2) I enjoy CI community and noumerous tutorials, plus using Doctrine + Twigg I could achive the same with Symfony.
Here is a quick method that can split the lines into two parts: will use many memory for large dataset, here is another method that find all zero points.
While I'm not going to crave this food, it was pretty good.
With the change in law, I'm sure the atmosphere has improved!
Not quite one line, but will work script output
Delicious Southern food!\n\nThe cornbread was so good.
When I asked him for a recommendation, he suggested the J.P.
Swift 2.3: Is there a way to figure out the state of Location Services, Location Updates?
It is a big bowl with beans, and rice if you desire, a wonderfully spicy tomato sauce base.
Problem 1 - jenssegers/mongodb v3.0.0 requires mongodb/mongodb ^1.0.0 -> satisfiable by mongodb/mongodb[1.0.0, 1.0.1].
Will definitely be ordering a full size of this cake with gelato for upcoming big parties we will host.
one person ordered the moroccan chicken, another the salmon, another the duo of wild boar, two of us had filet a la blue, there was another steak and another fish too.
I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.
If i pass objectSid=* ass filter, i get all results, so i know the query is working :).
Our server was friendly and efficient.
Remove back button from SearchView in toolbar AppCompat How can I remove the back button icon when search view shows up in Toolbar (AppCompat)?
This was a good steak, folks: tremendous flavor and perfectly cooked.
This happens because you are running in 'this' context.
SHAREPOINT 2007 LLISTS created by helpdesk.wsp I am given a task to make a feature that autogenerates a ticket ID for a list.
here is the pseudo-code So once an object of type A has been created, I would like it to access a() and b().
My index is this: This works fine when first loaded.
Here is the step by step procedure to get you started: Step 1: Download Solr.
All you seem to be doing is adding a column to DF2?
In fact, all you do is taste the various textures, from the small clumps of cheese, to the noodles which are just cooked past al dente, but not much after.
I felt a little guilty because I adore duckies but damn was it tasty.
Here is one way to achieve this by folding within the and an appropriate (kind-of) State accumulator (a tuple here) I go read the file, the first byte will be read as a and the other will be appended to a as UTF-8 bytestrings.
I just need this explaining to me so that I understand it Many Thanks the code I am using for uploading the image is below
It's a nice small and authentic market that's just one block off the main strip.
How does the Android O.S know to choose this application?
Pho Minh is a lot closer to the real deal, but their pho selection is really small.\n\nThis has been the best bowl of pho I've had in Pittsburgh, and the four stars is totally relative for the 'burgh.
To get the data, just parse the substring keeping a count of opening brackets.
I really enjoyed their french toast.
I am trying to wrap my head around which payment service to use as this is the first time I am creating a service with money transactions involved.
Make sure that you use sp_executesql properly to prevent SQL injection attacks.
Holy cow, they have excellent food!
But I need to pass arguments to this script file.
You can do this by saving it in a database or file.
The nacho appetizer was great; the beef strips appetizer was not quite up to par for the price.
Swap the 2nd character with the next-to-last I have to change the 2nd letter with penultimate letter for word with more than 3 letters.
If this person sends me an APK file, I can download it straight to my phone, and it works perfectly.
in fact, prantl's is so famous for them, you can order them online!
Is there a better way to handle this than I am below?
I am learning WPF, and I've run into a term called "Attached Event".
Marking Ilya Kobelevskiy's answer as correct as it demonstrates one way to do it, but again, it should come with a warning when used with static objects.
We're really lucky they distribute it in Pittsburgh.
We came across Anne Gregory online and quickly made an appointment.
Apparently they have a $5 \""express lunch\"" that includes a 1/2 sandwich and soup or salad.
Looking forward to coming back during the holiday season.
Try this: Explained: matches a word boundary matches a word character applies to the and it indicates that at least 3 and at most 16 characters should be matched.
Because: Scope of a Declaration of the generic type is the class , this includes the method .
Believe me, that's a talent in its own given the amount of products they have here.\nPersonally I think SC should put Frugal MacDoogal down as a tourist attraction.
But they do a fabulous job and it's super easy to park in the garage, hop out and enter in \""650\"" on the key pad and someone will let you in through the back door.
Convert google map url to coordinates I want to convert this google map url " to just value of latitude and longitude.
\nNext the place is in Wholey Fish Market, Wholey gets fresh fish daily, so you know his sushi is going to be some of the freshest in Pittsburgh.\nFinally, the price, load up on Andy's rolls and sashimi for the fairest price in the city.
The value must not contain any space characters.
You could hack together a macro using , , and/or (the latter being another compiler extension, but supported on GCC and MSVC among others) to name the fields for you, if you really wanted to.
The soups are delicious - the stuffed pepper is to die for.
I just Find a solution to walk-through this problem.
I prefer the bar seating and service, usually.
Would this be considered as a wide character or as 2 separate bytes which would be made into two wide characters?
Any one faced the same issue before ?
Also, I am trying to avoid using an EAR.
Stacey, the property manager, has been very responsive any email I send her and goes out of her way to make tenants' lives easier.
I also check into the file but everything looks ok When I run I get I'm at a lost as to how to fix this.
If you're more adventurous, I recommend the beef tongue!
Very good and not overly stuffy.
My intentions are to utilize: -a BackgroundProcessingService extend Service -a CountDownTimer Can anyone help me with a basic auto user logout program?
The people are great, there is a wonderful community of shoppers/owners, the selection is more than adaquate, and the atmosphere is just perfect.
myClass The output I am getting is: Why is the print in the constructor not outputting to the command line?
Android Google Maps, how to create navigation between 2 points I want to create a Map activity (FragmentActivity) that displays a Google Map and shows navigation between 2 points.
javascript could compare it before being myName.length + 1
I have overwritten the method inside my custom window class.
Definitely on the \""grab lunch eat at my desk\"" rotation.
It's true what they say about the horses though, you have to be careful where you walk!
I don't have permission to put sqlserver .dll file on java library path or system 32 or even to set path to machine.
But besides this, is there any other differences?
While certainly the do is most important, the little things count as well.
If someone would be kind enough to guide me through this example, i.e., where inputs and outputs are going, I'd appreciate it.
I particularly recommend the Arugula salad, salmon and dill appetizer, and the scallop and grits entree, though you really can't go wrong.
"Global" means global to the module.
Sometime, you may have to wait 15-20 minutes for the machine to free.
Great if you are looking for a no frills place that is still comfy, but doesn't look like you landed in Skid Row.
i have been to blue about 4 times, i think, and i've never been disappointed.
The wild boar itself, was absolutely to die for.
Can some one guide me in this ?
Raise beer, tip glass, put back down.
We need to create two separate partials notifications/_habits &amp; notifications/_values .
Upon opening the doors to Lidia's, the interior was bustling...
Is there any way to configure Eclipse to include the above directories?
I have explored solutions such as rabbitmq / gearman etc, but am unable to figure them out.
Not being able to wait until the wedding, we've actually ordered small cakes for every occasion preceding the event because the cake is just that good.
You can use Git hook for deployment after each commit.
At the end it appeared, that I got newer tomcat which has different version of jsp-api provided (in tomcat 7.0.60 and above it will be jsp-api 2.2).
And that was all I was really looking for!
But before my review, a word of warning - their hours on their website are completely inaccurate and not updated so don't go by the website alone.
The $2 up charge for Parmesan truffle fries is worth it!
Unfortunately, I can't seem to get a visible border around this row.
Your first script seems to work just fine with the latest Unicode version of AutoHotkey.
If I stick with your basic structure I can offer a slight improvement.
It manipulates dom elements, adds new ones, changes attributes (e.g.
One of my good friends introduced me to La Prima back in the late 90's.
The burritos don't have rice, which is weird and makes them messy, but I actually enjoy the result; more beans and meat is not a bad thing.
Is JHipster designed to operate this way in developer mode?
A third case (unrelated here, but for sake of completeness) are unsigned integer types: No overflow occurs (there are exceptions, however, e.g.
I have checked: and the below code is the result of my research.
FirstClass as a base class that has Name attribute, SecondClass as a derived class that the FirstClass is it's base class and has some other attributes and finally ThirdClass that is a derived class from SecondClass and it has some other attributes too.
I have a .net controller that accepts POST events.
Thank to Piotr Skotnicki for having pointed it out.
All Repositories in my application implement IRepository: I want to clarify that it is not the responsibility of my Repositories to add, update, or delete an entity from my uow, rather, I'll have the consuming code (maybe in a Service Layer) new up the uow, and then add directly to it...
We only write to it on the first iteration.
I cut the burger in half and managed to eat one of the halves along with about half the salad before I ran out of room.
Membership is definitely worth it if you're planning on going frequently.
Android 6.0 (API level 23) introduces two new AlarmManager methods: and .
But when the format is standard, that is,with the non-self-closing tags, the outerHTML will take the new HTML,and the page shows perfectly.This is why I would like to change the tags.
All that's left is to make sure that your protocol is "easy" to compress.
Having now been to a handful of shows here (most recently the touring version of Young Frankenstein), I am impressed with both the facility and the execution of service from all the house staff.
Is objective c static variable same as c static variable?
It uses the same approach that you do.
And this action will only be triggered once, therefor if there are 3 three tiny results on first load and they don't reach the bottom, function won't be triggered until you scroll the window.
The calamari is very fresh and the lightly battered zucchini mandolin sticks that go with it are a great complement, and the two sauces are excellent.
I'm glad to recommend Capitol Plumbing!
\n\nI got the Mongolian Beef which was the proper amount of spice.
I know there is a way to draw yellow lines for all view edges, but I can't find it.
Seared almost perfectly, with the rare flavor still intact.
Fixed my brakes, rotated and aligned tires, and changed my oil.
And perhpas you need to download this kind of data providor and have a try download them and have a try: ALinq .
This place is as holey in the wall as holes in the wall come.
I make the long trip across town when I need a half-slab.
Since, fried pickles don't exist in CA, I loved eating them while I was out in Charlotte.
I thought the rice they used was very good.
How to update Android in-app billing to the latest version?
Also wanted to buy a Turntable, they could not help me since they don't carry the brand but my sales Rep TW helped advised me and even directed me to a place which does TT sales in large scale.
First, some context: while answering questions on SO, I came across a post wherein the author had been trying to set a getter with syntax similar to .
\n\n1- I booked the block of rooms 3 months in advance via the 1-800 number on the website.
If the nice old ladies who volunteer at the shop find the area safe enough to work in, then you don't have anything to be afraid of.
We were not loud but pretty chatty and never felt rushed or uncomfortable.
Prototype is: Meaning, you'd use it like: Another option is the function which operates similarly.
In object-oriented PHP application, do I need to use check in almost every method in my application for security?
I even take them home with me to Baltimore.
If on the other hand your requirements are different from those of the original developers, you can branch the system and create your own separate version which you can then give back to the community.
How can i do it in asp.net.
\nWe ordered the red beans and rice, the lunch special, smoked pork chop, and the ribs appetizer.
If it was configured with target and user info objects, the receiver removes its strong references to those objects as well.
Interactive drawing with Fabric.js I am trying to do an interactive drawing using Fabric.js.
When I want a good burger, this is the place I visit.
They seem to be different things.
They had a buy one get one free special on their suits and I ended up getting two suits at a great price.
It was just so, so yummy.\n\nSalad course: Great salad!\n\nPasta course: So, I was slightly disappointed that they did not give us a choice.
We didn't want to drive in the snow so walked over to Soba on a Friday night and actually made reservations just an hour before (we prob won't get away with that on a non-stormy night).
Modifying an existing MVVM infrastructure by adding View State feature I'm going to introduce View State feature in the existing MVVM WPF Application.
\n\nNow that I'm back working in town again, I was ecstatic that I can get a fresh cup of fabulous flavored coffee every morning as I walk to work through Market Square.\n\nIf you are a high maintenance coffee person, this is the place for you!
Despite the wait (45 minutes) the owner (a sweet and thoughtful English woman) made every effort to accommodate us and move us up the list, even asking other patrons if they minded waiting just a couple more minutes.
I recommend parking on the street and feeding the meter instead.\n\nI guess my only real complaint about Green's is that it's not open on Sundays, unless the Panthers are at home.
I could override some mixins, but I was looking for other ways to do this.
The only complaint I had was the turkey, I had assumed (and I know you should never assume!) it would be fresh, shredded turkey like the the pork and beef, but it was the processed, sliced turkey breast meat chopped up.
image - set the class to TokenCell, then save
What it does is just dropping the file at the same place as the exe, not going into bin folder first.
The example above could be written something like this: This is incredibly fragile though.
I preferred the commercial one but if there is open source I am more than happy.
Nothing too fancy, just good 'ole Italian food, made in the kitchen right in front of you.
Here is a sample: You can also define a parameter at the level to take into account the provided header: Another thing is that Restlet allows to leverage beans directly at the level of server resource methods instead of or .
Nusoap converts the whole xml into array.
they focus on their pizza instead, and they do pizza very well.
I have unchecked "Delay sign only" and "Sign the assembly" on the Visual Studio project properties box, and rebuilt.
I like that the atrium area holds not only foods, bars, coffee shops, but also shopping wares.
The only one I can ever remember is the Friday Fish and Chips because it's always the special I want and it's never Friday when I'm there!
The atmosphere is still peaceful and quiet, and the wait staff efficient and polite.\n\nWe ordered four items off the menu: scallion pancakes, crab wontons, tangerine chicken and sesame shrimp.
\n\nThe first time I went to Upstream, it was for a company event and was just an awesome experience.
In essence, this is like three different cameras for the scene which are two be drawn on the screen.
Now, I am having problems stapling the said feature to Service Requests because it is currently under LLISTS and not LISTS.
A lot of professors stop here for lunch\n4.
My favorite dive on the Eastside of Madison.
Being a SPG gold member, we were put in a superior king room.
In the project's properties (right-click on project => Properties => Resource) there is a Text File Encoding section.
\n\nMy husband had the spicy duck and it had good flavor, although more of a 5 than 7 on a 1-10 spicy scale.
Here is my current code: Hub Code: Startup.cs: The error is being thrown at the client by jQuery...the last line from below is repeated 30+ times.
Seating was fast, the service was SUPER courteous and speedy.
I spent some time in Oklahoma, so I knew good BBQ, and when I got here, I was pleasantly surprised to discover Hickory River.
In IE for the first link the spinner appears and hangs.
www.domain.de/file.php should go to www.domain.de/file/ Not all php files, only a single predefined in this Case the file.php Thanks!
There aren't any of those college frat boys or belligerent drunks there, which is so great.
Is there a way for me to save all the data to the phone upon first retrieval after log in and just refer to the local data whenever I need it?
Even for trusted sources, PHP provides more access than is necessary to the whole environment of the web request.
he raves about them so....If you looking for a nice place to watch a football or hockey game or just craving some good food I highly suggest it!
I have a register-class using tree-map that generates the next customer-number using this code: When I generate customers in my application I get duplicates of the numbers even though I iterate through the map.
It is huge and has a wonderful selection of collectibles.
Also JVM identifies the parent class version of an instance method, if child class didn't override it.
Java allows to define the following pair of classes.
The bartenders have always been outstanding with their recommendations and drink specials and extremely friendly when waiting for your table.
They also now take Apple Pay.
That said, I find it very inviting.
Think how great a bacon wrapped dog is after \""dancing\"" the night away.
That's why my family's been going to Compact Car for 20+ years, and as long as I'm in NC, they'll work on any Hondas that I own.\n\nOne more thing: I just called here to schedule more service on my car, and they had me in their computer system from the last time I had a car worked on by them- TEN YEARS AGO.
It has a good mix of veggie friendly food and meaty dishes.
Batch scripting: read lines and execute a command after every other line read Suppose I have a text file like this I want to read each line by line and execute etc..
Any help is very much appreciated.
It only comes in a serving that serves 2-3.
they know what they are doing.
Great layout, very nice bar/restaurant and good people.\n\nThe layout is fair and wisely not long.
The food, service and staff were excellent.
They have better customer service than most \""luxury\"" hotels I've stayed at over the years.\n\nDoes the building need updating?
To quote Raymond Chen "I bet somebody got a really nice bonus for that feature" .
It is like a show and dinner.
\nI also had my all-time favorite salad, the Arugula.
I want to then do the same thing but with P2 = 3n and then P3 = 5n.
I have been working on this for a day and half now and can't seem to get anywhere.
Because, Sometimes Handshake successfully negotiate for every port.
I ordered the Pad Thai which was very rich and tasty, and it even came in a fancy slanted white bowl.
\n\nIn any sense, if you just want to peruse, look for a great gift for yourself or someone else or find an interesting read or HAVE an Interesting read you, stop in here.
It is the typical greasy spoon and I love it for that.
Even on the client side, everything seems to assume v4l is just video, like ffmpeg's libavdevice.
I may suggest that destroying of second device takes out focus in a way which is unseen by the first device.
If you wanted to print the left node's data, you'd have to do this: And then you'd have to do the same for the right node.
I know how to create the aging, and I know how to make one cell blank if another is blank.
Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.
Plenty of leg room and large arm rests.
AND the mask with the destination, then OR the color data from your original overlay.
Yii CHtml submitButton Save function I am using two buttons.
After I added it : I play the game again, until video ads was not shown in Interstitial Ads and now it works fine!!!
How you take me back to my days in college and grad school.
Are stack float array ops faster than heap float ops on modern x86 systems?
I have used a lot of codes they work very well but some time they didn't work.
\n\nIt's also handy to run in to the store whilst shopping at Hilldale.
It will of course slow down your query abit...
It is close enough to walk and right in the middle of NC downtown.\nThe area is not as I expected as te downtown looks doggy and the hotel also show some age.\nRestaurant very limited and not too many good food around.
Of course you can define to be whatever you like but you might run into trouble backporting content to real TeX).
Appetizers Bbq shrimp sauce is great with bread and the Crawfish ceviche was flavorful and spicy!
If it is the first and linking the (old) OpenGL module (which is part of Qt 5.0) is an option (and apart from 'esthetically' reasons, I don't see why it would not be), you could use the static that Victor was hinting at.
Some of the dishes are phenomenal and some are simply okay.
However, there is a const-qualified assignment operator in , which should be picked by the compiler.
I'd like the down key and the right key to advance to the next photo, or say, 1000 pixels.
When the closing brackets start, keep a count of them.
Thanks EDIT: Thanks for your answers everybody!
But not anymore, thanks to InnerPeaks (Just kidding I'm still scared of heights, but that's what makes life exciting, right?) To get started I had to rent the climbing equipment, including shoes, harness, belays, etc, I think it came to a total of around $25.
I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.\n\nThe table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options.
They included zucchini, carrots, broccoli, onions and other good stuff without the typical \""filler\"" veggies that you find at cheaper places.
The burgers are huge, crumbly and messy, like a good hand made burger should be and they have a few different kinds, a friend had the lamb burger and said it was outstanding.
I'll be back to sample more of everything, and to order the Margherita DOC again, and again..and again.
Half-transparent elements in the Adobe Illustrator have a black outlines I'm new in Adobe Illustrator and I just need to extract one element from EPS-file.
\n\nThe walls are lined with plaques from local Pro Beer Drinkers.
This will shorten your code a little bit:
He gets a five-star review, but I swear I'm not even taking that into account with my official five-star Yelp rating.\n\nThe wait staff was very busy, but also attentive.
\n\nIf you're in the area, its definitely worth a try.
You must import Entry from the models module of the app.
Not sure I understand what you mean, but the tests you write in TDD are supposed to test your production code.
In many cases, a startup that is even faster than with the client VM can be achieved because the final code produced by the server compiler may be already available during the early stages of application initialization.
So what you need to do, is make sure that your application has focus when the user hits F3.
Set a general theme for progressDialog?
There was so much to choose from - fresh baked bread, cookies, doughnuts, beautiful cakes, cannoli, etc.
We started with the white pizza and boy did it hit the spot.
As documented in the API, the units is metres.
Solid resto, solid food and solid service.
I neeed to use Google Maps API?
I ended with the custard and berries, which was okay.
Using the WP import/export should eliminate overwriting anything in the new database that should not be overwritten by your local install (site url, home url, users, etc.)
(Note: GAS can not recognize ) Prior research (does not apply) Yes, I know there is an open issue for GAS already in the works.
During late summer, they also have a wine event called The Generous Pour.
replace this with and why you using this?
If I remember correctly, you can customize your pancakes etc...
This would likely be only accessed on a laptop/desktop browser, but if I can also make it compatible with mobile devices, that would be great, too.
100 degree temps, 98% humidity, and an empty stomachs - it was time for a climate controlled environment and a TON of food.\n\nOur stop at MG was exactly what we were looking for.
With that Image created a new template.
Andriod like toast in ios .you can modify it as per requirement
Use uasort to sort elements in an array I have the following array And I would like to sort the elements using and array .
pandoc-ruby error when running documented example When running the following script using pandoc-ruby (directly from the documentation) I get an error.
I was sad that they didn't have an actual pepperoni pie; they just slapped pepperoni on the plain slices and tossed it in the over.
The wings on the other hand...marvelous!
The prices are average, the flavors are plentiful, and the staff is always friendly (always a plus on my list.) \n\nIt's a few blocks from my house and I remember on hot summer days grabbing my sisters, yelling upstairs to our parents \""We're going to Scoops!\"" and walking up there.
I had to go under the covers to get at the menu item node, and hook up a subscription to set the disabled class on it.
There was nothing special with either although I do always enjoy both at many sushi places.
if the dialog gets wider, but stays the same height, the number of rows should lessen, while the number of columns increases.
This is a costly process for the client, who want us to find a way to let him add new kind of data in the catalogue, without having to change the schema.
Great location all kinds of restaurants nearby and the football and basketball stadiums are in walking distance.
I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
If you are not clear about any of this, head on over to the Panthers website and look over their policy on purses and bags.\n\nBofA Stadium does have wifi now.
Then there will be no TCP connection to the broker.
From documentation, the Return Value is described as: There seems to be a typo at "different than", my guess is it should be "different from".
Every image in the ArrayList is just the last frame of the gif.
The reference is defined with , thus the compiler does not need to infer a type for on the invocation of because it is already defined.
My questions are what is the best way to code game loop and pausing the game, and how to go about speeding up the snake (I want to have 4 different levels) ?
We've eaten at Monty's a number of times and have always had good food there.
When a player makes a move a method is called to update the current player on the array element referencing this match.
Another common way to get the info is with a proprietary connectable Bluetooth LE service.
The restaurant is going through some remodeling and it gives it a more modern look.
The food was excellent and the wine was outstanding.
What I did - change the Qt framework files in using as described copy the these framework bundles manually to inside the app bundle recompiling the bundle.
So with this URL I can use other Java classes to stream the data directly to disk.
If it is from a can maybe someone can email me and tell me which brand it is so I can buy it.
I'm a huge fan of the food here!
The application works just fine, but as i said, it counts but it doesnt count in real seconds.
Definitely a place I would visit again :)
It made me feel like this was the last place to eat at on Freedom Dr.
\n\n A great cafe shop in an amazing location and filled with good memories.i love you coffee tree!!\n*imagines herself hugging a huge tree which bears coffee beans on it* :)\n\n-Smriti
The Merry-Ann's at Neil and Kirby is a standby.
In a nutshell, the WavPanel class is an example of inheritance.
Hey Betty is such a fun place, and definitely worth a visit if you love vintage!
The new cafe in the store was great.
On top of that, the produce stayed fresh for way longer than GE's typically does!
I had the linguine w/ walnut pesto which was average nothing too spectacular but good all around.
Had to wait for my husband to arrive at Charlotte airport, since I was flying in from a different city.
\n\nAnd now that I've been, I must say, Charlotte Yelpers, you are right on with this one!\n\nI love this incredibly charming historic restaurant and the 4th Ward neighborhood that surrounds it.
Of course, everything is nice and hot when it hits your plate and fresh because it's cooked right there in front of you.
I found a really old chrome 1930's FAN at trader jack's flea market last Sunday.\n SUPER COOL FIND !\nanyway , it had a dryrotted electric cord and a bad 3 speed pull chain type switch.\nRolliers had an exact replacement for the switch and a retro vintage looking cloth covered electric cord.
vectorizing sliding window 2d correlation I have two matrices, call them matrix A and matrix B.
In that handler, check if the updated data belongs somewhere between the currently visible cells, if so, update the currently visible view.
Good news was they had a bar next door so I went and had a beer then came back to get food.
\n\nMy mom also carted several cheeses down to North Carolina to be served as appetizers for my wedding as well.
My fellow brunchers feasted on a variety of Creamy Polenta (looked amazing), a cheese tasting, Lamb and Eggs, and Casbah Benedict.
I checked Zip code &amp; CVC verification required in my account settings.
\n\nYou won't find a lot of pampas jerks in this bar like other places in the university which make for a pretty nice time for the non-fratty crowd young and older alike.
Your function has the same name as a function defined in the standard library , which is why you're getting the error.
I recommend bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card.
The store was HUGE and organized...it's hard to find both these days.
The SOAP library already parses the outer SOAP XML and returns the result of the enlighten() method, which is also XML.
But who doesn't come out of a bar without a creeper story.
Also, when looking at the serial monitor, I get: So my question is: 1) How do I eliminate the 200 ms delay as well?
I mean, it seems like using absolute paths would resolve a lot of issues people have with using PEAR libs and if the only reason for not using absolute paths is a use-case that no one actually utilizes it seems like PEAR would be better off using them.
The first week I took the traditional tiramisu, which was fantastic!
Make firstName as a public variable with getter/setter added, then you will be able to access the properties, By default, if no access modifier is present then CLR treats it as Private
You should go at least once, Soba is a gem in the rough of the Pittsburgh dining scene.
\n I have gotten the spinach and mushroom dumplings as a starter a couple of times and they were amazing the pepper dipping sauce was soo delicious.
There were a few customer service issues I had that I'd like to mention so that others are aware.
After seeing myriad commercials and advertisements everywhere for the new JCP, I decided to pay them a visit.
The recommended way is: Or this: (though not recommended by jQuery) Or:
You might have to add a dot to the script tags in jade file, if JS is followed in next lines.
Here's a trick: calculating a of values that are known to be either 1 or 0 is equivalent to a of the rows where the value is 1.
In fact, had I not tried my husband's entree I would have been more impressed with my ravioli.
Checking the existane of a particular character in an array of strings i have an array of strings say for example @"123",@"373",@"221",@"921" .I need to check in how many elements of that array 2 exists and want to concatenate those elements into a mutable string and finally eradicate all two and prepare a string.I should have a string 13373191 out of the above example
Switching to Jake Wharton's "double-espresso" made the problem go away.
They also have some vegetarian choices.
Following this made my machine master.
Is there something that I am missing here.
You have two options: You can keep the content script route, but you need to indicate parameter in the content script configuration.
controller Validator Is there any other annotation based validation applicable here?
Not so long ago, I was forking out hundreds of dollars a month in prescription medications because my diet was HORRIBLE.
analyzing sequences matlab I am trying to write a short matlab function that will recieve a vector and will return me the index of the first element of the longest sequence of 1s (I can assume that the sequence consists of 1s and 0s).
They also said the bed was comfortable, and we enjoyed being able to chat with them out on the balcony as well as in the \""living room\"" on the couch.
Just looking at it, I'm pretty sure your code works.
So i need to modify the function below and make it work with random class while thousands of concurrent calls are happening to that class.
I am using Windows with git bash/command promt zipalign.exe needed to be configured in environment variables.
This is now our favorite Asian restaurant.
rname gender m w N 2 0 D 0 1 P 0 1 C 1 0 total 3 2 Some help please?
I think a rounded, half-transparant black window will be more suited in your case.
Went to the Saucer prior to catching a concert at Verizon Wireless and met up with my two favorite people (Nikki and Bryan).
As you can see here ; for the iframe to appear, I was using the inline method.
I am using xpath for back button as but it is not working.
What is the structure of the Thread Environment Block on Microsoft Windows?
Unfortunately for your case, I don't think this is possible to do before a bind like that.
Keep a counter using , take the modulus, you don't have to worry about overflow as it will increase by 60 per second and your code needs to run for years before overflow.
The redirect_uri the user returns to and the redirect_uri used in the token exchange must match.
\n\nOf the YMCA's near Uptown, this is definitely the best and the largest.
In the cellForRowAtIndexPath function I added the following line of code right before I return the cell: (lobj_NearbyLocationEntry is the name of my cell variable I am returning.) When I do this, the auto layout for my table works fine.
The problem is that if I set the to -width the cursor gets the same size in Chrome.
Why didn't you try it yourself?
I love the cooked-to-order omelette station as well as the selection of traditional breakfast foods and traditional German foods.
Saw that Alexander Michaels was open for this event.
Remember to enable blending and set a blending function.
Surprising.\n\nThe inside of the shop is clean and well organized.
Instead of reference equality, if you can trust that is a date, then you perhaps want a date comparison: This takes both dates and converts them to an integer representation of the number of millisecond since 1970, then makes sure those integers match.
you can certainly do block selection by hold down the Alt key while doing a selection
The directory that I am in straight after the job is : I am doing this within the job to delete this whole path: As I am new I am sure there is a better way of deleting the working directory and its subfolders.
This place is the blueprint of what a Culvers should be,and a shining star among the companys resteraunts.
One possibility: Use an xhtml parser that fixes malformed xhtml.
Prices are very reasonable for the amount you get.
Similarly you probably have an 'origin' remote pointing to github.
\n\nWent with the \""Nakato Delight\"" which came with shrimp, chicken & NY steak for $23.95.
You need to write following CSS in that file.
However, an since the anonymous method is built in the context of the method where it is used, the variables from the context are available to it.
At least it was my birthday and not his!\n\nI think generally the food here is very good, and the atmosphere is upscale and intimate.
The reason was that on one account the environment variable ' was set.
My family and I were in Charlotte, North Carolina and decided to stop here because of Yelp.
This is what I have so far: Any help would be appreciated.
They also carry rice which you can buy in bulk.
Great beer selection and a pub feel make this a great pick.
Basic idea of the date object
One more step deeper, "odp" is anonymous variable.
Tasks that I have trouble with: "Add button" - add post/school ID to session array - $_SESSION['schools'] Dashboard at the top - echo $_SESSION['schools'] values (just for user experience list the schools that are currently in the list) when "Add button" is pressed update the dashboard list automaticly.
When we entertain, she'll spend days planning, preparing, decorating the house and creating a gourmet meal.
I just hate see them as instead of just or instead of just etc.
how to improve the quality of resultant video when merging audio-video with ffmpeg?
I'll generate some random data to serve as example, which will result in low (around chance level) accuracy.
The grits had a creamy texture...not like what I expected but very delicious.
As well as the comma versus semicolon issue, this answer assumes that the required output is accurate and the NTST line should not appear.
Run war with tomcat in docker I've followed these two post Build File Terminal When I go to I see the manager home page but or do not show up.
Any help will be highly appreciated.
The following should work: If your column is utf8, you shouldn't have problems with special characters.
returns a class, so is a class.
\n\nThey have a great happy hour and specials throughout the week.
Bonus: they have Twizzler Tuesday's, free chicklets (old school - love it!) etc.
I would write all your business logic as classes with those arrays in a MODEL file, access those classes from the CONTROLLER file.
Godzilla Sushi Roll is the truth!
There's live music most nights and a bar upstairs if you just want to sit and enjoy a cocktail or two while you wait for a table.\n\nThe food was excellent - we got the Cajun BBQ shrimp as an appetizer and couldn't stop raving about it.
but when we got there at 8pm, the place was hoppin'.
Staff was great, rooms were clean and our view of the river was beautiful.
The trade-off is slightly reduced accuracy of the evolved image.
I'm well overdue for an update of this place, as it slowly became one of my regular spots in Pittsburgh since the review of my first visit.\n\nHere's what you need to know: This is the most authentic pizza in Pittsburgh.
I had a great experience, and I'll definitely be back.
This may lead to undesirable behavior such as a double DELETE.
The menu looks rather limited, but everything we ordered was amazing.
The second floor is kind of like a mini upper-loft kind of thing and there are a few rocking chairs up there are well that nobody seems to know about; these face the center hub area and the glass wall so you can sit up there and watch the planes taxi up to the gates.
We also had various vegetable sides but I didn't sample many of those.
I can only add to the already good reviews on Yelp.
The file must contain only one element of type multipolygon.
– Ashwin Mukhija Dec 30 '13 at 19:45 that fixed it.
Definitely take the elevator--you actually have to.
OMG, is all I have to say!
Then just eat the damn hot dog all by your lonesome.
Sam Bok is the perfect venue to get anything Korean cuisine related and has some wonderful Ahjummas (ladies) who will let you try out you newly mastered though limited skills at speaking Korean.
I've never received directions as precise as those he gave us.
The key to this is using the Data Shaping Service, an OLEDB Provider which "rides on top of" your underlying Provider (even if only the local Cursor Service Provider implied when using client-side cursors).
We readed this: But we need some help.
The bread is slightly toasted but still soft.
The asynchronous part would apply to Javascript code that directly follows your ajax post.
For example: In your file: Then in your Play controller (assuming Play Framework 2.x):
SQLFiddle Demo It has to be, EDIT: As per Docs Oracle Database currently treats a character value with a length of zero as null.
I was also told my left front strut was blown (this was true).
However, It still works when I select Project Structure → Facets → Add → GWT
When does the proxy server force the user to authenticate (can you access internal sites without authenticating..
The whole thing will look like: When loop will end, you gonna have array containing 15 rows, which sum of values in column G is equal to 12.
So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!
It was very fresh and and a large is in a huge glass!
Check this question: For me, changing the return type did it.
However, that is what I call money well spent.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the selection is sometimes limited (mostly '60s-'70s), but what's for sale is unique and quality, and definitely well-priced.
I'm going to write an app under Xamarin for iPhone/Android/WindowsPhone that gets continuus data from a server and also sends back continuus data (~ every 10 seconds).
However, the problem can be avoided.
Being in there lost the atmosphere of Cosmos, but that wasn't all that went wrong.
Grab a photo with the giant queen gator in the front yard as a souvenir!
but by a , After that i would like to add 1 to every float.
If you forget the implementation itself, the callback will likely crash the app as most controls that use callback-delegate methods dont first check to see that the method exists.
I must say the front desk crew and management are amazing.(Todd & Melissa) Very professional and friendly and helped make our stay a good one.
Here is my code: I get the following exception on running the code: It says that I have syntax error even though the syntax error is correct.
This is how the function should be: You don't need to pass 5 arguments to it; only 2, which are the two characters you want to swap.
Also, their Italian hoagies are great.
I consider myself a lucky girl to live in Pittsburgh's own Little Italy (although it has taken it's toll on my waist line, truth be told).
But they also carried a range of high end stuff, i spotted 2 Oscar de la Renta sweaters, some St Johns blazers, a Prada bag.
Don't forget to turn it off completely and back on.
Failed to find Build Tools revision 23.0.1 Hello i am trying to build my first app with react-native.
So, how can I reload my view page when model state valid is false?
For instance, their pork fried rice is better than almost any place in Charlotte.
You probably meant: or Live Example: Separately: You have two elements with the same value.
I have never had a bad meal or experience here.
Sure I could spend that money on a billion other things, and I should, but there's something just so fancy about being able to walk off the plane, pay a fee and have my car brought right to me.
Yes, I am a smoker myself, but I have enough common sense to be a polite smoker (this is my personal choice, and it is your personal choice not to smoke, as it is a business' choice to allow or not allow smoking in its establishment).\n\nAnyway, let's move forward.
You need to write one module page, and some functions.
The ribs were falling off the bone, the yardbird and very good.
Now I want to create my own document set that will live outsite of but still use the instance of solr that lives in .
Is there a syntax to include control for wildcarding, stemming and case sensitivity within the single text string that the function accepts?
And after all the horror stories I had read about wisdom tooth extraction, I was truly shocked that I had no swelling and such minimal pain.
I'm trying to perform two string comparisons with an "if" and an "OR" I'm new to bash and I am trying to do two string comparisons with an or statement.
Give me burgers or give me death!\n\nI think I got that quote right, didn't I?\n\nAs far as I am concerned, they make the best freakin' burgers in the burgh.
Maybe you forgot to match the scopes of and :
Every query is plain SQL text, and the command does not use parameters.
I was last the the Mimosa Grill a few weeks ago while visiting Charlotte on business.
\n\nThe only thing I didn't like, aka hated, was having to wait in line outside before the show started.
I'm coming here from now on!
In this answer, I used Python 2.7.4.
however since it has one extra memory it puts in an extra 0.
Stopped in for lunch before a Bucs game.
I had every light on and it was still pretty dark during a cloudy day.
How excited was I when I moved to Pittsburgh and found Crepes Parisiennes?
Make sure you get the fresh rolls.
Both above methods returned error -1 and errno is set to 88 Following is the code I used Why i am getting the error -1 and errno 88?
In fact, this is the ONLY place in Pennsylvania that is VPN (Verace Pizza Napoletana)-certified to make a true DOC pizza, so it's not really a debatable point.\n\nIf you don't like authentic pizza, fine (but I think you're insane).
I have done a simple communication from an open frameworks client to a node.js server via OSC protocol.
Mind you, this was a total stranger.
I had to end up going several blocks out of my way and ultimately doing an illegal turn to get to the restaurant.\n\nFinding parking is sort of difficult, as well.
My husband, who is a huge comic book geek, loves this place.
It seem like the implimenation treated every 2 as every odd month.
I am sometimes put off by the way they offer seating (first-come, first-serve) and they will try to cram four people at a table that is meant for only three.
I just moved in the neighborhood and don't have my laundry room set up yet.
Wait staff seemed to encourage that, but did a decent job of not being pushy.\n\nMy rolls were decent - can't remember which ones I went with.
The compiler is yelling at me of .
The bus boy literally came around every 5 minutes to make sure everyone had water and he took the dirty dishes away right away.
\n\nOne special exhibit that I really recommend will be there only until October 18, 2008 and it is \""Abstract Art before 1950: Watercolors, Drawings, Prints, and Photographs\"".
OK to charge them for the domain name?
The standard creation of folders in Windows XP is CreateDirectory .
I tried modifying the in the Anaconda3/envs/env_name/Scripts/ but that wasn't the right way.
You should check connectivity from the client For example Once you have checked that the DB2 port is open for your client, you should establish the connection or receive a different error message.
You need to download the source packet of QT and compile it.
Make your HTML like this: And JS will be this:
I want to get the historic server URL that users log into sql server from sql server management studio.
It is known for it's speed, stability, and scalability.
but it still doesn't work instead show me error message agains like this: whats wrong with my VS2010 ??
No: the class gains no performance benefit when the mutable flag is turned off.
if still the of is nil, please posts more codes here.
It should be pretty easy with list comprehensions
All the employees seemed in a good mood.
I expect that these techniques, which rely on feature extraction, would be more expensive per image, but they may be faster overall if they result in fewer generations being required to achieve an acceptable result.
What is the best way to achieve this functionality
The gumbo was also a big disappointment to me where is the heat.\n\nThe fish specials are usually pretty good but can be bland.
I have a very annoying issue with a project I am working on in Android Studio.
They give you tonnes of food as you can see from the pictures.
EDIT I found yet another way using but it needs to create 2 s (one short lived).
At the machine where the app is installed (PC2) the language was German(Austria).
Maybe not the easiest to find tucked inside a Wells Fargo building.
This is hands down the best italian restaurant in the city.
Mysql count with condition I have a table like this: I use this query to count how many reservation each of my user have: And It gives me this result: However I want to count one if my user has more than one reservation in specific date.
At 200th frame, rectCenterX = 300 pixels.
(Is there a way to force limit the memory usage e.g.
We found it to be a solid and affordable place for her as a beginner.
This is how Rails works and that's why its awesome when we follow the convention!
It's supposed to show this Rss feed as a ListView but I dont understand where the problem lies.
The two extreme forms are: Green threads : All Java instances are managed within one native OS thread.
I have to say from the view and just listening to the people that work at FU's my experience was definitely enjoyable.
I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken.
The equation for the tastiness goes something like this...\nY = T*x^2\nwhere T is a function of how late it is,\nY is the Yum factor,\nand x...I don't know what x is, but it kind of spells \""tax...\""\n\nPrice is okay - delivery total is a few dollars more than what I usually pay for something like Gumby's with haxxor deals - and a bit higher than what you could get at Subway for $5 (but not as customizable).
Pittsburgh has a Four Seasons!\n\nFrom Paris to Shanghai, London to Bangkok, the care with which this little B&B operation is run in Pittsburgh exceeds the best that I have experienced in any of these cities.\n\nIt may not have the conference facilities of a larger hotel, the business center, or in-house spa, but as a B&B, this is about as good as it gets.
This place will always have a special place in my heart for reasons known by me and Steve L.
Then if you do not want to follow LibraryB development, it would be enough to simply not use 'git submodule update' (and perhaps just in case comment out or remove link to canonical version of LibraryB).
A Simple Date Dimension for Mondrian Cubes Anyone have some idea that can be shown the string value as a measure value?
It's open late, and usually packed on the weekends.
I was happy in the end that I did get appetizers or my meal might have been a bit small.
Orders have mulitple items, invoices have multiple orders and payments may apply to mulitple orders and invoices.
I have tried with some other approaches, the most simple one that avoids doing n + 1 queries is to remove the creation of the object from your query and process the result list, manually creating the objects:
Write your code so that it can also run on OpenGL ES, if that's feasible.
EDIT: Does this blog post help?
Jquery Ajax requests not working on IE 10 (due to cache) I would like to begin with this.
They have been in business forever!
I have been going to Green's for 40 years and I haven't found a better dog yet!
I am getting here two errors: 1- Consecutive declarations on a line must be separated by ';' 2- Expected Declaration Thanks in advance
You can use spring with hibernate.
But, in the function, it appears as an empty array.
The House Sauce was particularly stand-out.
After reading mixed reviews about this place, I was pleasantly surprised, \n\nThis place was a hot mess with slightly cold food, but I really liked it.
One thing you must remember when staying here, it is uptown so it can be very noisy outside and you will hear it in your room.
Adjusting z-index of angularjs typeahead directive I am using Angularjs typeahead directive in combination with jquery layout plugin.
In other words, you are just using the code in and not in action.
And before that may be it is E(S) - E(Y|X=t1) - E(Y|X=t2) - and so on.
The waitstaff is friendly, attentive, and fast.
I stash dressing, cranberries, and cheese in my office.
You edited your original question to add this second question.
Ordered eggs as soft scrambled and they were just right, fluffy instead of those sheets of egg product that other restaurants serve.
Also these: Should be able to be replaced with just this:
The place is small, but man the food is AMAZING!!!!!
If you were migrating away from SQL Server 2005+, I'd have recommended PostgreSQL 8.4+ for the sake of either of the two things I just mentioned.
\n\nThis created a chain reaction and my stomach automatically started rubbing blisters on my backbone due to hunger.
It sounds like an encoding issue.
We have been to Lidia's twice now, and have received delicious food and excellent service both times.
\n\nMy friend and I split a bottle of chianti and started off with some delicious escarole and beans.
All of these C# DLLs are dynamically loaded.
To give support in IE you could try CSS3pie , a simple library that allows you to use several CSS3 features in IE6 or higher.
I also love the access from the bike path.
Finally, if your application is quite large and/or complex, you can consider solutions such as an Inversion of Control container, which can reduce the dependency on global state.
Also make sure that class has a method in order to print it.
Maybe you even can remove this line completely but this depends on your application.
Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.
I cannot test this at the moment, but that should be possible by adding the following expression description to the "properties to fetch":
The file is very large, so doing it before writing would be better I think.
So far I have created the donut chart and now would like to add another arc inside the donut that represents the % of three pointers made by a basketball player.
For those symbols that have a record in the 60 seconds, there will be 60 records for each symbol, one for each second Symbol Ask Bid QuoteDateTime MSFT 26.00 27.00 2010-05-20 06:28:00 MSFT 26.01 27.02 2010-05-20 06:28:01 ...
It does appear, as was just mentioned in this discussion by Key, that Google Play recently implemented stricter filtering rules, and this may be just one example.
TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
We were hungry and we wanted Thai.
They put up with us, and now I am a loyal customer in return.
Love how they keep in interesting.
does someone know how to convert GPS degree to decimal values or vice versa?
I searched all attributes but unable to find that How Can I animate it?
The whole 'thank you baker' routine is a bit contrived but this one deserves the gratitude from staff and customers alike.\n\nI'm not crazy about have to stand in a queue to get a quick bag of bagels and a to-go coffee waiting for others to place intricate eat-in orders but that's generally a problem only on the weekends.\n\nThis location has the self-serve coffee bar which also saves time and headaches for all.\n\nI'm roughly equidistant from a few Bruegger's locations.
Service is also pretty quick for a location that has such a cramped dining room and tiny kitchen space.
NA/NaN/Inf error when fitting HMM using depmixS4 in R I'm trying to fit simple hidden markov models in R using depmix.
I'm trying to build/use the current master in GitHub ( which has Visual Studio projects as well as CMake files.
Because of this I've decided to move toward something that can handle RTF or DOC type files.
Current Location Simulation on AppCode Please correct me if this question is duplicated.
The service is great, owner is on top of everything and her staff is always helpful and friendly.
The pattern I am looking for is For example: I cannot extract and without looking first at .
Why can't I see HttpUtility.ParseQueryString Method?
So, my question is, how can I transfer my phone numbers in Ring Central into Twilio?
I didn't like any of the sides or accoutrement (English peas, white asparagus, beet vinaigrette or fennel pur\u00e9e) - they seemed almost a tongue-in-cheek mockery of fancy foods...except the dish was meant to be taken in all seriousness.
you specify the menu settings for each view using an XML file usual the same name as the view file in it's directory.
My question is: is Option 2 even possible, and if so, what is its overhead?
Please help me its urgent for me.
They work to get you seated as soon as possible if there is a wait.\n\nAwesome diner food with daily specials.
Our server came to us right away.
\n\nI appreciate this theater for its history and modern contributions, I think some individuals do not understand that this kind of history in other American cities has been left to decay.
The restaurant was super easy to find and I loved how it was right on the lake.
Here's what I'm trying: And here's the result in the database: I would have thought that the ¶ character would have been considered whitespace covered by .
How can I set permissions in order to gain full access to files with the new account?
It's working fairly well, but I need to keep trying out new things out and adding new functionality.
My next-door neighbor, who is 84 and has lived in Sun Prairie all her life, recommended this place for breakfast.
Very yummy :) great with kids..
The other dining area downstairs did look a bit fancier and we never went upstairs, which sounded like it was the bar area.\n\nAll in all, it was a great meal and great spot!
It groups by the column, then takes a mean of all of the remaining columns.
How do I collapse the categories in opencarts mega menu?
The request is composed of a URL and a document and inside the document, there are a bunch of parameters.
It is not Sesame Inn or China Palace; it is not a \""date night out\"" sort of place.
The have rental gear to make sure you have everything you need.
If you still really think you do, then you could return a pointer to a static variable, which lasts as long as the program: or dynamically allocate an array, and hope the caller remembers to delete it:
Interestingly, the time for multiplying the matrices is still a tiny fraction of the overall time taken.
I was pretty anxious about going since it had been quite some time.
Their turkey burger and mac'n'cheese are great but the rest is probably just okay.
I think the header info is correct, and the number of elements is correct (16384).
The more you write code, the better you understand it.
These images are stored in a server folder outside web application (say ).
I've been developing winforms applications and console applications and would like System.Diagnostics to be imported automatically with a using statement so I don't have to manually put the using statement in.
The reason why you are getting different results is the fact that your colour segmentation algorithm uses k -means clustering .
is the function from Visual Studio C runtime library which handles 64-bit integer division in 32-bit environment, it looks similar to this:
Unable to Access Public Variables - Excel VBA I am working on a rather large Excel application via VBA.
Get something special, don't just go with scrambled eggs and bacon - although I'm sure that's delicious too).\n4.
I always go here for oil changes they are quick and cheap not to mention its the closest jiffy lube to my house.
\""Oh, what I wouldn't do for some Il Pizzaiolo!\"" I couldn't agree more.\n\nIt makes me want to check Kayak for some cheap tickets to PIT!
Went here yesterday to experience what it's like in an indoor waterpark.
soooooo pretty!\n\nAnyway, stopped in here and order the Pittsburgh cheesesteak which was quite tasty.
It is smooth and just terrific!
\n\nI was not really impressed by the food.
However this solution doesn't fully answers the question.
I can say without a shadow of a doubt that we will be staying here again the next time we come back.
In other words, they have fixed dimensions, and thus a limited width.
ERROR 1064 (42000): You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'from attraction join ticketBooking using(attractionID) Your basic syntax error here is immediately before 'from attraction', we find The problem here is that SELECT() is not valid syntax.
Just about those alone gave this a huge rating for me.
They were also done to perfection and the sauce had more flavor.
I especially love the pie porn lingering on the other side of the glass so you can just gaze with wonder as you wait for your cibo.
The restaurant itself is small and cramped but the food is worth it.
However, it ruins rest of the things, which is very upsetting.
Spring rolls were $1.50 each.\n\nThings to note: cash only\n\nAlso, you can get the pho with beef, chicken, or meatballs.
I usually get the fried chicken tenders but opted for the barbecue ribs last time I was here, and was not disappointed.
Then this is my main class
The terminology is a bit confusing indeed, but both and are used to specify which keystores to use, for two different purposes.
The wait staff speak English well, so nothing gets \""lost in translation\"" when ordering.
How do I add the second requirement: first digit must be 0, 1, or 2?
denotes the start of an escape sequence, so it has to be escaped with another .
It has a laid back atmosphere to combat the other bro-bars on campus, with a good beer list and decent food.
You can build using your existing makefiles and create a wrapper project with a custom target with a 'Run Script' build phase that just calls down to your makefile.
I'm not one for beer, but i have to give the Flying Saucer an awesome score.
I ordered the egg combo this time around.
I would rent from them again in a heartbeat.
This means that the k -means algorithm will run a certain number of times specified by you, and it will output the segmentation that has the least amount of error.
exciting ambiance, not for a quiet night out.
I must have literally walked past our Daily Bread Cafeteria 3000 times always seeing the open doors, always reading the daily specials but never stopping but today I put my bustling on hold to get in on the Lenten specials.
They will also sell whole bottles of syrup, which I really appreciate!\n\nBaked goods are usually fresh and I like that you can get plain oatmeal or jazz it up with certain toppings.
a combination of both solutions presented here:
I highly suggest you call Holly if you want the best service in town!\n\nGreg Smithj
Is it possible to achieve this?
Been there a few times and the ingredients are not up to par with Il Pizzaiolo.
Specifically, can I be sure that a string in the 'yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss' (e.g '2011-04-28 13:01:45') format, inserted into the datetime column, will always be automatically converted to a datetime type, no matter what regional or language settings are used on the server?
I would appreciate any help or guidance you can give.
I simplified the query, but it is something like this: And I want to return a list of POJO objects that are something like: I want to know what is the best way to load the POJO object from a query.
You're better off writing your own function, or taking some hints from the docs and comments on php.net
One idea I've seen was to store the PBKDF2 settings along with the password (similar to how you store the salt) such as the iteration count and the PRF used (SHA-256, SHA-512) at the time of the hash creation.
I'm using CakePhp 2.2 and I have this simple controller, named ProvidersController : and this Component, named SocialComponent : as you can see I have created success() and error() methods inside the controller.
Square cut pizza with cold toppings...
Not just a mash of veggies in a thick green curry.
You should call type.function instead, i.e.
There are several option to differentiate the settings plists between Settings.app and in-App.
The service is quick, and the staff personable.
I have changed the drawMatches method to swap the "roiImg" and key points with "compare" and key points.
There is a very small 25 yard warm water pool that is used primarily for swimming lessons, physical therapy, & recreation.
Redis is a very chique solution, allowing you to overcome a lot of NoSQL limitations in an elegant way.
Most of the time, adding a valid doctype to the top of the page will fix this (you can use as the easiest valid doctype).
The cinnamon rolls are great too!
Do anyone knos a way to implement (preferentially in Python) an algorithm that would reorder the datapoints from a starting point?
Using find_if algorithm for searching queen placement.
If not, any ideas for efficient algorithm that would do the job?
This is described in the specification: by default, record, union, and struct type definitions called structural types implicitly include compiler-generated declarations for structural equality, hashing, and comparison.
We have been coming here for many years.
\n\nIf you are on the Strip in PGH, you have to check this place out.
\n\nI guess the one negative thing I'd comment on is that he has short hours BUT that's no excuse, and not truly a negative.
I guess the more specific question is why does ECMAscript standard not support private constructors?
I have the 2nd query which sums all records in transunits table by accountID.
So is there anything I can do?
Great view of the Mon too.
Below is sensu-client log Here is default config Even reboot of my RHEL7 doesnt help, see log below Adding more log:
Neither super, nor this, throws, extends, and so on can be impleted by other java expressions.
Conclusion: As the concept and these examples show, this is a rarely used feature because it's mostly for internal purposes, and not for day-by-day software.
This token is sent back by Siebel after the initial login, which prevents having to log in for each message - reducing the authentication overhead.
That being said, the current (let's say somewhat non-optimal and inconsistent) situation is recognized and actively being discussed by the Qt developers.
My guess is there was some sort of API change with Google Drive from the 72 to the 28 character ids before then, and Gdriv.es doesn't support the old format.
There is a good mix of appetizers, sandwiches, salads and entrees from which to choose.
I settled on the fish sandwich as it was cheap and I still wasn't 100% sold on this place.
Microsoft uses the certificate as proof of identity of an ISV company that registers with Winqual.
The food is the stand out.
\n\nThe jumbo chicken wings, salmon cakes, cornbread, macaroni and cheese, potato salad and okra was absolutely to die for.
I worked out 2 days in row and the 2nd day I got into the whirlpool, which was big enough for about 10 people.
This works well an lets me spawn as many point labels as possible with animations on them.
But to our disappointment it was nowhere to be found!
you can test your template in the online demo -
The hot and spicy squid was really good.
general backbone/marionette program structure I need some general guidelines on how to structure a backbone/marionette application.
These optimizations might include, but are not limited to: ...
This worked for me: Generate a Github Access Token In requirements.txt list private module as follows:
For example, it would matter if in the future the canvas element will be more and more used and optimized by the browsers and it would also matter if for the time being the &lt; img > is much faster.
\n\nThese guys have a great selection from different brands.
You can easily spend hours in this store, and it's up to you- you can buy something for $.15 or for $150.
It's to die for!\n\nThis place tends to be packed on Friday nites, but go during the week and it's great.\n\nCasual atmosphere, has outside seating when it's not broiling hot outside, and altho they do have a bar, it tends to lean towards a family dining kinda place.
The kids split an order of french toast and I had the breakfast special.
If I reload the page the dropdown appears as it should.
Their portions, as I recall, are huge for the price you're paying, and the stuff is delicious.
I'm not sure how far along the EasyMock.net has come.
This way, as something gets closer to the camera, it's precision increases.
You can see the chef and the kitchen through the window between the kitchen and the dining room which is always fun.
You could try to get spanning-tree protocol information out of the smart switches; even unmanaged switches have to participate in this protocol (this doesn't apply to hubs, though).
How to call the callback in a CakePhp Component?
Charming old theatre, featuring a small stage crowned with wings at the top and gathered drapes as a background.
As @Warren pointed out, anderson_ksamp is not available in scipy version .12.1.
From the Mongoose assigns each of your schemas an id virtual getter by default which returns the documents _id field cast to a string, or in the case of ObjectIds, its hexString.
I found it to be dry on the outside but I was told it was very most inside and was good.
There are probably better ways to do this, however.
We enjoyed the turkey club, which included great crisp bacon, and the grilled cheese with tomato & bacon, and fries.
I'm an Eclipse noob, but I believe what we are talking about here is multiple workspaces, one for each B/D combination, and each with projects for B and D.
or that Super Bowl Sundae ($25) that comes with 8 scoops of ice cream plus all the fixings!\n\nHere at Klavon's the ice cream selections are more traditional too.
Had a buffalo chicken wrap and quite a few Fat Tire drafts and I had a really great time.
The plates were absolutely delicious and huge (I thoroughly enjoyed the Salsiccia Rossa--pasta with so much homemade Italian sausage that I had to take it home without noodles!).
I wasn't crazy about the Untouchable since I don't like Primanti's sandwiches, but the pizza was more than decent.
Can anyone come up with a scenario where the use of cookies for storing session data has benefits or is even necessary?
Our waitress, Michelle, was extremely knowledgeable about the menu items as well as the wine she was serving us...that's a HUGE plus in my book.\nWe started off by sharing their fried calamari tossed with cherry peppers...fabulous!
And I like my beef pink.\n\nThis place serves up HUGE, tasty burgers with great toppings, and very yummy home fries-style potatoes to go with them.
Any help would be of great help.
Came here from PGH for the first time.
Any idea about how the greek letters are originally defined in the language?
IMO it seems like the ::create array is confusing the basics.
I use a simple batch file called nuget-update.bat which just looks at all packages.config files and gets any dependencies it finds.
Upon our arrival we were given a coaster/beeper and went to the bar.
Rounding in R Returning Wrong Value Consider the following code using a modified rounding function: The function should return 0.9698, but it returns 0.9697.
Great place for an intimate dinner, like an anniversary or an escape from the kids!
What i suggest to do is use JSON to get the comments array, pass an ID to each comment and check if the Id is allready present in the list.
We ordered two drinks and were quickly called for our table.
Is it possible for google to have stored in it's DB the old links (my blog was 1st page for some searches, but gathered just 3.000 hits / month...
Both the rice and beans and cabbage were delicious!
How to keep dashed lines from "dancing" in OpenGl?
They must put some kind of cheese in them to get it that lovely golden brown color and perfectly crunchy texture.
Regarding to @heximal You can set "Scale to fill" mode for your image view and provide any image size (size of you xib, for example).
You have a choice of getting the extra points or breakfast vouchers.
How can I create virtuals for REST API in Mongoose I have a User model.
\n\nIt is expensive but very high quality and It's a great place to come alone, as a couple or a group.
Having a ViewModel gives you an extra abstraction between a single Model and multiple (versions of) Views All in all it is just a guideline but be aware that what seems OK today might be not so great when you need to modify/update the application.
To enable several instances of the library running at the same time, the constructor includes some logic to copy every namespace that has been assigned to a 'toCopy' object directly into every new instance.
How to find average of a col1 grouping by col2 Possible Duplicate: I am trying to find average of a column by using another column in R.It's so easy to do it in SQL but not able to find proper functions and implement them.Here is some sample data as below.
The food here is outstanding - I got a musashi bento box (probably should have went lighter on the soup and salad I had beforehand) with some sort of citrusy wine.
Create the variables by using GET to parse the URL and this works perfectly.
I know this is not the store's fault be there needs to be a sign that says, \""Do NOT touch the actual bread unless you are buying it!!!\"" I saw at least 3 people who were squeezing the bread with their dirty hands to see if it was soft.
I am working with an application in wich data are organized and made available with a postgresql catalogue .
This is a helpful link: and those videos give you a taste of the logic behind MVC:
Because I haven't tried the regular (non-specialty) drinks or the food, I'm going with a 4, but I'll update my review once I return and do so.
Navigate to your specified configuration, and uncheck the checkbox!
However, I'm concatenating output into a single file.
I never visited VIP, but I heard that it is nice here as well.
I normally avoid brunch buffets as a rule; the food is never up to par and it's a cattle call.
Nor do they include celery/carrots, as they do on the menu for regular wing orders.
I am going from this post here I have everything working but when I want to put my view in an .html file instead of inline I am having trouble getting the folder structure and html files in the wwwroot folder so I can correctly map my templateUrl's.
It makes it much easier to help you when we can understand what you're trying to do and have samples to use.
D3.js zoom is not working with mousewheel in safari I'm using D3 v4 to achieve the zoom functionality and everything works perfectly on FireFox, Chrome browsers.
Next on the list: crepes.\n\nWonderful place - excellent quality food and kind staff.
Definitely think I'll spend some more time there.
Umi, a Big Burrito joint, is much more expensive than other sushi places in town.
Your hostess, waitress, bus staff were all polite, welcoming, and doing their jobs.
One, called superObject is the actual initialized object.
Plus the selection of options will keep you coming back to try more and more.
PyQt5: open main window and close dialog I have a login dialog and a main window.
I cannot remember ever seeing any out of order machines.
We decided to do Sunday brunch, and I asked bff 1 where she wanted to go - she said she'd heard Pamela's in Shadyside was amazing, and had been dying to go there.
But, that doesn't reflect badly on the building itself.\nThe seats are terraced for optimum viewing and relatively comfortable.
Below is the web.config setting for the connection string in Web.API project My DbContext Class TestDB is an existing database with few tables.
(Perhaps you already are for git, I think git also assumes a POSIX system.) So you need a Haskell that can target that.
One of the birthday girl had told me it was one of, if not her favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
Cafeteria and parking is over priced but the cost of admission is totally worth it.
I'm not a deep dish fan; I'm more fond of the Chicago style hand-tossed (medium crust).
Do I need to complete a Google Apps Marketplace Listing Review Request in order to be provided credentials?
I've created an example of how you can achieve this.
They've got so many selections to choose from and they all sound delicious.
\n\n Best Friends also offers your pets first night free which is pretty sweet seeing that I have nothing against saving $$$$ here and there and they provide you with a report card when you pick them up--again--cute!!
The fennel orange risotto was so good, unique taste.
Your basic definition of shapes other than a circle will require a rotation or just be defined as polygons by their vertices.
Non-virtual functions are not referenced through vtables.
I am trying to do this with an IF formula.
Wine list is good, although, at one time a much more \""Seafood Friendly\"" one that has now given way to the big names.
Their bar food is out of this world.
It only seems to show slight variations in the summation of the geneTokens.Value[-1] keys and gtCandidates.Value[-1] keys about once out of every 20 or so executions.
The form fields are blank when you load the form because the attributes of the object(in your case ) are by default blank because we just initialize an empty object( ).
Another attempt could be to handle the requests yourself, and return the date from the orm/odm via Serializer the only thing bothered me so far, was the form handling (used backbone-forms ), where I simply not was able to keep my code DRY (had duplicate data for the form+validation in symfony and in the frontend-part).
Most recently, my wife and I were looking for a nice mid-layer jacket for the winter for her.
The line-height property usually takes care of vertical alignment, but not with inputs.
Add a side of rice (only 3 fat grams) cover in fire sauce and add an unsweet tea or diet coke and you eatin' good for only 11 grams of fat!
it's nicer to filter like this:
Store from the 1940's, and a faux church sanctuary among other stations.
Some people say they are too salty and I say, \""Well, they're pickles.\"" They get paired up with a cup of ranch, but I think they would have been better with Blue Cheese.
My suspicion as to what's happening is even though I set the enabled property to true nothing happens because the menu(s) need to be notified that the property has changed.
I tried to put FetchType.LAZY on both sides, it changes the query a bit but it doesn't remove the join.
Don't get snippy and snappy when he asks a question either.
See my code below: Thanks in advance.
It is used for initialization of objects on creation.
the service was good and the people friendly.
There are multiple ways to get the first element of a list.
I'd read good things about it in the \""Post-Gazette\"" and the \""Tribune-Review\"".\n\nThe Rachel sandwich sounded mighty tempting, but since I was in the mood to sample, I tried the soup and 1/2 sandwich combo.
If a computer has multiple IP addresses it can be accessed on any one of them.
Generating an edge list from ID and grouping vectors I have a data frame of 205,000+ rows formatted as follows: In the actual data frame there are 6700+ unique values of .
The wife was the waitress and the husband was cooking.
\n\nI will say the dumplings and spring rolls we had as appetizers were a notch above what we've had elsewhere in Pitt.
Bad thing, traffic can sometimes be snarled if there is that big of a line that it comes out onto Baum Blvd.\n\nQuick sidenote: if you decide to use the drive-thru, be sure to have used the bathroom prior, not fun to sit there waiting when you really need to use the facilities.
I don't think it's necessary in most web-pages.
All your support would be highly appreciated.
Right.\n\nThe restaurant is located with in the Wisconsin Aviation building, which is across the field from where the commercial flights are housed.
However, there are more than 2 million entries in my list and this is taking too long.
The staff was very helpful and upbeat, but not in the annoying way, in a genuinely helpful way.
I want to implement this mysql query in cakephp syntax This query give me exact result.
Nothing special, but everything was fairly well done.
You can see the field from just about anywhere- even high up.
The beer is always cold and the mix drinks are strong.
You would expect it to be chaotic, but I've never had a bad travel experience in this airport, and I travel alot, for both business and pleasure.\n\nFree Wi-Fi....need I say more?
Afterall, I am eating at all these places I am Yelping about, and appear to be yelping on myself in the meantime.\n\nNow, back to Dillard's, It is a staple to Charlotte, and is a viable competitor to Belk's, Macy's and dare I say Nordstrom's.\n\nThe Men's Dept is where I usually shop, (not saying that I shop in the Women's section) but I am at that crucial XXL vs.
We had a problem with the steak because it was way over cooked.
I found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison.
When I start the application, I begin with not having req.session.loggedIn set.
You will have to move the folder to of your web server.
Going through the decorator design pattern on Headfirst, it gives me a feeling that decorators can directly implement the component.
It consists of avant-garde works by European, American, and Japanese artists.
They cannot travel in the message body.
\n\nI have spent, cumulatively, probably several weeks of my life in this store.
The cash only policy could have been trouble; luckily, I read some reviews beforehand which prepared me.
Is there any way to do this?
I also tried searching the text for the expected output, but it seems it is neither byte per character, nor is it UTF-16, either that or I am doing something wrong.
Beside, is opaque by default Override for painting on panels For loadng images Make a habit of not reading images from the file system, unless the application is specific to only your machine.
Thank you again anyway for your answers, please let me know if you know a solution!
\n\nMost of the time, I could take or leave fried chicken, but theirs is delish.
\""Hey, darling, you talkin' to your boyfriend?\"" the deli counter man recently teased me as I waited in line talking on my cell phone.
I moved away, had many many amazing Mexican dishes during my travels.
Bear in mind that the call to in MATLAB only accepted the second parameter as of recently.
I'm getting started with C++ and moving on from the standard intro stuff (after two books) and I'm working through "Beyond the C++ Standard Library ~ An Introduction to Boost" but I can't seem to get either Netbeans or Eclipse to compile and run my boost projects.
Ok, so I figured out a work around.
the utils app does not depend on other apps but other apps can depend on it.
jQuery Mobile changePage not working I'm trying to link to the following html page using However, it's not working.
Is there any Event to do that if Yes then How??
MVC is designed to separate business logic from presentation.
I have ate there and had carry out many times.
I will make this a regular stop between Elgin and Minnesota!
Firstly you don't need to convert to , secondly is a property, so you need to turn into a , so replace: with this:
its short if its just 2 ppl.\n\ni had the choc chip cookie pancake - melts in your mouth son!\n\ndef put me into a nice cozy nap mood tho.
is just a bunch of pairs of keys and values.
I like me some niceeee slab of ribs, drizzled in a tangy, but slightly sweet BBQ sauce.
And the output would be like: It is simple to get the sum of values using but troubles begin when I try to get of arrays with same value.
But the taste will BLOW YOUR MIND.
The meat was flavorful and deepened by its smoky flavor that coupled perfectly with the well-rounded, full-bodied spicy BBQ sauce.
/after 10 p.m.\n\nYes, there are two William Penn Taverns.
How can I change the background color of RectangleShape ?
I've been here plenty of times over the years for Panther games.
Took the wife for a nice dinner at Capital Grille.
I have not looked back since.
I looked at their forum and many people who had similar issues were not responded to.
to get the function to work for both things, or write a thin wrapper for the validation around the lookup.
I cannot add a click listener for the whole custom component like this.
If the objects aren't heavily keyed by other tables, and the lists are short, deleting everything in the domain and just re-inserting the correct list is the easiest.
Good place to watch a game.
I faced the same problem once.
From a security perspective, if the URL scheme opens my app the first time, will it always open my app in the future?
Say when I sort the Array and 232 was the last element in the Array, when I go to Search 232 the Binary Search Function gives me back not found and I look for any other ID with in the array and give it back with the records.
Command line (note that all percent signs are escaped as and that and characters are escaped within a pair of double quotes: Batch script, method (note that all percent signs are escaped as ): Batch script, only for output : Batch script, script wide (note that exclamation sign is escaped as ):
Instead of: create a parameterized query: There are other fixes you should apply to the code: define and variables before the loop so that you don't need to connect to the database and open a cursor on every iteration you should properly close the cursor and connection objects instead of calling database query on each iteration step, consider gathering the data into a list and then insert once after the loop Hope that helps.
I said to myself, why the hell the I move here.
The obvious property of methods is that function scope has access to both provider and instance injectors: Less obvious but still important property of methods is that they affect the application after config phase, while module methods don't, this creates the possibilities for lazy loading and other undocumented but potentially beneficial techniques:
This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing.
it looks nice on the Emulator.
Coming from the northeast, me and Cajun anything were not acquainted until I came to the Cajun Queen.
Put the exterior container height with a fixed value, It can be stretching the listview so it will never show the scrollbar.
players = 10 It might not make any difference for built-in types e.g.
The default value of this property is true.
It's not difficult to pick up, especially if you already have a strong understanding of C.
I have to keep going back there.
The quality of the dishes was better than we had even in New York City.\n\nThis is definitely a restaurant to bookmark and remember for the ages.
Hot or cold, healthy or cupcakes, you can find something to please even the pickiest of eaters.
\n\nIf you're a guitar fanatic you'll definitely love it here.
We eat here at least 4-5 times a year and it's always a great night with great service.
If you want to compute the Euclidean distance between vectors and , just use Pythagoras .
in this case the output is as expected but when I uncomment the first line and I use uint8_t the output is This behaviour is causing me troubles.
Have the first menu option forward to a new page...
I have an index.html file under , and a .js file under .
Came to Inferno for the first time this past weekend.
Gridview: Many controls in same row cell I have many controls in same gridview cell.
anyone can help me to do this?
(for instance, a line being drawn horizontally has an oldYcor of 99, but a newYcor of 100), which completely breaks my code and produces the squares out of place.
Before storing, cast the pointer with a - this will give you a void pointer to the most derived object ; this void pointer will, for the same objects, have the same address stored.
Your problems have moved Now you're cloud-scale&trade; :D More processing hosts running workers can be added if your queue gets too long.
This old-school gym is all about working out!
the food is great and the owner who is the only waitress treats you like family .
Not sure but I know I would have felt better unlike feeling like I was sneaking into the place.
Plenty of tvs for us to watch the games.
Send text file as array of bytes for 1st parameter or convert it while loading to .
\n\nMarriott does well with creating a comfortable home away from home: comfy desk chair, ample desk space with plenty of outlets, and my personal favorite, the ipod docking station.
For example, if you delete some rows and later insert another set of rows, server may reuse that hole to put new data, and this data may be later delivered by SELECT in physical order on disk, not in order of insertion.
I like really hot food and usually end up disappointed.
I'd really like to put this on a page as I'd like to have a custom sidebar as well.
You definitely do not want to use to delete array elements, since that leaves you with a sparse array.
So far we have: Now we need to fill in the SOMETHINGs and this is what the inner comprehension does.
I start the service from the broadcast receiver with context.startService(new Intent(context, AlertUser.class)); What happened is it did put out the msg in the status bar.
should work but haven't really tested it.
Jitters is cozy and clean, check it out if you need a quiet little place to work or study.
EDIT: When I call a website the bundles are loaded in the WebsiteKernel (a normal AppKernel that is commonly used by each website).
At the very least start by grouping your methods into smaller classes with associated functionality - the Util name indicates nothing about the purpose of your methods and smells of an incoherent class in itself.
I've implemented a method that will allow you to use an HTTP proxy for all of your traffic.
How you choose these points is up to you.
Load your half million records into your application, and store it in a cache of some kind.
We have arguably the best Thai, Indian, Nepali, Jamaican, Japanese, Chinese and American restaurants in town.
They will not seat you until everyone is there.\n\nWe were seated around a hibachi station - each station has seating for 8, so we had two strangers at the end of our station (no big, they were nice).
We were able to get back to sleep and we heard them fixing it later in the afternoon but it was annoying at the time.\n\nOther than that, I would stay here again.
Drupal URL Redirection The homepage of our website - we would like to change to to be the homepage.
In fact, it's pretty good, considering.) \n\nI also don't think the service is unfriendly at all!
Yes, but be sure you have a car and are okay with gritty cities.\n\nPros:\nBeautiful rooms.
As others have mentioned, you cannot do this.
This place is GREAT if you're looking for a tasty, quick lunch like a sandwich, burger, or salad.
I haven't done much since (apart from a few basic php sites for friends) and I'm not a natural coder though and find it quite hard going.
DX9 docs say that switching between devices puts a significant penalty to performance.
There is no requirement that columns be made a primary key.
I'm getting information how accurate my position is, for instance 5m, 100m etc.
They have a special menu for the fest, and I haven't been back to try the non-fest-fare, but it seems to me like anything you pick would be a winner.\n\nBut hands down the best part of Oktoberfest?
Better explanation: large_file.txt If this is too big then split at line 5, say .
But on another page it will show another data, like for example some image from data base in body and user profile in sidebar.
\n\nAfter attending a Mixology class with Linda (that's Linda W.
I think that maybe if they stuck to one menu, they'd get better ratings.\n\nThe best menu is their authentic Chinese menu.
I'm running VS as an administrator (Win 8 + VS 2013 -> can't run WCF if not admin).
I'll award the question to the best answer if another answer shows up.
The work was great and done very quickly.
I'm thinking that their made to order fries has something to do with it.
This way text payload will be converter to bean and bean to text.
The best pizza in Pittsburgh, hands down.
You see that this is quite a lot of work, so I wouldn't recommend this approach for really small applications; however as your application grows, this approach will show its benefits.
So the bar was set pretty high through Whole Foods and Safeway.
As such, Port Authority easily meets my first two transit requirements.
The fries on the side were crispy and soft in the middle.\nI'll be back!
I am trying to build a module in my website that will allow users to create forms (letters) in a wysiwyg type of editor with the ability to insert variables where needed from a list.
I can't speak to the food as we stopped there after dinner - but parked ourselves at the bar to watch a baseball game and have a few drinks.
I chose the \""large load\"" machine, which fit our comforter and mattress pad just fine.
I was looking for something Japanese around me but had no luck until I came across this place, the prices are fair.
For security purposes, this feature verifies that arguments to postback or callback events originate from the server control that originally rendered them.
My husband and I ate here recently at the suggestion of his sister.
It's made from Dean's Beans, decent fair-trade coffee and brewed to a consistent perfection.
\n\nDessert started out as a hard sell to my dining companions, but I had saved room--this was my birthday dinner after all!
Note that this should not be a regular expression, as the implementation will call re.escape() on this string as needed.
Not only that, but by having Blue Plate do the food, bar, and even chair and table rentals, I was able to save A LOT of money.
Trying to filter on produces an error: Has anyone been able to make heads or tails of this predicate?
Kudos!\n\nThe meatloaf is so good, my meatloaf-hating boyfriend is getting it next time.
Servers were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, but a little on the slow side.
\n\nFinally, I liked the style of the place.
Your checks compare with strings not including newline characters, so they always fail.
All the client has to be served by this single instance of machine learning program so that the main program has to be trained only once.
How do i change the SELECT query from this: To having this query below in $tre: I want the to place the second query inside of $tre = mysql_query(); I am having trouble doing so because the second query has brackets in them and being new i am not sure how to do it correctly.
Because font outlines are not designed to be distorted!
I personally still prefer my Detroit Institute of Art, but this museum is still nice.
See this cookbook page on how to setup a controller as a service.
Stanford Parser and Part-of-Speech (POS) Tagger - Java packages for sentence parsing and part of speech tagging from the Stanford NLP group.
All and all it was good, however I would recommend to ANY hotel that have guests that are prone to kiss behave and not obey the rules to either NOT have anyone stay in t contiguous room (or on the floor at all) or to warn them prior to checking them in.
I almost wished it had a little bit more heat to it, but very good.
My cell phone battery just doesn't last as long as it used to.
As far as why, this is just how C++ works.
Friday night was a great night to go, was busy, but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!
}' is only true for the first file in the arguments list.
The airport is bigger than it looks from the outside.
I also would Recommend the specialty salad.
Cannot iterate over ExecutionResult I have written a test, copying the official cypher query example from here and adding a needed cast.
\n\nI think for brunch they offer one of the best bloody Mary's in the city, with just the right amount of kick!
My companion had the \""Center Cut Prime Ribeye\"" and she agreed with my assessment of perfection.\n\nI saw many of the apps and sides being delivered to other tables, but after a soup (which I will describe in a moment) and steak, who could eat so much.
However I am looking into implementing a Similarity Search feature that allows you to specify a Query graph that would be matched if not exact, close (similar).
This is my question: The request and response objects are used within the method body but I do not see any object creation e.g.
Rusty's has been around forever and it is frequented by everyone in the neighborhood.
Little did I know I could get a delicious, warm, and fresh vegetable hummus pita across the street for a little over a dollar.
This is my local Taco bell, and my Taco Bell of choice.
Please try to search first your question on google if you not found your solution on google in that case you should post your question.
Because NHibernate is popular and very good at what it does, and EF is likely to pick up most of the remainder (particularly devs that don't want to stray from Microsoft-supplied frameworks), the barrier to entry for a new player is very high.
It was estimated that my car would be finished by Friday afternoon.
Instead of using 2 nested loops, convert into an object that has the as the key.
If that doesn't work, you may have to scrap the xib and start again.
The Home Economist does just that.
I love that this place serves Sprecher root beer.
At the end of the meal, we've always gotten a stick of gum :)\n\nIf you choose to carry out, it's a simple call and your food is ready by the time you drive down there.
When I try this code on Windows Azure, notifications sometimes fail to send, and restarting the website (Standard mode) helps.
Now when I scroll It stops and don't have a smooth scroll, like when I scroll on a RecyclerView.
You get a half of each selection that you pick, which is nice to try some of their different menu items.
The one i like is jBPM .
Thumbs up to the high ratio of booth seating.
(Less error-prone.) If not, create a (virtual) method which returns the special properties.
Just render old data on new page?
My terminal tells me that my war is getting added, but nothing that says it's expanded
(you get the pt.)\n\nBut yes, this is a rather larger airport.
More or less, a handler would be used to return "anything but HTML".
is there anyway I can detect (in jQuery) when the of an is changed (by someone else?)
\n\nThe entrees at Cajun Queen are around the $20 range which makes it really easy to blow your Groupon for a date night.
They have a couple of great salmon dishes that I really like and a striped bass.
When you submit the the request is made to the create action.
Don't be fooled with the strip shop location, this is a nice little place very close to downtown charlotte.\n\nI had the chicken parm-- way to much for me to finish.
I WILL BE BACK TO TRY THE FOOD AND RESTAURANT PIECE OF BLUE , but in the meantime before I write that review, go check out the bar and live music!
You need to register a callback that will fire when the result of becomes available.
If you need a tasty breakfast for cheap, saunter in here(well, the sauntering might cause some dirty looks--it's pretty low key).
this is probably the simplest way to do it, using a loop : you can refactor that to use the functional methods provided by the framework: and you could write this without the toRemove variable, by chaining the ForEach onto the FindAll
Great student body, great classes, profs, world class research, great athletics (at least B-Ball was when I was there, although football kind always sucked) .
See the following example, which pushes a WebViewController when a barcode is scanned.
There are about 100 HTML files in the root directory too.
His favorite is the Kung Pao Shrimp.
What makes a hot dog a true Chicago dog...well let me tell you.
Smarty variable in array index Have months array and want show this month in loop I get white page, what is wrong with my code ?
I'll be honest- we only ate here because we were given a $100 gift card.
This small and very quaint Italian restaurant is located in the heart of Shadyside.
Mike's doesn't really need another stellar review on here, but I'll give them another one anyway.\n\nI'm a choir director at a church, and after rehearsal a few weeks ago, one of my choir members ran into my car in the parking lot and crunched the rear bumper.
However, those gyros are a fraction of the size and a fraction of the goodness of their regular ones.
I feel like this is some of the only German food in Pittsburgh, and I think it represents fairly well.
You should definitely save room for desert and there is no better desert here than the chocolate souffle'.
If you are staying at a hotel near by, it's worth the walk.\n\nThe service can be a little slow when it's busy but when you take a bite, you'll forget about it all.
So the code that iterates over the JSON structure generated by the level editor can create an instance of any type the same way, using something like: This is similar to the code visible at around the 1 minute mark of the video you linked to.
I want to start it from scratch i.e.
Ensure that all the existing deployed config complies with this BP before you start your design, it will make the problem much more manageable.
Keeps me coming back, for sure.\n\nAwesome building, and historic - apparently, the city of Monona was founded there!
The result should be: I tried myself a couple of queries and this is the closest I've come to: This is the result I get: So now I'm missing the in the result.
Can I do this with WebRTC?
Since Ceylon can run of any JVM, the implementation of Ceylon to create android app should be pretty simple as far as I understand.
I am trying to find a regex which selects all occurences of and surrounds them with .
I'm sure this is really basic, but I can't figure it out.
I solved it altogether differently: upon a selection change event I enable a short timer which, when ticked, checks whether or not there's a selected item in the ListView, and if not, it selects the first one.
I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME.
My colleague also really enjoyed his pecan encrusted trout.
You still need to use instead of , because NH needs its own collection implementation.
\n\nThe rooms are somewhat dated but still nicely appointed.
(It was a make-up Father's Day dinner.) All were fabulous.
Total pages in PDF using html2pdf I have some HTML using which I am printing a PDF, I would like to get the count of total pages the PDF will produce in a PHP Variable.
but hey, you asked for it anyway.
The airport is layout is like a hand--1 terminal with 5 \""wings\"" if you will.
Scouring Apple's documentation I can't seem to get a good idea of following: If I want to update an existing application on the store do I have to go through the review process again in full?
The free wifi and coffee from the cafe car make the trip even more enjoyable!
Animated Gif Frames To Array of BufferedImages I am trying to extract all the frames of an animated gif to an array of bufferedimages.
In IE, it did not seem to be a problem.
Both of them expect me to use arrays such that the number of rows are more than the number of coloumns .
textbox-X is in different asp page and textbox-Y in different page but both are contained in one base page default.asp i used the following condition and code to hide my textbox-Y, but in vein.
On the other hand, when I start the application and I am less than 10m away from the starting point, it detects it properly.
Adding time to curdate mysql I have two columns, one is a datetime, and another is a time.
Very clean, spacious, with a ridiculously comfortable bed and muscle-melting shower.
Cappy's is the one thing we miss.
Thus, it's solely a matter of personal aesthetical preference.
\n\nThe service was very good, helpful and quite attractive.
I can't vouch for their meat dishes, as the person I went with is also veg.
Now I'd like to integrate the mailserver into the ASP.NET forum application.
Judging from your quote it seems to me you want to do something like this ( SQLfiddle ): Count distinct values and list them, is this correct?
\n\nThe interior is very divey and I wouldn't change a thing.
For example: string="10003096,10007051,10003098,10007053,10000952,10002696,10003619,900004608" If i search for 10003096, then it exists.
iOS app submission and beta review process I'm currently developing an iOS application for a client.
I made an appointment same day and had Ka cut my hair.\n\nHe was exceptional and I am very fussy.\n\nHe took his time, listened closely to what I was looking for and nailed the cut.\n\nHe is quiet, soft spoken and very nice.\n\nMost importantly he does an excellent job of cutting a guy's hair.\n\nAnd for $15.00 you can't ask for anything better.\n\nI went to an expensive \""salon\"" in Madison and the woman did a crap job.
The have delicious sauerkraut that i enjoy as well so i usually get a side for only 99 cents.
Looking at your table , the column name is "ROLLING AREA".
I'll definitely go back to Darlene for my other alterations and repairs.
The owners/staff are really very nice too and they serve you fresh naan to order.
\n\nOther than the treats, this place makes some really decent bread.
I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!
Google App Engine - How does datastore initialization work across sessions?
I think my mother was able to get some sort of pasta dish that she really enjoyed as well.\n\nGood food, at a fair price.
It's a true continental.\nYou get yelled at for bringing your own alcohol onto the property.
sorry for my bad English .
Barely ever a line and when there is it moves faster for some odd reason.
I don't have any Windows computer, but I guess it will be the first character.
Everything else is under $5.50.\n\nWing night Wednesdays the good: 25 cent wing night.
All managed mode assembled pdb's get loaded when successfully in mixed mode assembly, but native dll's and pdb's are not getting loaded even though the information of native pdb's is shown in the Modules pane (i.e.
That'll prevent Perl from having to compile your regular expression with each loop.
The link on the comment is currently broken.
this store is like Bath & Body Works outrageously glamorous and wealthy elderly Aunt.
The solution is to use .
Came here for dinner on my birthday (back before I turned 21) and also when my parents were in town for dinner.
Nginx restarts successfully when I do a reboot of the machine from the AWS control panel.
Well , the hell with the outside!
It's upto you if you wanna use them or not...
I navigate to with like so: And currently my file looks like this: I read somewhere that is used for changing the url on navigation but I haven't been able to make any use of it from my attempts.
Just say \""no\"" and move on.
They can only be changed locally; hence the name.
It should have an easy barrier to entry and be thoroughly documented.
Most of the time - the entire floor consists of one major art piece.\n\nThis is definitely a stop for any art lovers.
It's just not worth it to try to find a spot on your own, especially if you're going uptown on the weekend for dinner (at which point, you should definitely make a reservation).
When a shoe was a little loose, he simply added some padding and the shoe fit just right.
Use : where method is from your code.
2 click on databases that appear below (server.127.0.0.1 in your case my be change) 3 then check your database which you want to drop,and click on drop.
But they do have a generic brand for most items.
In general, most any Dispose() method should be able to call GC.SupressFinalize(), because it should clean up everything that would be cleand up in the finalizer.
Cool.\n\nI spend a lot of time in Hilldale teaching ballet to tiny humans, so I decided to do my weekly shopping at Metcalfe's for the convenience.
concierge service and tip jars in the bathrooms?
In app.js : @Tim Brown : in my case socket.set alone is not working because it's passing a reference so I end up dealing with the same issue.
\n\nWe thought 12 hours would be almost unbearable, but we were surprised how fast it went being able entertain ourselves with electronic devices at all times, sleep together in our double seats, and have the ability to get up and explore or stretch whenever we wanted.
Please just let me see one round of Playoffs in Pittsburgh before I die..
Normally, a server VM uses the interpreter to collect profiling information about methods that is fed into the compiler.
Anyway, conceptually, the data area allocated by the statement can be referenced by the ptr or it can be referenced by the pointer produced by the statement.
I want to automate clicking a button with 3 times with an interval of say 5 seconds with casperjs , for that I have written the code below But this only working once, what I want to do is to repeat the loop 3 times with a specific interval, since this is a JavaScript ajax post on clicking the vote button and it updates the database, is it doing all 3 clicks at once?
\n\nWe also had the 3 springs rolls as an appetizer.
I believe I've done everything right 1-I got the API KEY 2-I added the Google_Play_Services_lib.jar to the dependencies folder 3-added extra support tool 4-included the permissions,my key to the manifest 5-added fragment to my xml layout fie for the map please help I feel like I've read and watched every tutorial there is...nothing worked!
There's a complete testing sandbox solution ( support document ), and when adding/editing your REST API application, you can click the "Edit" link next to "App Redirect URLs" and specify both a testing URL and live URL for production.
This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's.
Okay, this answer is SQL Server specific, but should be adaptable to other RDBMSs, with a little work.
I am a pescatarian so I don't know how their meats are however I can tell you about a few of their dishes.
Is there a possibility with a other command to do this?
Thus translation affects the scaling values also.
In cases where jQuery really isn't needed, I don't really suggest it.
Here is very good article about it
The cucumber dill sauce for the salmon was out of this world!!!
just make sure the file is maked as "Resource" in visual studio.
It is unclear whether the beacons you are using have this capability.
I play bass in a band (unfortunately, we're not as active as we once were) and most of the time I wear, well, whatever.
Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around.
This was my first experience at Lidia's and it was amazing.
I'd be more inclined to curl up on one of those comfy chairs and read here while off, but it's a bit cold in here.
MYSQL Statistics I write a class to check some statistics and I don't know what mean the terms and If they are bad and output: is something wrong ?
Call different (localized) view based on current culture I'm using which implements to localize views.
Flex is an addition to the actionscript 3 language that provides way to new interrogation features from server technologies like java, php, asp and connection between multiple flash applications and databases.
Aside from the other good examples of how to use Core Location, also keep in mind the general technique for getting good kinematics results from a not-so-great sensor (e.g.
The solution is a little bit more than just making sure you precompile the assets, which by the way heroku will do when you push so you don't have to.
\n\nTIP: If you go through the drive thru expect to wait longer than a fast food drive thru.
Then the middle stick has length n-x-y, if the original stick's length was n.
\n\nWholly's sells fresh fish and other meats, so a very convenient place for a sushi bar.
It is possible to query the "like" table using the comment "xid" as a "post_id".
Probably won't go back because I have found cheaper salons that do a better job since going to MCN.
Service is almost always fast (CLT has been undergoing renovations since the Dark Ages so it can be challenging for anyone to get around that airport) and it is sometimes not their fault if they have problems getting to the terminal quickly.\n\nI once had a minor damage report and had to get the car repaired on my insurance.
No matter where you put this code, you will need a reference to the view to get its bounds.
Having basic cable for a few years now, I guess I missed who Lidia is.
The place is small and narrow, but has several floors, so it's bigger than it actually seems.
Let's define a term: from a domain perspective, for example is an operation.
Assuming that you are looking to set all elements for each row until the last negative element to be set to zero (as per the expected output listed in the question for a sample case), two approaches could be suggested here.
Also putting in num2words is supposed to return the same but instead my program capitalizes it like num2Words.
I had some pictures of the type of color effect I wanted and she kept arguing with me that all of the pictures were different and that I needed to pick one.
We have never had a long wait for a table and once we are seated we are always waited on right away.
If you don't really care about the , you can change your model to .
If you want to be updated when that data changes then you would want to use a with that same .
All above written about IE is related to the actual HTA properties only, all HTML, scripts and privilegs work well.
It's small but cool at the same time.
Nevertheless, it was all overshadowed by that steak.\n\nOk, now let's talk about the service.
I'm having some trouble with data-attributes, I can't get anything to work for some reason so I must be doing something wrong: Set: Does that make a difference?
The downstairs has sort of open booths where you can just chat and upstairs is the dance floor, with an additional top floor.
Well, Alla Famiglia is in the Allentown area which is not a neighborhood of choice.
We were too stuffed for dessert, but I and another guy had cappuccinos, which were delicious and speckled with freshly grated nutmeg.\n\nThe final bill was high (trust this country bumpkin when she says this place ain't cheap), but not unreasonable for most of what we ordered, and the service was impeccable.
A progress bar is probably not visible on top of all desktops, and thus aesthetically worthless.
Got it working with just a few changes.
Are there escape characters that are needed for some of them?
He was very good about offering us fresh ground pepper for our salads along with the freshly grated cheese over your dish.\n\nWhen you first walk in, Ciro's has a quality about it that almost makes it formal, but it seemed okay for a casual lunch.
Food came out faster than I could have ever imagined.
I changed the command to execute a call to a batch script which then called the print command.
During an exercise, Garmin allows you to pause recording so that your split times and pace are not affected.
Kurty is correct in that you shouldn't need to subclass in this case.
Probably because of the amount of things we ordered the fryer was not hot enough.
The salad sounded amazing, with arugula, pear, walnuts, and gorgonzola (get in mah belleh) but we all noticed that there was quite a lack of...well, pear.
It has implementations of probabilistic natural language parsers, both highly optimized PCFG and lexicalized dependency parsers, and a lexicalized PCFG parser.
I love the ARC and this is my absolute favorite place to donat
Overall, a decent beer shop, as long as we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in PA.
However, I really like the location of this shop, which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops.
I've been to many of the great restaurants in town, such as Fig Tree, but my choice for my birthday meal is the BBQ King!
\n\nThere are lots of places to sit and relax before your flight.
I also really enjoy the cheese and mushroom quesidilla and the fajitas.
Changing the constraint to solves this error.
Example i have this string: Alex are mere The result should be: Aelx are mree But i get this when i run my program: Axel` aler This is the code:
the waiter was friendly but not intrusive.
When the connection is lost, or not yet retrieved, show the last known location on the map.
I found two similar WebKit bugs which have been open since 2007: 15485 and 13281 .
You can change the raw data from "&lt;0" to "-1" before you tabulate it with: Or you can tabulate it first and then get the headings with ...and change it there if you want.
Unanimously, we wanted Cajun Queen.\nWe were all already lit up from our daylight binging, so by the time we stumbled in we were ready for a good time.
And this is the image of combobox within .
If in the header section if I use the below formula In the Second Page even if the records are displayed Pageheader is not displayed.I understand it becos the formula says it all.
So, as you know for carrierwave the forms looks like the follow: What i want to do now is to remove the "name" field.
There were about 8 of us.
You can use the zip/postal code as the lookup key.
It says: This happens when I go to My base URL: .
Or is this just two ways of doing the exact same thing (ie implicitly and explicitly).
If malloc returns there's probably a reason for it (out of memory for example).
So this is an optimization step that may affect exactly which parts of a program run, but cannot affect which programs are valid and which ones are in error (at least from the standpoint of whether or not they compile).
If you run you'll get an output similar to this.
However, I doubt that you want that kind of UI.
The shrimp are massive and tasty.
It's currently marked abstract because I only want derived classes to be instantiated.
\nThe only 'drawback' and I think that is what some of the sushi connoisseurs are quick to point out, is that the sushi rice is not seasoned.
Edit Additionally, this code: Gives this output:
Is there any opensource samples of JQuery usages of StackOverFlow-like sites......
They have a great wine list and our server made some excellent suggestions.
\n\nI would give higher ratings, but some drunk regular yelled at us for ordering from the menu instead of the \""board.\"" Unpleasant.
We had no problem getting in and out, ordering a drink quickly at intermission, and receiving directions on where to find our seats.
NOW, we were driving near campus and we drove by Bombay and I am more then happy we stopped.
About a year ago, I started developing some utilities to track analyst performance by comparing results at earlier levels to final levels.
Everything from the service to the food was excellent.
They offer outside seating when the weather is nice.
You need a simple regular language over c1 and c2.
The great thing about A.M is it is not that easy to find.
I tried akka-stream 2.4.8 with the following sample code: output: How to wait broadcast results?
The only other Pittsburgh place where I've found coffee this delicious was at Commonplace Coffee in Squirrel Hill.
This isn't le bernadin in nyc.
Then I just set up the Group Headers to fake being my Page Headers along with group headers (basically just 5 lines of Group Headers, one of which was blank to provide some space).
The chef is from Grand View, a fantastic actual restaurant, not bar restaurant.
Rock climbing is an awesome sport, great exercise, challenging both mentally and physically and it helps you use all of your muscles, especially your legs,fingers and forearms.
But there is no column with name 'Value'.
The front is run by one of the owners and her service is very brief as she seats you and quickly moves on to the next task.
somewhere else where you can enjoy hating flavor.
We are talking at least 24 ounces.\n\nMy bill came to about 14 dollars, which I thought was perfectly reasonable considering the size of the beer, the amount and tastiness of the meal.\n\nWould definitely go again.
Maybe that's why they always:\n\n--Remember my name\n--Remember I like medium starch\n--Return my clothes quickly \n--Do so for only $1.50 per shirt\n\nI tried a lot of the bigger cleaners, paid a lot more money and was never satisified until I found this hole in the wall cleaners.
My car was diagnosed, fixed, and cleaned up in a few hours and they didn't charge me through the roof for it!!
This is less of a programming questions and more of a general math question.
The only restrictions are: " it should be delimited from the body of the message by a single line consisting of exactly two hyphens, followed by a space, followed by the end of line (i.e., "-- \n") ".
Get reference dll into another dll which is exposed to COM I'm want to find the answers for this problem: I'm developing a .NET 4.0 DLL wich has reference to another third party Dll FTP.
That means referencing a commit from the issue will allow the user to see the branch (by looking at the commit), and even to see a link back to the issue (still by looking at the commit).
Nice work area with plenty of outlets, but they still charge for an Internet connection ($12.95 per day), sweet bed linens (if you like them alot, you can purchase them through a catalog in the room) and a bathroom stocked with Bath and Body works products.
Everything was flavorful and cooked perfectly.
You can add an image container with empty src inside your text container with 100% height and 0 width set by css.
\nIf you've heard many comedy stand up about this place..
JPQL for a Unidirectional OneToMany I need a jpql query for my Spring repository interface method, to retrieve all Posts for a given Semester.
So you may have a to get an implementation of the interface.
Update: It's possible to do it like this but then I get a column for each result.
Edit: Alternativly you could disable GPS when you don't need it so that no app has the possibility to use it in background.
As it turns out this was the best restaurant wr have been to in a while.
A coworker created his branch and it isn't on my machine either.
So far I have I want it to take up the entire screen.
I believe I'm on the right track, but have hit a dead end.
I have all of the various pieces working independently now I'd just like them to talk to each other!!
Why are the goals showing the same conversion rate?
The program is using log4cplus to (obviously) log - i already included the needed files, but when building VS tells me, that is missing.
When you run Spark in client mode , the driver process runs locally .
I recommend starting with a starter such as the tuna sashimi, but don't waste $7 on edamame that you could buy at Trader Joes.
in the success callback of your ajax request).
More About Verbs This is where the verbs are for screen savers.
NSDistributedNotification Center call (swift) Regular notifications Typical notifications Menue tracking Application comes to foreground backup systemBeep 0:00 dayChange Example 3.
If you are using for developing, every time you add a button to your a chunk of code is generated: This function is called every time you push the said button.
\n\nEvery fall, Rural Hill Farm offers the \""Amazing Maize Maze,\"" a challenging corn maze where you collect clues to find your way out!
Every Http request is a new connection (unless Keep-Alive is sent).
Does anybody know a solution for this?
\n\nFunny guy too, I will return.
However, both times I called well after the date she told me they would be done and then she would tell me they would be done by the end of the week (they always were).
They were in constant communication with me about the repairs, etc.
Nathan really helped with the planning and the scheduling and made the entire process so much better for us.
for desert i got the caramel bomb and it was DELISH!!!!
You say that you need to access to calculate inside the method and also that is not ready.
Nothing better then the strip district in Pittsburgh.
You do not need to get the category object, you can just create a new category object and dynamically set the id.
Idea is to push from development server to production server using git.
I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!
We started out with some drinks and those lovely hot buttermilk biscuts with strawberry butter.
Once you join the UFO club ($18) you get a beerknurd shirt and can enjoy free brunch every Sunday.
Code version when selected option is blank:
That brings us to the utility of background size.
Some background: We are aiming to use a floating score in our upcoming tech reviews on a webpage, meaning that you assign a product an absolute score (lets say 67) and then the maximum score would be able to move as new and better products hit the market.
Glusterfs failover, high availability and scalability How glusterfs can gracefully handle the failover scenario?
linking to indices within the Viewers table from the Report table.
Link to a (cropped) screenshot of the waterfall from the normal Firefox dev tools..
Tips aren't mandatory, but after the disgusting restroom in PHL, I gladly fished in my purse and forked over 75 cents to the attendant who was keeping the place spotless.
Storing log into .log file using SLF4j/log4j I am using SLF4J and as per requirement i have to store the logs into the .log file.
I enjoy their sushi and know when I get a chicken dish I don't have to guess if it is eatable always good white meat.
She helped me pick out my frames and helped me save 100$ on my frames at the register.
For a more grown up taste ;) try the pizzas or pimento cheese!
This one in the University area has that same look, but for some reason doesn't capture the same ambiance and provide me with that \""feeling.\"" I tried my favorite dish on their menu (the buffalo burger, made from real buffalo), but it didn't taste as good as the Orlando ones.
This code was completely working before, but after some time, its output is not the same anymore.
Maybe if your root folder was created before that change, you could create a new root folder and shift your content over?
If I understand you correctly URL rewriting is not what you need.
Then you wouldn't have to decode it.
It's a real bar with lots of beers to choose from both well known brands, and more obscure ones.
Food is standard fast food, but...
After that, NDbUnit should properly work with tables in other schemas.
Soot Framework Intraprocedural Graph Traverse Giving Exception: Invalid Unit I am traversing body of methods using soot framework.
Yes, brews on tap could be more plentiful, but it's as good as Champaign gets if you're looking for a beer garden.
After some digging, I found that one of the procurements was still running.
Reverse words in C Language I'm trying to reverse the letters for words in a sentence.
\n\n1 Bonus star for accommodating the Pittsburgh area Buffalo Bills fans!
You almost always want strict, though there are times when nonstrict is the correct operation.
I am retrieving a page from the same domain, so it is not violating the same origin policy (as far as I'm aware).
Opinion Finder - A system that performs subjectivity analysis, automatically identifying when opinions, sentiments, speculations and other private states are present in text.
Likely, with iOS8, the path that you have saved won't be valid across launches.
I'm not sure whether you just implemented the by accident, and are now trying to generalise it, or genuinely recognised the (congrats!), but you've reinvented the method .
Maple converting vectors to data to plot I have a list of vectors, like this: How do I convert these to data I can plot?
I love Cracker Barrel for Sunday morning, on the way out of Champaign food.
Unset mysql_fetch_field object value MYSQL PHP I have a code like this I have a stored procedure which will fetch all the info.
What you are now doing is getting the from the ServletContext itself not from the HttpServletRequest.
Rails find by condition Just wondering if there is any function that allows to do that: MyModel.find_by_conditon(method_a - method_b > 0) def method_a next_service_date.to_i end def method_b last_service_date.to_i end def next_service_date service_date.present?
Creating a new custom adapter class 2.
I popped in to the Frick because, well, why not?
Use with zzzzBov's A more concise way to write it :
CDH5, on the other hand, will be.
My only regret is that I couldn't get it with a Yeungling :( All the more reason to come back!
I know I should use CSS and set the z-index, but do not know how to do it in this case.
For instance, distributed revision control systems have far better tools for anyone who might ever have to access sources remotely (does your company have branch sites?)
The special is $8 and is plenty of food.
I'm passing 10 and 2 for input right now.
In short you specify the version you want once in a parent/top-level project and then declare the dependency without version in the other projects.
I have designed a schema like: So editing a doc would take the current doc, make a copy, and update the document, sticking current_doc into prev_docs, etc.
Why does it even refer the .dll if I have the .jar lib in my web app?
I don't understand why the writeTo() and parseFrom() function does not working.
I tried to add the TTNavigator-code to loadView(), viewDidLoad() and init() in the AlbumController itself without a result.
\n\nNext to the craft beer stand, was a mini sports bar with 6 TVs showing other games being played during that time.\n\nAs other reviews have said parking can be a bit of a pain but we got there early to tailgate and parked about 4 blocks away on Mint Street.\n\nThe people who work in the stadium are all very friendly and really get into entertaining the crowds.
The menu is an upgrade from your typical bar/grill.
It was unlike any I've had in NOLA -- not barbqued, but roasted shrimp and scallops in a tomato butter sauce.
I was nervous about finding talent, especially since my last few hair appointments in a new city had been less than stellar experiences.
We love this Big Burrito establishment as it matures and becomes a perennial choice to enjoy, no matter the season.
They have a sense of humor.
They were quick to assist me during my panic state and were able to locate my belongings and made sure they were safe within 5 minutes.
- A web project containing the domainservice that uses the datacontext in the library.
They have very fresh ingredients to top your burritos and salads.
When I walked into this place I felt like I was walking into my dad's favorite bar in my hometown.
like in .htaccess And at least you can detect your environment and choose between two roots, both written in conditions at the top.
One of the fears with moving to a new place is not finding a good place for a haircut.
Why does the outer function return a function Because: (a) It has a return statement in front of a function expression and (b) The returned function is used as an argument to a function that expects that argument be a function where does the event-variable come from From the native browser code that implements the event listener routines (according to the specification for )
He stated that he also likes to pick a different educational article to give to all his patients every week, which I read and appreciated as well!\n\nA great review aside the best compliment I can give this Dr.
He can help you a lot.
use group by for aggregate function (and for this you don0t need distinct )
This particular one across from SouthPark Mall deserves its own entry, though, because of its uniqueness.
But with binary files you'll generally use .
As you see Third table should has it's PK in Widget class.
While I don't live in Highland Park, it's definitely worth an occasional trip.
They check in on the table frequently and always have a good recommendation on what beer is next.
The acronyms for this is endless, contributing to my migraine but if this were a standard application, I'd just open a port, tell the other client about it (I can do this via the webapp if I need to) and have the other connect.
It has also a property called that maybe contains what you are looking for.
That's proactive and we appreciated it.
Many other compilers like Visual C++ don't support VLA .
The hand-made pita that comes with the crab dip is very tasty, though I wish there was more dip for all those pita chips.
Take advantage and talk it out.
This means that the object instance reference cannot be changed but the properties of the object instance can be changed as long as they themselves are not declared final.
No wait service, just fast service.
HTML CSS JQUERY (on document ready)
I'm VERY picky about sushi, hubby loves it, and he can rarely get me to eat it.
The reuben was great and they have Dr.
Luckily, we arrived early on Saturday night (around 6:30), so we didn't have to wait for a table...
Is there any hidden subtlety, is one perferred, or is one just a shorter way to write the other?
The servers have always suggested the Pasta Trio, which my wife had.
For high volume, low cost software, I'd tend to live with the piracy based on increasing the size of the user base and product visibility.
Otherwise, Smoky Jon's seems like a fun place to dine in as well (lots of exposed wooden paneling and checkered tablecloths).
Went here because I was staying at the airport hotel 1 night.
Not a big fan of American Chinese cuisine, but this makes the cut.\n\nPlace - hip, Asian fusion venue, that is classy yet hip in a way that gives the place a warm and inviting atmosphere.
Some of the staff has worked there for years - a nod to this awesome locally/family owned eatery.
\n\nWe bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum.
Edit: The flag in cpuid(0x80000007) can be used to tell whether RDTSC is reliable or not (though this does not really solve the problem, because what to do if it isn't, if there is no alternative...).
\n\nI need to find more places like this.
If you need any of them, you need to do them yourself.
It means that generate 1500 samples from my 8 positive images?
It's so good that it actually makes me smile thinking about it.
+lots of plugs\n\nShower is hot, a good thing, and towels are soft and fresh.
Despite this, we ate all but two of them, so they were still good.\n\nMy tangerine chicken was OUTSTANDING.
Great service, excellent place to get breakfast at any time of the day
For the complete working example you can go through the example here.
The initial tableau will be aligned, although subsequent changes to the column widths will change that.
Validating Input Fields with JavaScript or jQuery I need to check to make sure that four fields have some kind of value in them.
In cake2 you can use a cleaner approach - with or without the new response object: The headers will be set by cake itself from the controller.
[entry point] object Boot extends App { new AkkaStreamSample01().doit } [java -version] java version "1.8.0_102" [build.sbt]
I've made an android app that uses the JSON Google image search API to provide images but I have noticed that Google have stopped supporting it.
Food on brunch buffet is fresh, simple and some of the best I've had on a buffet in the Madison area.
Charlotte's hidden gem located near NoDa.
Those are piped through your stream, where the contents get transformed.
I do know (from looking at previous questions) that i can just check the OS and then open the proper command line, but is there a way to open the command line from a java method that is OS agnostic?
The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
Of course, if you want anything else on it they start jacking up the price, even for mayo or veggies.
I sampled some of the soups as well and all were good, but maybe not great.
Other than that would wouldn't want to restrict their opening of the actual window
Order of Files collection in FileSystemObject In VBScript, I want to get a list of files in a folder ordered by creation date.
The principles you're used to (small classes that do their one thing well) is a good one.
Not a guru on Apache, but this may be the most flexible solution.
This place is great always has been.
\nThe appetizers are also quite good, very nice flavors.
If you've posted your code correctly, the problem is with Coffeescript.
Cucumbers, Roasted corn, peppers, onions and bacon pieces.
But ultimately I went back to Dr.
You can filter our from your structure by writing or by writing to get the same result.
Process Builder cannot find the path specified, using AppData folder This is probably a simple question, I'm fairly new to Java but in my search I haven't been able to figure out why exactly this code doesn't work.
So I need to redirect that single page to the home page.
Another solution could be to start the application as the user and use "Debug | Attach to process..."
I love the food and the service.
Also, the recommendation for having two same-major-version Python in a system is to keep both in different prefixes, like the system one in /usr, and the other in /opt (/usr/local won't suffice for a clear separation).
The scallops were cooked perfectly, and I mean PERFECTLY.
I love the confirmation email you get when making the reservation.
The output is different for failures.
My friends and I refer to this place as the Aquarium.\n\nWho would've thunk one could find such an awesome exotic pet store in the middle of Champaign?\n\nI came here to see whether they had any hedgehogs, and was pleasantly surprised at everything else they had!\n\nYou find tropical fish of all sorts, koi the size of submarines, frogs, lizards, newts, snakes, spiders, birds, and pretty much any furry little creature (including chinchillas, ferrets, etc.)....
I stocked up on jarred sauces, which are reasonably priced, generously portioned, and most importantly--fresh and delicious.
As an apology for waiting, they threw in free samosas!
I have heard that the Ben & Jerry's in the Arbo is selling CoffeeWorks coffee.
For example, File 1 contains output only 8 fields.
Then again you are hover the and it repeat infinitly.
You can solve it either by putting a padding-bottom on either: or
Javascript: What is the benefit of two sets of parentheses after function call I understand that in Javascript a function can return another function and it can be called immediately.
However, I have already been facing this error with 4.2.0 in a situation where the grid picker was sitting in a window, but it was in a code base with lots of overrides and that used the sandboxed version of Ext4...
Given is a timestamp of an exported DXL from a Lotus Notes document, which looks like that: Trying to get the format working with , like: But with no luck >>> .
Best approach for implementing Backbone js and jQuery Can some one help me to find the best approach?
They seem to specialize in recovery - from addiction, abuse, etc., but they also have an even larger collection of self help and metaphysical subjects.
I have no idea about windows.
They cut it off the bone at the Dor-Stop and is shows.
But I don't see a way to do this with the V4L2 API spec, nor do I see any examples of v4l2-enabled apps (gstreamer, ffmpeg, transcode, etc) reading both audio and video from a single device.
So you essentially are asking for a one to many mapping.
First, a general note, as stated by the Android Docs : To answer your questions: Yes - you can use Async task as if it were just a background thread - an Async task is merely a wrapper of and that allows the thread to seamlessly communicate with the UI thread.
This is not longer useful as modern garbage collectors are optimized for handling short-living objects.
How can I tell that the project needs to be deployed, without exposing it to the project?
I discovered the cmdlet which allows scripts to be ran on the VM using PowerShell.
You could try this code to obtain the machine epsilon for values:
Yes, Browser-Sync has snippet-mode for the case in which a proxy won't work.
Searching for an image that already exist in plist file (xcode) I am a new iphone developer, I am currently working on a project.
Stayed here after a KISS concert at the Verizon Ampitheater.
\n\nEvery single course was interesting, beautiful and delicious.
The menu has so many varieties of foods.
It should, but it probably doesn't.
The weird thing, though, is that the slots are "fixed", so only 4 total register args can be used, even when you have a mix of integer and fp args.
Log in to their profile via the header from any page on the site.
Angular2 - Different views with different template With $stateProvider and abstract property in Angular 1, I could create different views with different template easily.
Javascript swapping values I need to be able to go through a randomized 3 x 3 matrix and check to see if the numbers are in order (i.e.
First: add status as an index on the database table, this will speed up the select portion of the script.
Good food, pretty hard to find.
Any pointers about how I could tackle this (and libraries out there, or example algorithms for java) would be great.
Have 10 Billion documents in total.
We could delegate to the Range object or use the Range object directly, but this value object lets us expose only the interface we want.
Question is…is this a "bad" thing to do, or is this incorrect compiler behavior?
This is the same case as with forward declaration of class/struct type: So basically says: hey there is a structure defined somewhere outside this file.
Finally go to the Tip Top last night for dinner and had a great experience.
In TortoiseSVN, it's TortoiseSVN -> Add.
However, it's of course also possible to manually invoke view rendering that way a proper body would be set for the response.
But the structure of the the XDocument seems to be wrong.
I use the gym for group classes and this place offers quite a bit.
It's starts up, hangs on the compile and then crashes.
and how we enjoyed where we stayed just as much.
What could be the cause and solution for this?
Years ago I saw Primanti Bros.
A double BOM-header is wrong in any case.
I saw Shakespeare's \""As You Like It\"".
Nothing particularly wrong, but not in the \""best thing ever\"" category.
This is because we've given this object a lobotomy by only populating the 'name' field - there's not even a valid 'id' field associated!
I've installed Visual Basic Power Pack 3 in Visual Studio 2008 SP1.
Piston loads a http status response via , no errors are raised.
if you use the wrong tool for a given job, you will be over complicating things (think spoon when all you need is a knife).
It's clean, I'm all for that.
Anyone who likes The Walking Dead AND Downton Abbey is alright in my book!\n\nAll Pets has been able to see me with very short notice, has never rushed me in and out the door, and always made me feel like my dogs were their top priority, even on busier days.
It was very floral and sweet, perfect for me.
Is there any way to take component_id or index id or else part of Widgets Programmatically?
It will be displayed to the user while trying to access the camera.
However, our server was very friendly and attentive - and they also give you your coffee in a to go cup after you finish your sit down breakfast.
Overall, an airport that's rapidly improving.
I will definitely make it a point to come back for dinner in the future.
I also got exactly the same error like yours.
Edit: The answer that was suggested does not answer what I wanted.
Fountain drinks are self-served as well as some of the sides (such as pasta salads, fruit cups, etc).
The menu has standards you grew up loving, as well as modern dishes and new twists on classic gems!
Check Muneeb's answer for information on how to It should be as simple as: sudo yum install lapack lapack-devel blas blas-devel Step two: install scipy using pip.
I had heard about Cuisine Malaya but always was hesitant to try it.
If I could change on thing, I would prefer fresh herbs on the gyro instead of dried.
Then you can simply use to get the unique values.
I almost wished my layover was longer the last time, so I could of checked out even more.
\n\nThe space is pretty small, but there is actually a lot of seating.
Unit testing Python Flask Stream Does anybody have any experience/pointers on testing a Flask Content Streaming resource?
Go only with 2-4 people (otherwise you are one of THOSE parties that will hold everything up and screw up the seating)\n2.
The client wanted to count all the occurences of the number "1" in a specified range.
Governance is a way to limit script execution to avoid the overcomsuption of resources server side, as metioned in the documentation: SuiteScript API Governance Perhaps the behavior your are experiencing is not the intended.
In my case I had this problem with Avast Antivirus, which was blocking my simulators request (don't ask me why).
The minute I walked in the staff was super nice.
If anyone has experience doing this, advice would be extremely appreciated!
No indoor seating (usually folks just eat in their car or on the tailgate).
Greg and Mary Anne were working with my mom and I and they were perfect!
You can print "test->data" correctly because that's an int.
The use of the DIO functions should be considered only when direct control of a device is needed.
The drinks are great and inexpensive and there are always great people to meet there.\n\nI miss the pickles.
Firstly you need to read the text in that pdf, and then use some mechanism of synthetic voice generation to create the audio content.
Driving by Papa J's and W says, lets stop in and get a quick dinner.
I have created a media player application, how do I validate my player for playback of Widevine evcrypted content.
\n\nWhen I got my stuff in the car and pulled up to the gate, it was standing open!
I figured out that I could create a new ObjectId first then when I insert it into the mongoDb, I pass the ObjectId.str for the "_id" property, then problem resolved, both mongo db level and grails level will have String type for id field.
\n\nBig rooms with unbelievably comfortable beds.
\n\nWe got there around 8:30am (on a weekday) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate.
If you do not wait, consider yourself the luckiest person alive.\n3.
The stylist took my concerns about my hair (lightening without damaging) seriously and worked within serious constraints very well.\n\nMy only cons:\nSome of the rooms can be a little cold.
culr - I www.shopmami.com//aa HTTP/1.1 200 OK Date: Mon, 09 Nov 2015 11:27:49 GMT Server: Apache X-Powered-By: PHP/5.2.17 Could you please help me?.
Below is the component file in question.
Otherwise, keep up the great work (and flavored coffees!); we'll be back!
In the case of C versus Java there's a major difference: With C you compile the code and get a binary that runs on the target.
The question is more about design and best solution from system flexibility/maintability perspectives.
I prefer not to vomit as soon as I walk into a store, maybe after about ten minutes in I'd consider it.
If the text is any other color, it shows up - even clear (though faintly).
The bartender was quick, attentive and kept the drink glass full after seeing I was getting low.
All tutorials I've found on how to control the size of a new AIR window show how to do it in MXML, but Dreamweaver works with a regular XML formatted application manifest.
In the below code, i essentially want to match all the three strings and print true, but cannot.
My hair looked like corn silk.
I think that 3 years ago the project was initially created in an earlier version of Adobe CS.
We had food delivered to our house last night from Knossos.
And you should consider making your code more re-usable.
In all, I was given good information by my coworkers.
Each such jump reduces the reward (r) with the multiplier y (gamma in the picture).
Plus, the blow out she gave me was so glamorous.
Alternatively, if you don't want to edit the module XML directly, you could use Module Composition to include a Header Enricher before the standard aggregator module.
How can I write reports to use with reporting services?
This doesn't seem to do the trick for me because my libraries are located inside a users home directory.
This is an excellent choice in downtown for a unique take on southern cuisine.
Totally the best thing I've had in a long time.
I suggest you search YouTube for c#.net variable scope to better understand when an where a variable can be accessed :)
Below is the code snippet for both receiver and activity classes, ProfileActivity.java AlarmReceiver.java After getting the error I tried my luck by giving the actions in of .manifest file.
\n\nMy daughter had the salad too with linguini and clam sauce.
I'm not sure what else to do at this point.
I remembered thursday is like an unofficial international day.
=)\n\nIf work sends me back out here again, I wouldn't mind coming back...
You could create class around it in C++ if you want.
If the database is properly configured as per why is the server converting the input UTF-8 string from the driver into Latin-1 and then back into UTF-8 (the encoding for the database and table I am using).
The semosas are great and served with the best sauces.
The problem is that when The user Log's in, the next page is loaded on then ng-view, but the NavVar controller do not know about this, so it does not refresh it's $scope, therefore the proper buttons wont show up.
It is recommended that anyone seeking this functionality use the split method of String or the java.util.regex package instead.
It is a stunning space of lush green grass, ancient trees and flowering bushes and home to some of the oldest resting places in Charlotte.
I hate when my tomato becomes part of the bread.
They're a delicious alternative to the classic potato fries and I delight to try them again.
Here's what I'm trying to do: And here's the stacktrace:
This is a great place for every ice cream lover.
Problem : I want to create in Function a which will be visible in and .
Ok, I investigated a bit more.
Here is the asset from that example site:
I kept coming back to see if there was a way to get the namespace to workout.
My solution using a , based on the solutions by @Jakobud and @greg7gkb.
That's the answer to this: It's showing that widgets is not empty when logging but it's shown as empty when logging .
I realize there are other posts out there with this same error, but I've spent a while now trying to figure out why this doesn't work and continue to fail:
If it's in quirks mode, it's because your HTML isn't standards compliant.
My problem is in the Thread Schema.
We didn't know it was edible until our server said to try some.
Check this link Apple suggests that the receipt validation should be done at the server side.
They bring in new and trendy foodstuffs though, so it's enough to keep me happy.
Can someone please explain the reason and benefit why you might want to do this in your code?
Even the TV couldn't drown out their \""delight\"" in having a king sized bed.
After changing the language settings at PC2 the issue was solved.
Small selection and over priced compared to what is available next door at Harris Teeter.
My husband watches Lidia every Saturday on Create.
Contenteditable, bizarre behaviour of child elements, and NOT whitespace independent?
This is one of the places that you have to go to if you are in Charlotte.
Without any checksum, there would be no guarantee that the bytes received are the same as the bytes sent.
It was created partially to provide a canonical implementation of Porter's stemming algorithm, and partially to facilitate the creation of stemmers for languages other than English.
Packages webpack 1.9.8 jade-loader 0.7.1 jade 1.9.2 webpack.config.js With a completely empty entry file, I get the following error when trying to run webpack.
All of a sudden, it was time to eat.
This all works fine, but I'm noticing that compass itself is writing the individual files to the output directory.
My husband had the duck the last time we were there and it was juicy on the inside and had a great crispy skin.
Mozayeni and his staff are incredibly good and knowledgable at every step you have to take in this process.
I can't vouch for the last one, but the first two were terrible (of course I had to try them).
They let us girls do our own round, which was nice since the guys can be a bit aggressive.
Or by an explicitly declared variable.
The rooms were satisfactory and the suites were great for post-party gathering.
My 65-year-old neighbor and his crew of retired friends pull up a chair every day at 3:00 pm next to business folks, college students, techies, and other folks who are looking for a good brew.\n\nNo frills, no extras; just nice people in a quaint coffee shop, brewing up warm goodness.
As written, it will match this signature: Notice there is no controller in there.
One example implementation is in UglifyJS2 which is a JavaScript parser, minifier, compressor or beautifier toolkit.
I don think a sheebang line alone would do it.
In the end, implementers need to introduce renegade threads for holding native locks to overcome such limitations.
I took my grandmother here a few months ago and found a group of books from an author I used to collect.
I am so happy to have found another great restaurant in Charlotte - we had relatives staying with us last week and didn't want to take them anywhere we hadn't been yet, in case it wasn't good, and we went to Mimosa after they left - were were so upset we didn't take them here!
Try the following: For more detail on check this link Or you may try the following:
While running the application we are getting error log like " object can not be serialized ".
What I need to do to make the retry() method work?
I suspect that is just a matter of time, however.
Just perform a free speech and send the text to this service (once you train it).
Can you please help me finish this userscript?
\n\nAs for the food...like I said, the most unique, inventive, and delicious menus in Charlotte.
Here are the most important: I've tracked this issue to the method .
I'm not \""rich\"" at all, like most people assume, since I regularly shop there.
I don't typically eat the dinner but like to bring a glass of wine back to the room.
Can any one tell me how can I do it?
Upon a later visit, much to my surprise, there it was!
Initially under the impression that I was intruding upon the staff holiday party, a smiling worker told me that customers were welcome to sample the wine.
On a second reading, I think I misunderstood your question, so here's an updated version: prev version : Very simple solution to extend upon: <a href="
I found a similar Any idea how to solve this using apache-camel?
\n\nHad the Salmone [Pistachio Crusted Salmon] and it was delicious.
Let me know if you need any help.
They were clean, had plenty of lockers, hair dryers, and a tiny dryer for swim wear, which I absolutely LOVED.\nIt costs $5 for adults if you are a resident of CharMeck and a family membership is $53 a month, $48 if you choose to draft.
I want to add the Quality Payment and Revenue Payment together, but when I try and put them outside of the table I get the error message 'Expressions can only refer to a Variable declared within the same grouping scope, a containing grouping scope, or those declared on the report.' How do I go about adding the two together?
You should replace the ArrayList with an ObservableCollection&lt;string&gt; which will communicate to the ListBox when its contents change.
Each time you run this program, you will get different memory addresses.
From custom password validator you can return FaultCode that describe what's wrong:
Any one from MD would appreciate that ;-) All I needed was Old Bay seasoning and it woulda been heaven.
I called the restaurant and they did have many options not on the internet menu including a couple feature dishes (note to restaurant please update your website, you don't even list any pasta dishes as an option for the downtown location).
I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors.
These implicit declarations consist of the following for structural equality and hashing 8.15.4 Behavior of the Generated CompareTo implementations If T is a union type, invoke Microsoft.FSharp.Core.Operators.compare first on the index of the union cases for the two values, and then on each corresponding field pair of x and y for the data carried by the union case.
The issue is with the line: .
The directions given are that the program can only accept values between 2.0 and 5.0 for vault heights.
Most likely your script isn't running slower- check your server logs.
This is leading to the messy code everywhere!
Now, I want to somehow be able to see who is currently working on a certain report - all I need are names, but the key is it could be more than one name so just adding a string column to the Report table wouldn't work.
It's where all the locals go and you should too!
The corn was deliciousss, especially all dressed up in their special seasoning.
Entity Framework adds Default value by itself i have the following table definition (trimmed): As you can see, no default value was assigned to and .
You could itterate through every house object like so:
I try to go for breakfast and a late lunch....
I got a hibachi plate with steak, chicken and veggies.
We rode down, and received the same friendly service we received the first time in.
Any idea, why it's not working?
I get the grilled cheese and tomato soup every time, and it's perfect.
And it's delicious melty American cheese, not oily coagulated cheddar.
I haven't tied the values to my chart yet, so the test version just prints the results in a ul/li.
From Download You need to For python 3.3 and 3.4: Open setup.py and change the line to For python 2.7: Open setup.py and change the line to
I tried their pierogi which I found to be quite good.
Bucks is my favorite pizza place in town.
They do sell out sometimes, so the selection can be rather slim if you get there later in the day.
Your logger currently outputs to the console using a .
I am now back on their bandwagon.
According to documentation you can pass expression as a string or function
It is located underneath 'Baby Products'.
It is not a boot stick.
So while I do not know if this is authentic Italian food, I can tell you this food is the real deal.
Please help me to fix this issue
the thing about the max being assigned as -999, max is meant to check the maximum values, and min is checking the minimum values, so its suppose to ask at each position if the column indices if even then if it is, its asking if the greatest value (which are usually positive) bigger than -999, and if they would be less than 1000, and so on..
And it is obvious that =two white spaces.
The Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail app looked tantalizing, old-school style on a wide-rimmed glass, complete with dry-iced fog effects.
The location of the roaming profile is defined by the Windows environment variable APPDATA.
Just set this style: The margin is to avoid the "changing position" effect demo
Is there a way to do a map/reduce job to re-split every log files correctly?
The plus: it's a super easy way to distribute the work that needs to be done.
When I have questions his staff has always made sure I was comfortable with my decisions on new firearms and supplies.\n\nThanks Larry and the Hyatt Team
The restaurant area is small, nothing fancy, and crowded on weekends, so we pick up and take our pie to the in-laws, who live close and usually don't cook for us when we visit.\n\nOur favorite seems to be the mushroom and pepperoni pie.
\n\nSo we came here for the tradition (great old supper club from the 40's), the history (an1847 stagecoach inn, later a stop on the Underground Railway, and a Speakeasy circa Prohibition) and the preservation (it's hard to keep a 150-year old lady going in style).\n\nSo we came to DRINK and PLAY, in other words, on a busy Friday night, in spite of, or because of, the fish fry.
I really wish I bought more, but everything in the store was on the pricier side and I really didn't see anything else I liked.
El Toro is less than 5 minutes from where I live and based on the reviews here it seemed like a solid choice.
It's located in the Phillips Place plaza which has trendy shops and a movie theater.
Heard Boy George singing \""do you really want to hurt me?\""@the weight room, today.
I know you've been begging me to check it out for years, but quite frankly, I just haven't been in the mood for pasta.
Try by using the Silverlight toolkit for Windows Phone 7 .
EDIT Example of creating your own thread pool using Task and TaskScheduler.
For all things growing - inside and out.
This will exclude from your measurements time other threads/processes were executed during profiling.
Mounds always has what we need for our girls, two siamese Himalayans who require LID food.
You may want to draw a white rectangle the size of the entire canvas, beneath the actual content of the canvas.
While you can change the VM sizes now as part of an in-place update, you should expect some instance downtime.
They do have soda in cans and beers in bottles.
How to add a click listener to polymer custom element's child?
I have tried everything, get_col, get_row, etc...
is that anything missing in code?
I have also tried with 'Return n = doc...' but that doesn't seem to work either.
Do do this manually, you need to make a monochrome mask from your overlay bitmap, with white in the transparent parts and black in the opaque parts.
The wings are the best in town.
That's fine though, I had heard good things about it\n\nI got their Mediterranean Pizza (Tomatoes, Black Olives, Artichokes) and wow did it impress me.
I guess you're using Windows, just open the command prompt (cmd.exe), and from there update the conda distribution with the commands you already know: Update: Conda commands have to be used directly in the command prompt:
Hy, my answer is late but it seems that *.php page is not support...
We waited a very reasonable ten minutes and it was ready.
Didn't feel too cramped like some stores.
I came back here after the Tar and Feather party at Wigle Whiskey last night with a friend.
Thanks for a great birthday dinner Mimosa Grill!
I'm happy ordering veggies and tofu and Asian restaurants.
In their default state panels sit just under the bottom of the screen, This creates a row of hidden panel objects whose before's appear as tabs across the bottom of the screen.
Every time I've called ahead and scheduled, the respective cab drivers have either been there 5 minutes early or on time.
No use taking up a table with a partial party who is \""faffing.\"" (Google term if confused)\n \nI had a medium rare burger with lettuce, tomato, pickles and relish and Dijon on the side with steamed broccoli and cauliflower.
Of course, it also runs so fast you can't see anything happen, so I have a modified version: Also, your code should terminate at some point.
I used stunnel in a similar way for connecting to IRC servers using SSL with SSL-capable clients.
In psd some text is in Verdana, but when I use Verdana in css it appears thicker in a browser than Verdana in the psd file.
The great thing is that we can leverage all of them if we want to.
On a less serious note, I want to thank all the bitches who keep saying Sixburgh got lucky.
Here is the class in question: public class HttpExample extends Activity { } The output of
This same meal would average at least 5 dollars less at an equivalent restaurant.
Living near Groceria Italiana is like having my Italian family nearby.
If you leave disappointed it won't be because of the stadium.
I used my apple developer support for this.
Current infrastructure: I'm introduced so each specific ViewModel could provide own implementation like and going to put it in ViewModel infrastructure in following way: (Idea is to pass type of ViewState as generic parameter) Is it a good idea to attach View State feature to ViewModel?
Got a little more than I expected, and they took a couple things I wasn't sure anyone but me liked (Vanessa Mae, some jazz; but I guess most of my friends are indie rock people).
It was easy to get it to work on an ubuntu dist and on osx.
Or could it be I need to include a jquery js file?
(How do you know if polygons intersect?
\nDrink while you wait for a table.
I don't know how close the uptown restaurants are from a walking perspective but a nice place to stay and have a meeting.
There are few things in life more indulgent or enjoyable than having a two pound lobster cooked perfectly already cracked for you.
I've been doing about an hour of research on this, coming from zero graphics experience.
Your function declaration might look like: with the appropriate changes inside to adapt its behaviour for different values of and .
I was so satiated that I didn't eat another meal the rest of the day.\n\nThe bonus was that there was great outdoor seating so we could participate in some obligatory people-watching.\n\nNext time I am back in this great town, I will definitely be hitting this place up again.
It's supported by Chrome 1-17 and Safari 3-5.1: <a href="
My end goal here is to take user input and recreate my api call based on the information they provide.
I ordered the truffle fries, very delicious.
I am not sure if both operations are necessary, but they solved my problem.
Read Tiered Compilation Tiered compilation, introduced in Java SE 7, brings client startup speeds to the server VM.
So on a bright day wandering around the strip, we decided to go to La Prima for some morning coffee.
If copying a 32-bit version of LIBSADL.DLL to your program's directory doesn't help, another module might cause the crash.
If you have the opportunity to go, do so.
If I have, any ideas why it's not working like examples I have seen?
They have the best selection of firearms, east of the Mississippi river.
Perfect interior for a nice relaxing time.
My Question now is which one and which approach would you recommend?
Coming from Milwaukee, our experience of a night at the ballgame WAS Miller Park.
Calling (in your case ) in the controller renders only the view that belongs to that action and does not execute that action code.
How can i write the shell script for this?
They are beautiful fabric and were installed easliy.
Food is always great tasting and ready in no time!
They are exactly like the tablecloths I saw in a little hole-in-the-wall restaurants throughout Vietnam.
Even if you're a manly man, this very pink booze slushie is amazing.
Can I use this to practice Java?
Here is my code: Ineed to display the result value in HTML like this: This is what I tried:
I have never had a bad experience here.
As a result I sat at the bar.
The best you may be able to do is:
I have no problems with other android versions.
Your system looks more flexible, but basically it all grinds down to knowing in advance that you have the resources to run the tasks that you need to run.
by my next visit, they had it behind the counter for me.
For the price, there wasn't enough meat on the ribs, but the flavors were still sensational.
I have an MVC3 application that I deploy to IIS 7.5 using the "Web Publish" feature in Visual Studio.
Such a sad lot of reviews here, and they all seem to be from people with a specific complaint/bad experience.
You have to expect to pay more at a dealership, but they charged me a reasonable fee and I would definitely come back for future service.
As a consequence models created using hashed input can be much harder to interpret and monitor.
I come here for seafood every time.
Their sweets are fantastic to boot (rice krispies, wafers - which are 5 for $1, biscottis and cookies) though hope they will have more savory items for snacking (sometimes they have pita and sandwiches available for purchase).
The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home.
As most of people mentioned here - one of the solutions will be to use aliases.
I am new in learning python I have this html page with these info: I want to read the html page and print the info in this way:
Let's suppose the following two arrays and their "sum": Pay attention to the last two items.
I need to update new/changed data from local db to online db.
Look at this documentation: Basically I define my Row template in a partial view then I render the partial like this: You can still specify and bind to other columns like the documentation shows.
It makes use of the scripting language Pawn.
Can someone explain to me why and propose a better solution?
The downside is that this place can be noisy and the wine prices are too high for a 4 ounce pour.
Otherwise we would have to reprogram whole CMS to work with different domain for every language...
\n\nAside from one of the best looking bars in all of uptown, the space is amazing, with a partially open kitchen with adjacent wine room and plenty of dark wood and rich, dense carpet.
I am assuming you are doing this in PHP.
If you are like me, and adore espresso martini's, you must check out Soba on Ellsworth Avenue!
\n\nI went around lunch time on a weekday and the restaurant was about half full, so I didn't have to wait.
Have you considered using the Server.Transfer to redirect the query to the required url?
\nMy wife and I were greeted at the counter and took a minute to look over the menu.\nI went with one of their \""house specials\"" the spicy tangerine chicken, ordered with white rice, and an egg roll for $7.
Unable to attach matlab.exe process to visual studio 2013 for debugging mex files?
I also want to transfer to a space, transfer to .
The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers.
\n\nAlso if you come here for a small alteration like I did, bring cash!
pretty-error has to be set up like this: As I don't now where sailsjs starts the app, I've tried this on : but it's not working.
Strip everything in string before the second “-” character that occurs?
Questionably useful Python hacks are my forte.
Its clean the Custmer Service is decent better than most ecspecially CLEVELAND!
\n\nThe rooms are \""Marriott practical\"" meaning that all the things that you need to have a successful trip whether business or pleasure are there.
I want to avoid the second refresh but still be able to gather the $_POST[''] data from the second selection.
Hot Haute Hot = Love Luv Loooove
They also give you a little goodie bag along with the pets vet records.
\n\nOverall, I would go back and recommend it to a friend!
I want total of 100 cells (random cells to be filled in) in column N to be populated with "0" and the remaining 940 cells to have "2".
It is ok to have to build the software specifically for the different targets, if necessary.
The coffee has always been high quality and inexpensive - most varieties are around $10/lb which is certainly cheaper than any other whole bean you can find, even in supermarkets.
You need to tell cscope which files you want to build tags with.
callback get one and only argument: response from , or .
A nice start for the last leg of our road trip.
I love the Jenny so much.
Therefore your call is looking for a file named first, then falls back to in case the first one is not available.
MySQL count a number of entries within time period sharing at least 1 of 3 columns I have a table that logs invalid user login attempts.
Execution environment of Content Scripts ensure content scripts can communicate among themselves Ex: A Individual DOM Environment where content scripts injected ensures have access to all contents (Functions,Variables) of , but this stops from two Individual DOM Environment 's being communicating.
But first you can check your code by adding: To pause / stop the player call .
Unfortunately, my forward reference does not work and I do not know why.
Rails rake task runs all migrations that it finds and that don't have a value in table.
It is somewhat on the pricey side, but rarely will you be dissapointed with the meal in comparison to the cost.\n\nDespite the location (nestled in a small shopping center), the overall layout is perfect for Italian atmosphere.
Here's a working example made from following Facebooks developer guidelines for the Like button .
I'm thinking either tagged RTM in TeamCity, or as a list of version numbers.
Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own.
I enjoy this club, because it is probably one of the fanciest strip clubs in Charlotte.
Even though I dont like near there anymore, I would definitely go there again and can't recommend them enough.
\n\nAtmosphere: I think the best way to describe it would be nonchalant.
Good luck finding one!\n\nFood is not that great, cafeteria style.
\nI think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer.
I considered using but there are warnings like "MPI does not say what happens if the program you start is a shell script and that shell script starts a program that calls ", so this seems less than ideal, as well.
how to get different hidden field values in multiple form in a page in a page i have 2 forms where both having a hidden field named operation(same name for both form) When i click "Get Val" button i always get 'first" (for both cases).
We started off with insalata I had the organic greens, my acct mgr had the Caesar.
My goal is to make the interfaces between services loosely coupled so that changes can be made without having to re-deploy all the dependent services and websites.
Basically the totally opposite of Newark Liberty Airport.\n\nClean and well-lit.
In Python, you can use """ (triple-quoted strings) to embed long runs of text data in your program.
Finally my favorite part was the sauce which had some good flavor to it.
She then informed my husband and me that she happened to have a complimentary upgrade to a corner junior suite available.
I mean I really, really hate that I reek like an ashtray after going dancing here.
Testing the Stored Procedure Call the procedure to iterate through the defined DML loops and verify the BULK EXCEPTION HANDLING feature at work.
Use Tools | Options | Projects and Solutions | Build and Run to override this default.
How to debug android studio gradle files and tasks?
\n\nTip: If you can go at non peak time (lunch, 5-7 PM), do it, it's almost always worth it.
Note: I'm using TMXTileMap and add player's sprite as a child of map node.
With the clause you are telling the compiler to resolve that symbol when it links.
I want to skip pause if it's running in command prompt.
Lebanon Saloon is such a happy hangout for my entire family.
like it should make grey when white and white when it is grey...
Once he waits on you, you pretty much never have to tell him your order again.
And if that is the case, (I know stacks have a fixed size), do the new stacks just get allocated right below the previous stacks-- So you would end up with a stack of stacks in the top addresses of memory?
The objective is to be able to Save and Load (restore) particular state of a control.
Tacos lenguas is always my choice.
I think using rbind like that way is not a good idea.
When a particular button is pressed the function: Hides the image (footerImg) The button (footerBtn) has text (textToDisplay) added to it Then the animation fades the footerBtn out and the image back in The entire animation takes about 2 seconds My problem My problem is that sometimes the user is going to hit the button again before 2 seconds goes by and the same animation will be asked to run before it is finished.
If not what would be the easiest way to achieve what I want?
Here is the code: For the result will be: For the result will be:
At the end I want the user to be able to update either wavelength or frequency and frequency/wavelength and energy shall be updated accordingly.
It could be because you are not initiating your intent correctly in your onCreate.
The bathroom is a disgrace to mankind.
It's a pretty small space with plenty of wood surrounding the bar up front and a small booth filled dining room in the back.
The header file ( ) is the programmer's interface to your module.
Yes, you will pay a little bit more than the dollar menu options at McDonalds or Taco Bell, but the quality is also light years ahead.
Last chicken fingers I had were a little salty and overfried.
Let's face it: if you've grown up, went to school or currently live in the area, you've probably spent a Sunday devoring forkfuls of Pamela's unique and delicious brand of pancake.
The person I interviewed in Charlotte brought me there so that I could taste a good old North Carolina barbecue.
My only complaint was that silly basin sink located at the entrance to the room.\n\nThis hotel is marvelously situated within walking distance to some of the best entertainment and dining in town.
jQuery: How can I change the color only of the selected option?
I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
I got the capicola ham with provolone and he got the steak and cheese.
I also checked in the existing question: , but, the answer seems to old, many things must have updated by then.
It handles moving files AND directories well.
A suitable East Side alternative to the mammoth Woodman's.
It is a CSE where you host the annotations (urls associated with labels, which decide whether url should be displayed or not) lives on your own server.
Two, They have about 7 different types of loose teas to choose from.
For being the only Korean BBQ buffet place in the area, it deserves a standing ovation.
Under Windows 7 on present generation processors, this is a reliable high precision (nanosecond) timer inside the CPU (HPET).
Oh well, everyone has an off day.
Every now and then, the basketball games get a little intense and the sound carries into the fitness area.
In my profile I've specified the page to go to for the IPN message, but perhaps there is another setting that also needs to be configured?
This is by far the best Japanese place in Charlotte.
If not, then the next likelihood (and just about the only other possibility) is that the database catalog had inconsistencies already before the restore was done.
dlog.h: dump.cpp: Usage example: Output: UPDATE: see dump.cpp and re_dump.h in reDroid (github) , it includes a recursive dump that checks if a pointer is valid.
I've googled a lot but I found only receiving video streams from server.
Here's the code to split them.
Click doesn't work on this Google Translate button?
I have a link that is pointed to some page.
At the end you are requesting D class' n value which is already "DVD".
Actually, you don't use xml for functions (that would be torture).
Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery.
This city has so many Thai options and I'm happy Bangkok Ocha is one of them!
How to Handle Overlapping Animation Calls in Swift I have a footer bar which is essentially a view containing a button and an image.
For the first time I saw a burger called the 21 express.
I once wrote a that does the casting, copying, destructor call for you and checks that you have chosen the right .
of Yelp fame!) where we made Prohibtion-era cocktails, I was in love with this gin drink called a Bee's Knees.
jQuery also has a function live() which should solve your problem, but it is deprecated now.
You can all on any enumerable list to create a .
\nI crisped up the waffle fries in the oven when I got home, and it was like sitting there.
using the @"xxx" short hand creates a string that is autoreleased.
It shows and but not my .
THANK YOU!\nThe pie was delicious, the ice cream melted slowly into the pecan crust and became a delicious consoling comfort food.
And I have main activity which contains a scrollable list on top and a image view below list.
I want to use an unordered list.
Is it good if you can write UI class by your own in order to get good understanding of how things are working but it will be easy if you use NetBeans desktop application tool or eclipse with WindowBuilder tool.
The Moscato is sweet, fruity and crisp!
If you're in the market for a high quality bike, whether it be road, mountain, racing, or hybrid, go to see Glenn at BBB.
BTW, I'm really unconvinced of the value forcing all big objects to the LOH (as opposed to, perhaps, having a means of designating when an object is created whether it should go to the LOH or not).
And it's really cheap, which is a rare but appreciated combination.
They also buy/sell used records, cd's, movies, and computer software and games.
The history of the garden is amazing.
What I am trying to achieve is, depending on permissions, I would like users to log onto a website and the website is then changed on the fly to stop the user using normal functions of the website.
I called Tong's for the first time without referencing a menu and simply described what I was looking for over the phone.
There's no need to ever go to Subway down the street ever..!
Think about if you really really need to write block placement strategies.
Oh, I shall return to conquer the idea of Breakfast for Dinner another time!\n\nWaffle fries!
In the next iteration, you determine how close each point in your data is to each of the centroids .
Hotel had complimentary tea, coffee and cookies.
Cajun Queen serves up consistent cajun food in a fun environment.
Then Player B logs on and starts the game and gets the score from player A.
Below are example results from stats() for a capped collection: This is with MongoDB 1.7.4.
Judging by your screenshot, your toolbars are drawn in a way to indicate that they are locked and cannot be dragged.
I have been here several times and keep coming back for Mir tasty food.
As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information, it's also nice to know that I can go there and eat somewhat healthy (I'm all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings).
I started bringing my Audi here about 3 years ago.
I just graciously smiled and fudged a little to the waiter about it being good.\n\nThe restrooms were very clean.
The service and food were spot on.
The first person we encountered was so sweet and I could tell she really wanted to help us and god bless her she got us right in (thank you) and I am sorry I never got your name.
Yes, you have a on the previous line.
I didn't really know what to expect from Lidia's, but in all it was the perfect meal for us travelers.
They now stock meat/poultry from local farms and specialize in Vegan options.
If you want the page to count down every second, rather than only on refresh, you should use JavaScript.
Makes a great breakfast the next day outta the fridge!!\nThe beer selection is admirable.
The food did come out quickly, so we were pleased with that.
Try changing To Notice I changed single quotes to double
Because price is one of the only areas in which public transit has the potential to be directly and immediately more convenient to a person than individual car ownership, prices to passengers should be kept to a minimum.
Crowd is good company, bathrooms are surprisingly clean, and there's about five TVs for your viewing pleasure.
Would I get better performance by sharding across separate instances?
good times from college, my favorite bar in the area.
and I headed there post Tazza D'Oro on a Sunday for brunch.
Second one contains only user .
Screensteps can be used for that.
A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story).
I got schweitzer schnitzel (I believe) which is breaded pork stuffed with swiss cheese and ham.
Hope you can understand what i'm after.
I am so pleased with my first experience at Ritters Dinner that I will definitely be back to try other items on their menu!
Vastly superior to the department store versions.
I had no problems navigating the hallways of this airport at all.
When shaking in any of the view controller , I get switched to a particular tab.
We can see that the reference is stored on instruction 20 of in local variable 2 ( ).
I have 7 tables of trip data.
I think you are going the wrong way.
Felt compelled to write a quick review after having a phenomenal burrito here today.
Then it really will be!\""\nThe prim blond and her man giggled, and a few tables around us applauded.
It doesn't go in XMM0 because it's the first floating-point value, it goes in XMM1 because it's the second parameter and therefore in the second "slot".
How do I join multiple result sets from a WHILE loop in a mySQL query?
\n\nI never had any major complaints-- I had several GREAT meals here (brunch & dinners, including one dinner with great live music).
This restaurant is tucked away in the Carmel Commons shopping center off of Hwy 51.
I need to be able to insert a piece of JS code that extracts the scores for a specific review from the XML file and inserts the HTML code needed to draw the bars.
I was very impressed.\nThe Staff was very helpful and happy to assist me.
Here is the original line: What I think I understand of it so far, and I could be very wrong, is:
I am a fan of the burritos which I look forward to having the next time we are back in the area.
When I input the height during debugging, it jumps to my else statement, and doesn't give me a chance to re-enter the new input.
Extracting specific registry key from REG QUERY based on search string I am trying to extract the key value of a registry entry.
we had a nice time in the back private room.
You need to check for orientation changes, and the right time when actually take the measurements, and maybe some more logic when comparing the new specs with the old ones.
If someone has not heard of Le Mardi Gras, I just assume they aren't well versed in Pittsburgh drinking culture.
The only way I know how to declare an object with user input is to use a scanner and then place that data within the arguments of a constructor.
This is my current understanding of how i think the Java compiler should evaluate the invocation.
He did great work for a great price and was completely honest.
I'm sure it is obvious and I've done the groundwork so any help to point this out to me would be greatly appriciated.
Robertos is the only other brick oven that compared.
as @nkjt pointed out: Do you know the difference between and If you want to divide pointwise, you have to use the , otherwise you will get the result of the vector (1+(x/2)) divided by (1+(x/2)) What you want is:
I made everyone at the table try it!
Some of the cupcakes are too sweet for me but they please my friend so it is just a matter of preference for sweetness.
I don't know if is there a way to do that, but you must take care about the time that will take to download all this files.
If you come to this Value Village, than you must go into this good will!
I'm just curious how/why this works.
For her main, it was her standard blackened catfish, which she thoroughly enjoyed, but took half of it home due to the hugeness of the portion.
For example, a Cartesian coordinate is appropriately represented as a tuple of two or three numbers.
I'm in a pretty unique position to write this review as I have a law school friend who stays here almost every weekend and the wife and I meet up with him most times.
Great for a quick casual bite.
With having a good experience previously, I decided to give Men's Wearhouse and Jos.
With the recent update at this location it is much easier to navigate the store.
I figured out my problem, I set margin to my and set top gravity to it with specific hight.
Charlotte Douglas is a pretty impressive place.
Just to set the : Update It seems that the question needs to be changed.
I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed.
It's the similar question like stackoverflow.com/questions/1225611/ (but i don't have reputation to ask in that question).
\n\nCAUTION: This store is located in an odd strip plaza.
Lots of great shopping while you wait.
Reuse is usually good, but many functions will never be reused so it often doesn't matter.
Charlotte Marriott city center is a nice hotel located in the perfect part of downtown.
I've also brought family and friends from out of town by here even on non game days just to look around.
We drove in and pulled up to an odering place.
If your database exists with only one client in it, so what?
Oh, just noticed that there was already a comment for that problem.
[ Note: That is, for lvalues, a reference cast has the same effect as the conversion with the built-in and operators (and similarly for .
I want to output those surrogate pairs as characters on the screen.
I also recommend bringing your own pillow.
I also enjoyed the warm lobster salad which was truly a piece of art to look at (a little awkward to eat) and very tasty - the flavors of everything blended well, I wish there were more greens though.
I had the Porchetta panino (pulled pork Shoulder with horseradish apple salsa) which came with these parsely-seasoned home fries.
This place is pretty solid on humble authentic atmosphere and recipe/presentation.
\n\nWe came in for a late lunch and ordered two lunch specials and two soups.
If Joe Duffy and his team build nice libraries which will parallelise things without as much locking as something I'd build, that's fabulous, and I'll use it in a heartbeat - but when I'm doing the threading myself, I try to keep it simple.
\n\nLoses a star because the free internet is slow as hell, clearly to entice you to pay for faster speeds.
But I need a library that works in Mingw-w64 (Google Logging Library is not).
We use two-legged OAuth and get access using permission obtained through Google Apps Marketplace.
Control: Code-behind : Code to render the control and get the raw HTML:
My problem is: When I switch to this Activity, I got a massive 3-4 sec blackout then it switches properly and I can navigate and tap on the map.
I have an error on the line And I don't know how fix it.
So that the object can be used as a dictionary key?
It is really important for me to connect with my tattoo artist, and I didn't feel that when I got my first tattoo at a different shop.
And later when the user log out you will redirect back to login page.
When establishing a connection with , may receive from the other end a X.509 certificate and a public key, belonging to the owner of certificate .
(not your food, they taste the food as it is prepared.
I suppose they are on the same machine becase you are listening on 127.0.0.1.
If you make your order too complicated, it'll probably get messed up.\n\nWith that, the Pho.
I use this function for rounding and if the value I print is 3.47233322 it (correctly) prints 3.47.
My friend was in town visiting and we were just driving around the city late at night chatting and when we drove by and saw the bright neon open sign we both looked at each other and just knew we should stop.
I want the one that other programs on different computers can use to connect to the computer.
Work out the value first, then print it afterwards.
You can change the room speed in the room settings, this is the number of steps per second.
(Expect at least a 30 minute wait during dinner hours) but after we finally got seated, our service and food was always surprisingly good.
regular expression for all characters not in this range AND another character I need to strip all characters that are not part of the ASCII standard EXCEPT FROM one other character.
I am a new customer here, just got back home from my 3rd visit here over the last 6 months.
Parking was easy because the restaurant is attracted to a parking garage and...yes!
That being said, it still was the best tasting perfectly cooked burger I have had in a long, long time.
\nYa, so they have a cover and parking fee (boo) but then you walk in and you are transported back in the 80s, and you have beer specials at $1, $2 and $3 and friends greeting each other.
This is one of the busiest Enterprise locations, so it helps to have the direct contact information of one of the managers there.
I also tried printing the string as it comes back in f.readlines() and it all looks pretty plausible, but it's hard to tell because my terminal window doesn't support Unicode properly.
The Slab/Pork Ribs were smoky, tender, and the meat easily peeled off the bones.
there is no error in the logs but info which says " I/art: Thread[1,tid=23775,WaitingForJniOnLoad,Thread*=0xb4f07800,peer=0x759512e0,"main"] recursive attempt to load library "/system/lib/librtp_jni.so" " Can anyone explain what is the problem and how could we possible solve it?
Any links will be helpfull Thank you
Had to diagnose something with my car-done quickly.
Absolutely authentic Japanese grocery store in the town.
This assembly wants to be delay-signed.
The sum is equal to the value of the first array because the second array doesn't contain such number of values.
Here is what i got now : But it's really poor.
Sit a spell on a bench and enjoy the scenery.
I saw other vets at his clinic also and was always very happy with them too.
There is the function in :
In these cases, you will need to call Dispose manually to mark all of the form's controls for garbage collection.
I skipped the chicken curry, carrots/peas, rice and tomato soup but thought I would list them to give you an idea of what else they had yesterday.
Also, is there a better way to translate Android keycodes into Ascii keys (specifically replicatable by ).
In this age of mechanically separated chicken, it's good to see somewhere which doesn't cater to the lowest common denominator.\n\nThe amazing food just goes on and on,\n\nAnd everything is tastier then the last.
It really is about the experience...
In your fragment, you can use to call myMethod of MainActivity.
The Core Bluetooth Programming Guide contains a pretty concise description of how backgrounding has to be handled.
You could use to compare what's in those files between the system.
+1 star for the awesome rocking chairs...because EVERYONE should have rocking chairs!!
Sports on the TVs, Yeungling on tap--quintessential Pittsburgh.
\n\nMy favorite still is the individual pie with mushrooms, well cooked onions ( I can't stand undercooked onions) a mild sausage more knockwurst than Italian and my twist: a fried egg on top, sunny side up.
I started with this query, then i needed to boost certain elements in the document more than the others so I did this the query slowed down considerably, am I doing this correctly?
The restaurant on the first floor was very good, and I ended up eating there almost every night.
Symfony Actions Namespacing, or a better way?
But I like it and the flame decor, it's just my thing maybe.
Member here for 10 years total-- I love clean!
Dropped my first pair of heels off here and they were returned in a day with new heel tips for just $10 and I've been a customer here ever since.
I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had flavored coffee!
I know the code above works for objects descending from ActiveRecord::Base, and CartItem does not descend from it.
They never have spoiled or bad fruit.\n\nThe pastry section is definitely worth checking out.
I think it might be some sort of race condition.
Hate to admit it, but it's true.
I sampled everyone else's dishes however, and they were quite tasty.
The anchovies are diced into the dressing, but you can barely recognize them if you're not a fan of anchovies and are worried about that.\nI honestly wouldn't have even known they were in there, had I not asked!\n**My Faves Here: Go for the Ceasar; it was great!\n\n3.) For an appetizer (this is a weird choice, but I'm happy we did it), we got the \""Chef's Vegetarian Sampler\"".
They usually have something from Olde Mecklenburg Brewery which is good too.
brought my 2 year old here on vacation and she had a blast.
You can make use of in conjunction with and , like this: If you want to change into that directory, I would suggest storing the output of as a character vector and using after creating the new directory.
This is a horrible, difficult, awful thing to live through.
\n\nWhen you walk into this place you can smell the smoky, wood-burning smell of the grill, I loved that!
Right click on the Module --> --> Select tab --> Click on button --> Select --> Now from list select --> Click --> Clock Update Actually there is interface but not .
Went to Rolands for lunch of a Sunday.
I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close.
But the programs I use that have overlays (TortoiseSvn, Box, Google Drive) all do basically the same thing.
But the thread on the server side will continue.
i couldnt read my another data.
As penance, I have made this detailed one.
They do offer a butcher on site if needed for any choice cuts you may need.\n\nNCFoodGuy
PM me or send me a comment if you want more details on that and I'll detail more.
The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome.
That's all I can think of really.
Callout click is not working in iPhone simulator 4s in iOS I have created annotation view over current latitude and longitude and used image over it using custom annotation.
i want that when the page loads, every banners exchange places in any order.
This was quickly resolved yesterday evening.
YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THESE FOLKS!
My implementation is: I'm using this so that I can store the page for use later (essentially so that I can cache it, especially since some of my pages download information from the internet, and so that I can pass it data like above.
Unfortunately it is something related with a bad design of the class .
My first ever trip to Woody-Anne's involved a lady at the bar a) showing off a pic that proved ghosts exist cuz of an \""orb\"" that is inexplicably present(?), b) flashing me her boobs for a drink that she never actually took me up on, and c) giving me an epicly gross (DRIPPING) wet willy, all in the span of Fleetwood Mac's \""Landslide\"" which soundtracked the whole experience.\n\nThe evening ended with me and the bartender watching a M.A.S.H.
No fun rides between terminals (by \""rides\"" of course I mean intraairport modes of transportation).
Then you can put the div at the bottom to fix the block heights:
Are there any IDEs for Python that support automatic error highlighting (like the Eclipse IDE for Java?) I think it would be a useful feature for a Python IDE, since it would make it easier to find syntax errors.
As much as a sushi fan as I am I going to stick my neck out and say this is the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
The only thing that prevents me from giving them five stars is the sofa bed mattress was very uncomfortable to sleep on, but the staff did provide extra blankets.
That is if "Name" found in cell "A10" then I need the code to copy value "A11", same way find text "Phone" and if text found in cell "B23" copy value of "B24" and so on.
Adding step by step incase it helps anyone else.
They do fried dogs too and it's great.
Mussels are a little on the smaller end.
Rooms also stocked with luxurious bath towels and robes.\n\nBeds were comfy, albeit on the softer side.
Moreover, this place is really clean and modern, so it's a great area to explore and walk around in.
Everything was prepared perfectly and there was plenty of seafood.
Breadth-first search with set instead of queue I'm using BFS to find connected components.
UPDATE: Updated XAML UPDATE 2: Setting the column Width of grid container to hardcoded value of will force wrapping (see above commented line).
There was also a band setting up as we left.
Lastly, it was served w/ eggplant penne in a red sauce.
Amazing!\n\nI recently hosted my friend's bridal shower here and everything was absolutely perfect!
This place hits the spot on a Sunday afternoon!
JAXB marshall date as epoch not consistent across databases When we marhsal a date from a mysql database out of the box JAXB converts this to milliseconds since the epoch, which is what we want.
This is one of Charlotte's best secrets.\n\nIt is on N.
If you would rather slice yourself, I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.
The user clicks the designated author to decide who posted the blog.
So there's my code: What is the problem with that code?
There is not an easy way to turn the shell script into a separate executable (lots of environment variable setting, and so on).
Just as; Than the logo is displayed as desired
The dogs are constantly walked and you can tell the animals receive a ton of love from the staff.
This is how I tested it in jquery.
The fries are thin and decent, but need salt and ketchup.
I suppose I could have also changed the user in the service (Control Panel > Services > ANTS Performance Profiler 6 Service) to some other user and used that user.
Like gnats, we were attracted to Primati because their neon sign was...
Even though I missed the convenience of the Y's downtown - Childress & Dowd, this one is a good replacement and it saves me from driving downtown for a workout.\n\nRecently I have picked up swimming in the mornings before work...
He smiled and said it in English: \""I have no idea.\"" A useful phrase to know, he agreed.\n\nThe coffee drinks here are simple but good.
You can try this code ( untested ):
Neither using weight nor gravity solves the problem.
Then I close the file and download it.
In .NET Webform applications we used to save the logged in user's details in session.
They have gourmet American items, as well as a full sushi menu.
The image floor.jpg that I want as the background of the canvas is 1200X700.
I keep getting the error that the AssetController needs to have a parameterless public constructor.
A taste of CA in PA.
I've made this a regular on my dining rotation.
I want to use Nhiberant with Identity
I was a little surprised as she flashed the filled container to me in approval before she shut it, but looking back it was nice touch to be able to check my order right there instead of getting to my car (or home) and being disappointed.
Use the following simplified recurrence for combinations: Computing just a single combination has the same complexity (if using memoization).
Only the goat cheese-stuffed ravioli was better than average, but just marginally.
But I think the two problems are related.
Use a bunch of s instead.
Goal : testing TDD in a typical enterprise Java environment.
No, it checks everything in database.
Late night lounge / bar scene is pretty good as well.
I have used it in the past and it was pretty good for video/feed stuff.
Friendly service, fresh and delicious food -- A truly local and consistently excellent establishment!
I find the best way to increase the efficiency of the client is to use the asynchronous socket functions provided.
Once we sat down to eat, we started off with the clam chowder.
The prices are higher than online, however they will accept a reasonable offer.
I personnaly use the second one, here is how I view this : You must think of that with the semantics, you would say "When &lt;a> of class &lt;class> trigger the event &lt;hover> I want &lt;that> to happen." not this : "When &lt;a> trigger event &lt;hover> check if it is of class &lt;class> then do &lt;that>."
He is very patient and thorough and just a really nice guy.
I paid $45, which seems totally reasonable to me.
So the output should be: b,e | a, c, d,f I know the logic behind it; partition it so that if an element is in both likes &amp; dislikes, then it should be in its own set, and everything else in the other.
That is, when the code in this bundle is executed, I want the resources from my fragment to be loaded and available with Java's getResources() command.
Is there a maximum limit to listview or gridview?
The baristas here are super friendly and if your looking for a nice place to study or get work done on your laptop this location is not too noisy it has a beautiful cozy cabin feel to it!
Just throwing out some guesses here :) Also, you wrote: I should mention that they use transactions and per-client locks, so it is guarded against most concurrency problems.
The jalape\u00f1o steak wrap is so delicious and spicy that it also ranks near the top of delightful choices.
It's obviously cheaper during lunch but I feel that the portions are rather small in the \""box\"" your food comes in.
Secondly, I did not like the design of their hot plates--the interior cooking area was way too tiny so it took forever to cook the food.
On this page I would like to have an Edit button, sending me to a similar page with the original form but this with the data from the db already inserted into the form, for easy editing and updating.
You can just keep jumping around until you eventually end up in the reward node, and gather the reward of r=100.
The file is set locally The computer is linux That's all the detail I can think of, please let me know if you need any more details EDIT Alright I have set up an apache server and changed the link to and it still doesn't work.
Maybe it was because July 2008 is when I started Yelping, and maybe I was getting used to the website and how it works.
Step 8: Start Tomcat again, and things should be going splendidly.
Deep scarlet walls, metalwork, and interesting art identify Inferno as part of the goth/industrial/alternative scene.
I ordered a chicken pita and mashed potatoes.
How should I go about doing this?
It is definitely a \""comfort food\"" type of restaurant for me, cheap and cozy and consistent.
If you have the munchies it will hit the spot.
Design your application so that multiple clients can exist in the same database.
The bartender got me another iced tea and then spent a few more minutes of admiring the place.
It allows you to: generate SOAP tests from web service endpoint WSDL, saving manual labour avoid processing "pre-canned" SOAP strings and parsing files automatically generate mocks of your service endpoints, including ability to programmatically control custom responses.
Correct is in the eye of the beholder most of the time.
With iText, you can get the names of the signature form fields of a PDF like this: You can only remove the signature that covers the whole document, for instance, if we have , , and (added in that order), only will return true.
I started by using , but the object does not have a function.
The corresponding literals, such as and , are also part of C.
Got it working....had to return promise from child parent which is t.none() without catch()
When I bought my vehicle two years ago, I decided to go to Precision for my car's routine oil change/tire rotations.
Went to Umi for my wifes birthday.
I've been unable to find any parsing rules on line, and the "Language Parsing Rules" dialog is not very clearly documented.
I'd do things a bit differently: Unlike , is defined to work how most people would reasonably expect.
\n\nI hope to be in Pittsburgh again very soon and will definitely go back to Lidia's.
By compound graph i mean having multiple types of graph series in single plot.
It tries all permutations of rows of , and produces the optimal row-permuted in matrix .
You can access logs from CLI using
When you do this: you're grabbing copies of and that are attached to the calls so (3) won't interfere with your references and you see sensible results in the console.
If i use "Guida" it works as well.
I first went there with my brother Matt.
I had 8 people in my group and our total bill was right at $1,100.00 including tip.
I practically devoured my shrimp, spinach and mushroom quesadilla during my last visit - talk about a meal with lots of my favorite ingredients!
So thankful we made reservations here, folks were waiting at least 35 plus on a Saturday.
They serve the salads in chilled bowls and that's my favorite presentation for a salad.
Working with Dreamweaver and ASP.NET - is this recommended?
\n\nThe Thai corn chowder tasted good, but had a funny mouth appeal, grainy and lumpy at the same time and didn't look appetizing brownish yellow.
Now, DB contains the following entries for fname (there are more, these are just examples): Dichiarazione 1 Dichiarazione 2 Guida 1 Guida 2 If I launch the script with "guida" as key it correctly returns the two entries both with PHP and MySQL.
Here are a few alternatives to passing a reference to the function: Have the child component broadcast a public event using the singleton instance and have the parent component react to the event Have the child component broadcast a private event using a private instance and have the parent component react to the event Have the child component broadcast a DOM event and bind it to the parent with like this My personal preference is the third option.
We can use direct release function of pheanstalk library.
Then access that object and verify that way.
I've said it before but this sandwich proves my point that a sandwich either lives or dies by the bun in which it's made of!\n\nThe people that are behind the counter are very courteous and the service is always quick.\n\nThe interior is nothing to really write home about.
Great deals at the end of month.
This has to be one of the nicer convention centers I've been to.
I have found that the issue lies with the references to icon files and an older version of the jquery library being used.
The bartenders are great, they are friendly and provide first class service.
Everything else had lots of heat and flavor.
Fiori's gets extra credit for using the small spicy pepperonis and always having a pinball game in the corner!
For now, make sure you keep an Andrew Jackson on ya!
However I've now noticed that in my sidebar where it shows the categories the 'Other' link keeps appearing/disappearing when refreshing the page.
Try this : Hope that helps you
The bartender even made us an off menu blue cheese, bacon, and egg bloody mary which was just insane basically.
Some manufacturers like Kontakt store the battery level in an extra byte at the end of the broadcast, which is true for the post you reference.
If you ever wanted really dive into coffee, please go here.
I live in Florida now but come back to Charlotte 4-5 times a year and the Great Wall is always a must destination.
Your input string cannot have spaces and your output of a double containing spaces is not possible.
But I'm not sure from which version of Android api (or platform) can I develop a scrollable app widget?
I still put the blackened tilapia tacos at Tex Tubbs at the top of my favorites list, but these easily jumped to the #2 position.
I would suggest to read the following article about SSL sockets in Erang that contains complete code of the SSL echo server and client.
Some advice would be very appreciated!
It worked perfectly at export time and at run time.
For instance, while Bowser was on the complaining list before Luigi, in the unsubscribe message, Luigi needs to come before him.
And I can't say enough good things about the catfish.
// there may be dozens which are main in Germany, French, Italian, Spain...
They quickly seated us and our server quickly greeted us.
I do have : How do I filter this optiong using the same above link.
Solr query with grouping not working The following query works fine: However, as soon as I put brackets in there I get no results Aren't these two queries equivalent?
If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...\n\nThe waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her.
If you are looking for overall async architecture hints, you can explore how the framework called is implemented.
After performing additional actions will be assigned according to the current state (which is not available in advance).
There were no signs and no one available to assist me.
Be prepared to wait though; the dining room is small.
You are possibly populating the dropdown in the Page_Load function and you do not have a Page.IsPostBack check.
My boyfriend is a big blue grass fan, so we rallied some friends and headed over.
We always order the BBQ sauce because it taste so gooooood and their wings are nice and crispy and hot and smothered in plenty of sauce that you will be licking your fingers.
I decided I'd bite the bullet and hope the stain would come out.
I can't use PATH, because I need a quick response and I read that PATH isn't optimal.
If I get a hankerin for some boot scootin, I know where I'll be headed.
Our driver Hank or something was amazing!
You should get into the habit of using stored procedures or at least parameterized queries.
They accept reservations and offer valet parking.
For example, running a query like this returns the following eclipse profile output.
Some STL implementations are buggy when executing a find() on an empty STL map.
Inside my Test code I try to read this AP property with : Then I use logcat to view this debug message but I get a null value for this property.
If you want to eat the place has always been really clean.
Breakfast is wonderful and the coffee is good.
I need to be able to check this in XSLT.
All I've learned about my visit is that I will have to make another trip before my next Barrymore concert!
I should also note that the portions are pretty large by Indian restaurant standards.
I confirmed memcached was running by telneting into it.
Then we use partialRefreshGet to refresh the choices in comboBox2, this can be repeated for 3, 4 and other comboBoxes as well.
They also have produce which is on par with the other vendors in the strip.
How to read Text from pdf file in c#.net web application I am working on one project where there is a functionality need to implement with PDF I want to read the text of PDF file in my c#.net project.
Great atmosphere for a date or special occasion.
They gave us as much time as we needed to stay with Levi and were sympathetic.
I am starting to love you guys more and more.
The computer currently has it set as I want the x axis to go by 10 as in: I know to get rid of the current axis I have to do this and then But how do I get it to show the numbers that I need it to show?
We have three different versions of the Visual C++ Redistributable on our master list of applications, but nobody seems to know exactly which applications uses these libraries, and they want us to test them.
Eg : Clustered Index is created with lngid and clientid , but there is non-clustered index too with only clientid.
It's a small, intimate venue with a lot of character.
Thus one you use it on a doulbe (conunt), you get wrong results.
I had a Creole sauce mixed with a TON of veggies and served with rice on the side.\n\nThe atmosphere is what sells me on the Cajun Queen, an intimate setting that is laid out in a big house.
There's been so much streamlining of Asian restaurants that nice chairs and big booths with lots of room is uncommon.
At first I thought you needed to include like: But then I ran a basic test myself doing this: And it made no difference if I included or not.
It's better even not to fill the table with any row and just call the function (with i=0) when the page is loaded.
\n\nAlso, I love the fact that they have live jazz on the piano tues-sat nights starting at 6pm(although tonight he started more like 6:30).
It's possible customize the angular-material grid system like bootstrap, by setting columns, gutter-width, etc?
Don't use the IP address to distinguish which server the packet is from because a server can have more than one IP address, making it unreliable.
The status code received if the subscription has expired is 21006.
in method arguments is syntactic sugar for the receiving type of the method (i.e.
Find the two longest strings from a list || or the second longest list in PYTHON I'd like to know how i can find the two longest strings from a list(array) of strings or how to find the second longest string from a list.
Great little place to spend a Saturday afternoon.\n\nDefinitely will be going back.
Delicious food (the gnocchi was amazing), excellent wait staff, wonderful atmosphere.
The first time I got a platter/dinner, but I found the deal is really to be had with the gyros.
The types of vegetables in Casbah and Soba's versions differ, but the pestos taste pretty much the same.
Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables.
I can't seem to find it
Most companies hire special technical writers to do user-friendly documentation.
\n\nYes, it might be a little higher priced than other grocery store options in Madison, but the customer service, quality, and variety of food is worth it.
I am a hardcore devoted fan that appreciates all the excitement and joy you bring me along with the frustrations and anger.
Do yourself a favor and get 2 of them and thank me after.
The catchall always winds-up at the end.
\n\nBright and airy, with plenty of moving walkways to help you traverse the terminals rather painlessly, CLT (perhaps in spite of its unfortunate call letters) is spacious and welcoming.
Here's what I want to happen: When I type a specific query, let's say "car", I want to show the GridItem (which is just a clickable ImageView) of a car to the user.
However, your concrete problem is bigger.
It did not appear that they took reservations; I'm not sure.
New YouTube accounts don't have YouTube specific usernames
Like this: Or is it better to instantiate the object and afterward set its public properties like this: And regarding the delegate method, is it best practice to check the type by passing a parameter, or by checking the property of the passed back Controller as follows: or this: ?
This will ensure it is deleted completely.
You want clothes that have been respectfully honored for the wearable vintage art they are?
The food might be simple, but trust me when I say Pittsburgh is lucky to have it!
Knew I needed to get it tailored locally, but didn't know where to go.
Great atmosphere, unfortunately no parking , like in most uptown.
More than enough to satiate, without the need for a nap afterwards.
I always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back, super annoying.
You should not create a new thread for small tasks, this will slow your application down.
\n\nWhat you get for the money: great sushi and great Japanese.
But now, I'm unable to close it by any means.
This is a guest review from my wife Jodi, who grew up within walking distance of the Little Pink Doughnut Shop and came here often on her way to school and on weekends.\n\n\""Best doughnuts created by man.
In the general case, you can redirect to a file with the character:
Parking lot had a crowd so I try it.
is always a local variable and therefore it is overwritten in every function.
The number of times it has expired will then be stored in the buffer that you're ing into, or if it hasn't expired, the will fail with the error EAGAIN.
There is on street parking, and also a parking garage across the street.
check out the following: and the output:
This is because by default prints the result with the minimum number of characters possible.
But refreshing the index s search results.
Don't start any link with the character!
Let's just say I don't feel like I'm being taken advantage of.\n\nI do recommend this place.
The outdoor seating is in a little open air structure, so you are still out of the elements if it's raining or if the sun is beating down in the summertime.
But a bar with the best black and tans around.
You can make new union case values based on existing value of the same union case using Reflection.
In cluster mode , it runs remotely on an ApplicationMaster.
Then I am creating new browser, visiting web pages and trying to close this browser.
Two of the four taps were from New Belgium, another one was from a different Coloroda based brewery, and the only Carolina one was Thomas Creek.
There are a ton of little shops, restaurants and even a wine shop.
Plus, it felt about 50 degrees cooler inside than it was on their patio.
Don't filter unless you have personal (eg ethical/moral) or competitive objections to the type of content being displayed to give yourself the best chance of earning revenue.
Also I'm sure that this types works correctly in my database.
\n\nThe capital grille is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
They are booked several weeks out, but worth the wait if you can.
I cannot use a clockwise ordering because of the irregular shape of the contour.
so far i have: π dlocation (σ department (dname = 'research')) i'm really stuck, and confused...
After today, I can't imagine a better Pittsburgh lunch- not even Primanti's.
The first field of every record could indicate what type of record you are dealing with.
Here is an example that will help you get started:
How to improve resized image quality in gtk+3 c?
Git stores snapshots internally in the direction in your repository.
You guys are great out in nc.
there is generally no need to access the CPU registers from a program written in a high-level language: high-level languages, like C, Pascal, etc.
This is what you want: The first group could be prefixed by or , use the or operator.
The GWT compiler copies all the included content to the resulting main module directory.
I hope you'll stop by and give it a try.
..and just to add their prices are high, but they are in point for quality..
Food in here really amazing and served very fast.
The string you are inserting aren't unicode Try this:
I will definitely be staying here again!
There are many examples out there, and others can be found using google by searching for Javascript Countdown If you wanted to do it in PHP, the best way is to use mktime() to get the unix timestamp of when the time ends, and the value from time() .
The lookahead adds a -number exception.
It was warm, fresh and tasty.\n\nNext I thought I would try one of their Green Mountain coffees - the Island Coconut flavor.
Guys i want different "select" operation as per my needs, but i just need one helper function for all select operation , How do i get it??
Everything else is straight up memory reference counting.
No, the current beta VS11 Express edition only supports creating Metro apps.
I was disappointed to find that it was a chocolate custard with TONS of cookie dough chunks because I like custard and not just the mix-ins, etc.
I could also buy two packs of hot dogs and probably buns from a cheap place for $6.50, so it's not the cheapest.\n- The hot dog buns are good and have some green or black seeds on it.
It's still three times, five times but different lines.
\n\nAlso, don't worry about parking because they have valet up front.
Ritter's will never be a fine dining establishment.
The room was made up clean every day much to our satisfaction.
Or must I modify all the asset names by hand in order to do this?
By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer.
There was a on Stack Overflow, you may want to read through the answers to that question.
I recently attended La Traviata here.
I also tried various other types like double, float, int, etc The type of the depth image is unsigned short right??
I especially recommend the beef short ribs (strong and complex flavors) and the fillet mignon (super tender and juicy).
I went parse.com and made a new app.
Granted, Quiet Storm like many Pittsburgh places doesn't have an alcohol license and has to make do.
You can probably benefit from some covering indexes in this query, since you only use columns in and for the join and the query restriction (the WHERE clause).
And if your plan is to query the same input data multiple times, then you'd probably want to copy it to HDFS first.
Go on a day that's a bit overcast.
\""You really enjoy the hyperbole, don't you?\""\n\""Get up for it, Kathryn!\"" I threw my hands wildly about in the air above me.
I decided to try one of their junior stylists, Elizabeth.
Vin Santo successfully met our goal and went beyond.
This flag forces your browser to not use the ANGLE DirectX conversion layer.
I was looking through some of the files used in Vexflow and I'm trying to add new glyphs for the score however, I don't know what code is being used here in the vex.flow.font.js file: To my understanding, the code above is referenced by another file (glyph.js) to render an svg.
How can I stop it permanently after the given time and also run in the background ?
However, backticks are rarely necessary (when column names are also reserved words or there is a space, for instance).
Awesome food, fresh and the staff was even better.
Given that the first example here works - and that manipulating elements outside of the DOM is standard procedure in JavaScript - shouldn't this be possible here as well?
Best I've had in the city.
As stated in this issue , you need to add to your clickover options.
I always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh.
Bigger airport than one would think.
Sorting Array [0] I have the above users array, i'm trying to sort it alphabetically so the result looks like this This is my php code from those lines: Why isn't sort () working?
I'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies.
I managed to make it go in, but it won't leave.
Save your money, buy a nice $40-60 bottle at home and have a much better vino experience but pay less (or the same!).
It's kinda like a diner...with bare tables...and carpet...and a few random pictures on the wall.
When i learn Evans's DDD, i see that he defines the aggregate concept in domain, i think aggregate is static and not suitable for objects interactions, he only focused on the static structure of objects or relationship between objects.
Apparently I had let my IPAD slip from my bag and I left it in the booth where I had dined.
My girlfriend had to pick up her new glasses from them and they were really great.
She listened, and found me exactly what I was looking for at the budget I was allowed to work with from my company.
The plugin should be correctly installed and ready to use.
demo at Notice, since are unique, you do not have to describe the hierarchy in your jquery selectors.
To acomplish this which approach do you use?
How to define and use a system property in Android Instrumentation test?
Your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap prices at their in-house vet clinic.
Note: i can implement with " OR " but i want simple way (and other problem limit in max url char length)
Interestingly, there are some other folders that show up in your posted link that don't if you go in a different way to the same folder Going through my own drive, what I'm seeing is that all of the older folders I have from 2009 and earlier have the 72 character id format.
An runs in the background on a so anything done in the service will not effect the UI.
Definitely understand why it's always busy during lunch time.
To add columns and to OLE Destination you can use Derived columns
You also get a \""plate party\"" for you and a few friends, in which you create a custom plate to mount on their wall with your name on it.
I had to make sure I didn't leave any sauce on my fingers prior to typing this.
Earlier the problem was with the spark-1.5.2.tar file.
Swing use almost all the AWT components in it.
If I add one, then it uses it without the DI and if I don't add one, then it yells about not having it.
They have a 24 hour gym, an indoor pool and you can walk to plenty of places to shop or eat (but South Park does limit you late on a Sunday even if you are looking for reasonably priced establishments within a mile's travel).
I love this place!\nThis is a hidden gem in uptown, it's a cozy place with good food and even better service.\nThe first time I went for lunch I ordered the Baja quesadilla and I almost cried because the chicken on it tasted like a dish that we eat in Mexico.
Johnathan is super nice at the door as well.
There wasn't a part of the meal that was disappointing.
or, if is not present, such as on an ES3 implementation: or, with in Lo-Dash
I highly recommend locals and hotel guests alike to stop into the Dunhill bar for a drink.
But I don't care, I know I'm right.
Their cheese pizza is a must have if you're visiting Pittsburgh.
The Sunset roll was my favorite cause I loved that garlic sauce on top.
- works - not Well described .
We never ate sushi here, always the korean food.
Pay at front and they will bring the food out to you.\nFree refills on coffee.\nNever dissapointed.
We started with the cheese curds ($5.95) which were yummy.
I should have gone here and not Northlake to buy my dress!
I usually go with a 4.
Always great service when we came here for dinner and the music (since we were basically the only ones there).
It is more expensive than some other bakeries, but I think this is the type of place where \""you get what you pay for\"" is applicable.
\n\nThe reason my experience wasn't five stars was because of the room service.
Our last trip was on Valentine's Day.
To make a call to PayPal API it is neccessary to get OAuth token as described in I found that repeatedly calls to get OAuth token don't refresh it (the token gets the same, expiration time decreases).
With a shady roof overhead (love that newer addition) and tables for you and an army of your friends, this is quickly becoming my fave locale for keeping hydrated.
But you dont have to do it explicitly.
Great food, excellent service and affordable prices.
My question revolves around this last case—how often does it happen?
The basic idea is that we can inherit directly the definition from the base class along with its constructors, so that we have no longer to refer to that class in our statements.
It came out cut into pieces and served with some sweet sausage and a pesto drizzle.
The help of hist does not allow for a factor.
Iam unable to loop through JSON object(contents) and to get the items inside it.
When I go into the sandbox testing tools and do a simulated IPN, I get green checks indicating everything works.
I attended the 2013 AAHPERD National Convention.
I kept a low profile and my Chicago origin and calmly requested the Friday fish fry special.
I tested the code with the current version of Ember (1.6.1).
Honest, friendly, clean and efficient service.
They are very nice about making substitutions (I hate onions!).
Ok, I am a food snob from Los Angeles.
Is it because the message is too long?
While I don't claim to know much about Basketball ...(or anything really), I was able to still have a great time.
Both long term and short term parking shuttles wait at the same spot.
They used to have a prixe fixe meal on the weekends, but I think they got rid of that due to a low turnout.
You need to use, or create a datastructure which supports row and column operations.
You should use has_many :through if you need validations, callbacks, or extra attributes on the join model.
What if their are multiple albums with the same name?
i'm finding that when i insert an object with a DateTime property, it is getting -8:00 (my timezone is +8) applied by ormlite.
Jade indentation is "2 spaces" you should use it would also work with the "-" prefix (javascript mode) but it is not advised in this case where the standard Jade notation can work.
It's $35 for a 3 hour baseball game at Yankee stadium.....
Can we assign an attribute name for a Class even that attribute is a column in a different table?
Error in Integrated Weblogic 12C in SOA Suite - Derby server start and stop immediately I need help to solve this problem: I've already installed Oracle SOA Suite 12c using the developer pack (from oracle official downloads).
Please include examples with your suggestions.
Both me and my wife thought it had a great summer feel in the 50s.
The greeens and mac-n-cheese were not the best I have ever had, but they were right up towards the top of my list.
Create a segue only if the button is pressed!
- Find attributes anywhere in the document.
Both were very good, and even better the next day as leftovers.
You should use instead of because elements generates not in element with just id also another thing that function needs to to prevent the submitting data by first button
Good low to high price selection of cute clothes.
You can put them in separate DOM and apply margin or float and display as like you want..
How to use "Process Document From File" operator of RapidMiner in Java Code I have just started using rapid miner for text classification.
That it is only twelve times slower by your benchmark is still impressive.
A perfect solution would be for someone out there taking the raspicam source, stripped it down and tuning it for speed, and bolting it up to OpenCV.
Go here with some friends casually, bring a growler or a couple of bombers, have a good relaxed time.
I've stayed at a couple of Extended Stay sites that I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good.
In that case there is no problem with icons.
The crash happens long before my swap file is nearly full.
should do what you want to, although a more robust implementation would use .
How can I acquire data from live experimentation and do a live 2D plot using threads?
There are all sorts of coffees, candies, fresh fruit, meats (raw and cooked).
I like bars that are a little rough around the edges, but they don't usually have good food.
The other entrees were very good.
The Carnegie Museum of Art includes American art from the late nineteenth century, French Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings, and European and American decorative arts.
But there are two ways you can maintain Data on the Page's PostBack: .
\nFriendly staff but I'm not usually there to talk to them.
The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful.
I just created a blog post that hopefully answers your question about projecting the points onto a solid.
Or can an activity still be deemed "partially visible" when it has started up a new activity (activity calls startActivityForResult and starts a date picker activity) that covers the entire screen?
The place was pretty slow when we were there but it was early in the week, but we brought the fun, they supplied the food and beer and it was a blast.
I like Showmars restaurants and this one is no exception.
But I am not able to yield the values .Can you help?
The attribute on the other hand is intended to be displayed, and all browsers implement it as a tooltip (in fact, it's not just on tags; you can use for any element).
When we long press on any word, it shows the option for 'search', 'copy' etc.
Then in your existing local WP install, go to Admin > Tools > Export and select everything you want to export to the new site.
I just picked them up on lunch a few minutes ago and they look practically new.
\n\nI often like to gauge a business by the happiness of its employees and when I talk with them about working at Rutabaga, they never hesitate to sing the praises of this very cool store.
Big portion for the cheapest price.\n -The Seabass is by far the best tasting.
or maybe, next time don't be as dumb as me and say out loud you want to share....
I'm running into what appears to be a difference between OSX and Linux in this regard and I'm not sure what the (best) solution is.
All this says is to rename the package name on the file.
Environment is very shabby with some old chairs and tables.
Here is a simple C# program to verify the answer:
Chain an additional order on a Rails activerecord query?
so it must be something HookHandler depends on so I need to try the ProcMon tool or depends.exe to see what HookHandler is depending on I guess.
(I think I saw a sign posted that said 11 am - 2 pm, but can't swear by it...) \n\nThey have pretty much the same type of foods as the UHoP Cafeteria at Mint Street - your standard southern cafeteria style place with a choice of meat, 2 or 3 veggies, and bread or cornbread - only it is WAYYYYY better than the typical chain cafeteria!
Cute, dark, little place with outside seating.
Could you please help CSHTML Controller
As others have previously said, this will cause a stack overflow error, as the JVM will continually create and assign a memory allocation to the Test object until it runs out of space in memory.
In OOP it is recommended to program to the interface instead of class.
I assume you have implemented a Jingle client.
How to set css for chrome and mozila for responsive design?
All the liquor.\nThe excellent beer garden.\nThe good tunes.\nThe creepy room upstairs for shows.\n\nCheers!
Let's say it's the 25th October (at least the day should be greater than 12).
I downloaded it on all my test devices from the Play Store and it ran fine.
It would be great if someone can help me with this Javascript :-
For your case in special, I have no idea of what is SO and RO , and I can't do anything better than just guess, which again shows that a descriptive name is better than an acronym as a suffix.
Put the DNX version inside the global.json file which lives on the root directory of your solution (like here ).
If I log out the user and try to access '/projects/new' it's possible to do that, while it shouldn't be.
So, if I use the following code with a handler after the loop then the button is added on the bottom of the layout: If I used the following code after the loop then the button is added on the top of the layout: So now my app is working as intended with the handler but I am concerned as to why this was happening.
$13 makes it a tad pricey, and dinner entrees climb from that.
You could also try to import the new functionality in python 2.X: which prints .
package payroll; import java.util.Scanner; public class Employee { public void calcPay() { public void displayMessage() { This is what my output looks like: Enter the employee's name or stop if finished: Tim How many hours did Tim work?
Mert's is always crowded, but you're usually seated quickly.
Buy a block of the dill Havarti and try a bunch of samples.
I have attended a few events for my college at the Mimosa Grill.
The BBQ burger cooked medium is perfection!
You should also avoid extending from top level containers (in this case, you have no choice), but you should also avoid painting directly to top level containers.
it print GMT+02 because this is your "local" timezone.
All the staff is very friendly and atmosphere is welcoming.
The Main ViewModel would store the RegionManager as follows: And then, the child ViewModel should implement INavigationAware in order to retreive and set the scoped RegionManager on the OnNavigatedTo() method like shown below: I hope this helps, Regards.
If you consider what does, all you need to do is to set the right variable before your git commands in your script: If you don't, here is what you would see: I have uncompressed the latest portable version of msysgit .
The Virginia spots are one of my personal favorites.
\n\nThe managers that called to schedule the deliveries or confirm a return were so courteous!
php undefined index error with if/else shortcode I am trying to clean up my error log.
The rolls they bring out have not changed.
Help me remove a Singleton: looking for an alternative Background: I have some classes implementing a subject/observer design pattern that I've made thread-safe.
We didn't try the food here and instead went to P.F.
So if one of the rows has 2 unique events that would mean that the event action was triggered in 2 separate visits, and both these visits would be included in the overall unique events.
But any other available service/component could show up here.
After dinner my boyfriend and I both go my 6 packs to go..
But I imagine it'll be alot nicer once its all finished.
Feeling unadventurous, we decided to order their (famous) wedding soup, a cheese pizza and a sausage calzone to be able to try a few of the classics.
I have tried to access from multiple browsers and computers to see if it's a caching issue but alas, it does not seem to work...
I had the server techs update my server to MySql 5.5 and the issue is now fixed.
:) For ASP.NET provider, I would recommend you to find it on Microsoft site as they really specialize in this field.
Yes, you can do this, but it needs to be done through a separate mechanism than the argument.
had an everything bowl with vermicelli and some egg rolls.
I guess the question is similar to this.
it is now really measuring time), on pre -previous generation, especially on mobile or some multi-cpu rigs it is not.
What sort of Objective-C runtime magic do I need to use to make it so a property for an object is always set to a value than its normal default.
We have been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it has been great every time.
This must be a Wisconsin thing, but their scramble (eggs with various other ingredients-like an omelet by scrambled eggs) was delish.
He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.\n\nWell, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.\n\nAnd yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail.
And when you need to inject it back into some other DOM (like your HTML page) you can export it again using the $dom->saveXML() method.
I always tell them to make the sauce spicy :) For appetizers the \""Steamed Veggie Dumplings\"" are amazing with a sweet soy sauce.
and not all are bad, just most.
I cannot ase a minimum distance criterion because some points of other parts of the contour lie closer (example: point A has to be joined with B, but is closer to C).
If your code uses linear algebra, check it.
One of my friends made a reservation in advance and we were seated in a room by ourselves off to the side (their party room, I'm assuming).
If you're going for the beer, you won't be disappointed.
Is A1 found between values B and C, where B is the start number and C is the end number, regardless of row?
You're now back to square one: you need to make sure that the ressources are sufficient to run the tasks required in advance.
In the usage() function, I do this to indent blocks of text (eg, the options): This regex, in addition to being pretty obvious, comes straight out of TJ Hollowaychuk's commander.js code.
Object oriented programming allows you to encapsulate data so that it doesn't pollute the global namespace.
The best thing I have noticed about this place is unlike many Chinese restaurants, they use the same menu for lunch and dinner.
Especially, if there isn't an active object.
I combined the two conditions that returned into a single statement using .
Also, the order came out 1 minute after the wait person brought my coffee; like magic.
However, I have another doubt: How does twitter determines what specific terms in a tweet should be the TT?
well im not exactly sure so don't quote me.
Anyhow, how do you get user input in clojure ?
The cornbread is also very good.
For example: Add it near the CFBundleName key/value pair under the element.
The hot sauces they have are HOT and I love it!
Tough to get in, reservations are a must but always delicious.
This works, but it's still creating the threads even though the "expensive" work of loading the image from disk isn't being executed unless it's the most recent cell.
My plugin often doesn't work with 'other' jQuery Versions.
I've never had a rude driver, and each driver was really helpful with heavy luggage at the airport.
I guess you're paying for the view, which is kind of cool but I'd rather not pay double.
I get no console errors in Google Chrome.
So I have no basis for comparison, but it was GOOD...real good the smokiness of the pork really shined!
The manicures lasted for over a week, and were fast and lovely.
They have competitive prices, their staff are friendly and passionate about the business, and they do good work.
I can fix this by putting a folder next to the jar file named Resources, and put everything in there, but I'd like to know why just putting it in the jar file only worked for the images, and how I can get it to work with the text and audio files as well.
Having said all that, I would encourage you not to use as a learning tool.
\n\nMake sure to check out the men's room (men and women alike) as Bubba, who is there most days, will give you a good laugh at his creation.
Realized that only one of four ads are appearing.
Food and service was just amazing.
When was the last time that the night staff pulled some food from the refrigerator (gratis) after a midnight arrival caused by flight delays?\n\nThey make everything in-house and it is all extraordinary.
declare a function and declare as a static inside it now map is guarantee to be initialized.
Now, maybe I'm missing something here, but when I go and save a group of values in my entity, as soon as I terminate my application, those values evaporate.
Original question I have what I think is an appropriate use of a Singleton.
Grab a box of a dozen, don't even think too hard about the flavors because they're all great, and any cream cheese will be perfect.
You only have to get that right in printTime().
I have to use getVariablename and setVariablename for my methods.
Good Korean restaurant and close to engineering labs.
First &amp; Last name -> Since I have multi-lang, tables all support UTF-8, but do i need to declare them as nvarchar in-case a user enters a Chinese name?
Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.
Is there any chance to use API or something else to get a lot of data without problems ?
Ideally you should use bean classes instead of ArrayList> because it takes more time to compute has code on keys every time.
This is for C++ - win32.
The ravioli is cheese filled and the meat sauce is a lovely combo of meat and chunky tomatoes.
Estimate the size of outputted dll/exe upfront?
You can as well always check what cookies are set/sent back in/from the browser using the respective developer tools (Firebug, Firefox Dev Tools, Chrome Dev Tools, etc.).
Is there an existing function to do the inverse?
Not only the vets, but the front desk staff.
It'd be much quicker to pass-by-pointer or pass-by-reference in that case.
Secondly I also need for the field allocated in trans table to be '%Y', and I need the sum of the units field for each accountID in transunit to be greater than 0.
Update the class to be a partial class (might already be from the code generation) and then create another code file in your solution which won't be overridden.
You can certainly find these things online but I think it is fun to go in and find Day of the Dead candles and authentic pinata's for a mexican themed party and also walk out with all of the food to serve as well.
Having this function created, you can use it like so:
How can I create a bash or zsh alias for git commit, git pull, git push and pull on a remote server?
Sure, I haven't had this kind of haircut since gradeschool, but he did clean it up quite nicely and even gave my beard a clean trim.
SpreadsheetEntry.getKey() returns a key preceded by 'spreadsheet%3A' I use Google Spreadsheet API to copy a document from one account to another and then I want to return the key for the newly created spreadsheet.
Figured this out when I tested the app on my phone instead of emulator.
Experiencing difficulty with a bubblesort exercise I have an exercise where I need to use a WebMethod to perform a bubble sort, Ascending and Descending.
I ended up using an XmlTextReader to return the desired namespace on nodes matching a property name.
The only thing that can use help with is the sushi.
To my surprise I find that it is actually slower.
In html form attribute i´m using an existing data from database.
Your booking code should BEGIN a transaction, confirm that the time is available using SELECT, and if it is available, INSERT or UPDATE the database to make the reservation, finally COMMITing the transaction.
Typically, a handler would return XML (rss, RESTful, etc), JSON for jQuery or other Javascript, or sometimes just pure data such as file binary downloads.
C# How to Determine if Netwokr Path Exists w/o new Process I want to check if a certain network drive is accessible and exit my addin if not.
and you can see that as below
I have two strings from which I want to extract IPs.
The main goal was to get some fresh meat and milk; let's face it - those are two items you don't want to get from an Aldi's or a Woodman's.
You name it, they've got it.\n\nLots of foods choices, my travel friend of Starbucks, and bars galore.
Other than water temp, I liked the fact that the cold water pool was only for lap swimming.
review on the pizza sounds great too.....looking forward to trying it.
Variable item height in TreeView gives broken lines Wee.
I love their frozen fishes, variety choice at a reasonable price.
All you have to do is open the examples screen and find the example you want.
Probably by modifying the "System Power States" as described here (but in c#) That article also describes a way to prevent the mobile device to sleep (which is not exactly what you may want), by calling the native function SystemIdleTimerReset() periodically (to prevent the device from powering down).
The short rib ravioli is a must have although arguably a touch salty.
this is the main layout here "R.layout.history" That loads a bunch of results in a ListAdapter and each result is displayed using R.layout.card_background I am trying to initialize and set the setOnClickListener for a TextView located on R.Layout.card_background but I am getting a nullPointerException.
(Task Manager shows the Excel process as using around 120 MBs.) The Code (Snippet) More Details Edit: Array Size: 773x5 Any thoughts on why this might be happening?
Backbone.js: Best way to handle multiple nullable filter parameters have the following function on my collection : What is is best way to deal with nullable params passed in i.e.
Using works this way for historic reasons in some browsers (I believe it works in IE, but not much else), but it is not intended as a tooltip.
However, Capital Grille treated us so well during the Yelp Generous Pour event, we decided to return.
I opted for the prociuto as the meat option and I'm glad I did.
Visiting from Toronto, I was really impressed!
Its selection is considerably larger than what you can find in most Giant Eagles, and it has more upscale items.
There is usually a steady entering of people coming to discuss your procedure and answer questions so write them down before you get here, because if you are like me it quickly escapes your memory when they ask if you have any questions.
Yes, the membership price can be a little high in comparison, but if you want plenty of options to get your sweat on and enjoy an organization that has proven staying power and plenty of social options, then the Y wins hands down.\n\nThe Harris is a family Y, so they have programs and options specifically for children.
It suits the cuisine and is well set for small groups or a date.
\n\nThe staff was polite and helpful.
\n\nService was very attentive and we went on a Saturday night.
The staff was super kind especially when I realized I had forgotten my family heirloom jewelry.
The only change I could think of would be to put on some soft easy listening music.
i think i may have made a mistake ordering no sour cream, b/c the hotcake stuffed with strawberries and dry piles of brown sugar was at times too sweet for me.
Being a small-ish space with lower ceilings and hard floors, it does get a bit noisy when the place fills up so best to beat the rush if you're sensitive to that sort of thing.
UML and java classes I do need your valuable help.
Then, using the info to provide most relevant suggestion to each individual customer.
I want to start a new activity or if that possible, to make same activity for multiple xml, if I click on item in that list view.
Either use another element, for example a .
rate).\n- A couple of good restaurants on site.\n- Very nice room with a great view of the city.\n\nI wouldn't hesitate to come back here again.
Also, people are suggesting that one use the AsEnumerable extension method .
And it was in a sketchy area.
Check if jQuery or mooTools are loaded In my project I am using in client side and in admin side.
What you're asking: Im going to assume you meant to say 100 input and 1000 output?
When teachers try to use it, they are prompted to save the DB locally and then "Save to SharePoint" when they are done.
Finally, parking sucks there's a lot of very busy restaurants and businesses on the same street, so expect to walk a little.
There have been some awesome haircuts along the way, and a couple duds.
It seems like they are trying hard and I intend to be back.
This is what you want to get to: Note that the ecomm_totalvalue should be a sum of the values of all products that are in the ecomm_prodid array, and should be a normal Number and not a string (no commas, no $ or £ etc) So, something like this: This would then be equivalent of something like this:
When I was a roofing mechanic, we'd meet there before work.
I use flag variable isConnected that I put on false on "disconnect" event, and if isConnected is false I'm not emiting to server, just writing in database.
Afterwards I was impressed and absolutely full, but I wouldn't give it the BBQ crown.\n\nI think most of the value here comes from its uniqueness.
What to use for a datagrid with a lot of data?
Basically because I had more juice than potato :-( \n\nStaff was friendly and attentive.
\n\nMy only complaint was the \""fresh squeezed\"" orange juice.
\n\nI wholeheartedly recommend them for any type of Jewelery service.
Suppose name of some event or an entity changes from A to B, then I have to go to all the pages to make that change.
In the constructor you have giver the version 1: super(context, DATABASE_NAME, null, 1); Please look at reference/android/database/sqlite/SQLiteOpenHelper Better is to take a string for the version, becourse an upgrate was taken when you have a new version.
If you have not tried their Burnt Almond Torte you must comehere!
I ordered my favorite dish \""Braised Fish\"" and 3 dim sum dishes.
Three of the nine elements in each character are wide (binary value 1), and six elements are narrow (binary value 0).
You could achieve this by looping over the properties of the object itself and sorting the arrays they contain, something like this: Working example Note that by default only uses basic alphanumeric sorting logic.
I am using qt for the first time.
As for the entrees we chose two to share, and unfortunately I don't recall the names, however, that will not hold me back from describing.
The issue is that "XXX_09_JUN" and "XXX_7_JUN" and "XXX_09_APR" need to be the same group.
\n\nLot 17 is a PITT bar and a great place to watch a Saturday football game or a basketball game.
I need to simulate a longPressClick on the screen Let's say ( 200, 200 ) Upon User click the native code runs and performs pixel manipulation on Bitmap.
We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence.
Automatic Numbering of Headings H1-H6 using jQuery I read I've some nested hierarchical Headings like this I need some automated headings output like this: Is there a way how this can be achieved using jQuery or alike, working in IE6+?
I really like their d\u00e9cor, classic diner style.
How to delete files in github using the web interface The title pretty much is the question.
Of course, if you want an enum that represents the combination of two flag values then you'll want to OR them together (using ), not AND them together.
Fox and Hound is a case in point.
I wasn't really listening to her explain it, but it was some sort of delcious hummus on a truffle infused chip...
Sometimes there are cool live bands.
Only Tagged PDF files store the Unicode text - otherwise you may have to reconstruct the characters from the glyph names in the fonts.
Margin on table I have a margin-top problem on my .
You specify the edition after the name of the DB: The documentation for the syntax can be found here
For reference I have renamed the source Otaku as I plan to use it as the base for a new app.
Until now, I thought good sushi in Champaign was wishful thinking.
The phone answerer set up a time call for me, and the driver arrived two minutes before the time I requested, so I didn't have to wait at all.
What is the best programming method to build this hierarchy with unlimited height?
I have a Play 2.3.x Java application connected to a MongoDB database via Morphia.
Why is my copy constructor not working with new invocation and has same memory address?
I really don't want to use tables.
Symmetric Encryption isn't working I am trying to generate cipher text and decrypted data.
Always packed here and always a wait but worth it.
Then again, I always come in the middle of the afternoon and only order one drink and the French Onion Soup.
In all other cases, the standard filesystem functions are more than adequate.
He actually got on the ground to peak under my car, and he knew what the problem was in less than a minute.
The malt was very good and the fries were just your standard average fries.
You can nest hierarchical Recordset objects to any depth (that is, create child Recordset objects of child Recordset objects, and so on).
However, any place that has a sandwich that includes both bacon and avocado is a winner for me.
background color is includes the padding but not the margin.
The methods need an instance of Display to create the images.
It was proportioned well and the cream, the hard cheese, paired with the fruit and honey were just right.
Result looks like I made it pink so it's obvious how much space does it take.
In general, you only use for primitive value comparisons.
On my system (an ARM Chromebook), compiling test.c: with and then running gives These are the dynamic relocation entries that are in the file, all the stuff that will be linked in from libraries external to the binary.
Download and test the ListDemo example for How to Use Lists .
Datastore entities can only be written at a rate of at most 5 times per second.
I'm pretty sure if the app developer didn't build in such an api for you to hook into you are out of luck
Extract information from org.apache.cxf.binding.soap.SoapMessage Is there a way to get the soap action from an instance of ?
This airport served as our layover between LAX and Nassau so my experience is a bit limited to those combined 3ish hours I spent there.
#2 - the prices are so cheap.
This has got me quite stumped and I am unsure how to get the rating into the organizer rating column of the ratings table.
No, you shouldn't use the above instead of .
I think code be changed if~else to if~if for render when I click.
William Pugh, one of the authors of "JSR-133: Java Memory Model and Thread Speciﬁcation" maintains a webpage about the memory model here: The complete JSR-133 can be found here: Also relevant is the Java Language Specification, Section 17.4 Memory Model:
There are a lot of situations where a connection could be dropped and I don't think polling will provide much in the way of mitigating the problem.
In the string you prepare use: Now client side that will look like: If you want to replace client side you can use , but I think client side will be too late (the Error is already thrown on arrival and interpretation of the sent string)
You can extract this information, using the details from the link, to get the relevant information.
Highly recommend the \""Shrimp and Crawfish\"" app to start and \""7th St.
I would like to create a method for an array that checks if the 'id' field within the object does not already exist in the array.
The simple answer is it doesn't so it can't.
As a vegan (since 2008) we are a regular at whole foods.
They take good care of all their critters.
If it is now a valid word, replace the original word.
In JUnit 4 is this possible about @Test(expected).
Here is a solution (due to multiple characters in ): Here is set to space or newline, so it will run one and one word on each line.
I tested with protobuf-java-2.4.1 and jdk1.7.
I know the error cannot be resolved to a type usually indicates there is a class missing or perhaps an XML issue but the error indicates 'TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type' however I don't have a TimePicker.Java - I just want to use the timepicker buttons coded in the XML below.
Installation's object default ACL and security issue I see on Data Browser that every new Installation's object has default ACL 'Public read and write' permissions.
Eddy was recommended to me by a friend since I have curly hair.
Restart Apache Check PHPInfo scroll to section (or find): imagick number of supported formats: 234 (on mine) If there is no "imagick" section or "supported format" is 0, something went wrong.
\n\nYou can't beat their beer selection.
And if you store as an object that's keyed by its , then you can save even more time by not having to create the index each time the function is run.
If you are rolling down Highway 277 and you see this giant building, you may easily mistake it for a church.
It's awesome for doing this sort of thing.
My first visit to Kraynick's was during a panic situation, otherwise known as a tire blow-out.
We were the only reservation they had that evening the server insisted they were fully booked the rest of the week though!\n\nIf you have never been or never heard of them before, they ask for you and your party to call in how many courses and what entree choice you would like the day before so that they can plan a menu specifically for your party.
Having read many of the reviews on this site we went early on a Tuesday evening and were seated in one of only two empty tables.
it's surrounded by really good restaurants, like Harpers, Red Lobster, Olive Garden.\n\nI'm really a fan and I would recommend my friends and family to this mall.
dolma, hummus, kabob/shawarma, cucumber yogurt, kofta, kebbi, etc.\n\nBut I will mention stuff they could improve a bit more:\nThe red pepper paste was a bit bitter, but taste fresh\nTabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing).
Didn't get a chance to try dessert.\n\nBoth items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
My (naive?) attempt was this query: What this returns is simply the first 5 highest-scored articles, rather than the 5 most-read articles within the first 25 highest-scored.
However, I am docking a star because there was only one bar tender working, so it took him forever to address me, run my card, etc - and this was just for a slice of pecan pie.
I am impressed with Giant Eagle and some of the items they carry--Jeni's Ice Cream, Talenti Gelato, Montgomery Inn barbecue sauce and great fresh fried chicken.
Instead you can try: To verify that your PHP and Javascript is performing as expected.
Old question, but I found that the existing answers do not completely convert the text to plain.
another additional note: NEVER call Thread.sleep() ; on the UI Thread (a.k.a.
How to update message components associated with ?
Have you tried removing the ContentType header and adding it after : I have never done that with app_offline.htm but might work.
Typically the url to a specific view &amp; task in a component would look like these: Joomla!'s framework will automatically use the &amp; params to get your components correct controller and view (or sub-view).
Alright calm down and relax, cherish your shrimp sauce, hell let your food take a bath in it.
This little Pittsburgh gem of a restaurant is now opening locations in other cities like Columbus and Philly.
I have created gems before using Bundler, and Jeweler, however, I'm not all all clear on how to organize the Rails view helpers in a gem, and include them into rails.
But the quality has greatly improved over the years and the service as well.
As noted by another reviewer, these rooms catch A LOT of street noise.
Samantha took care of us and is an ambassador for the establishment.
Show hide marker using circle points openlayers 3 How to show hide markers (P icon) using circle points (something like point1.distanceTo(point2)) need to show markers If markers comes inside the circle another hide it (currently changing circle radius through slider)
Both were fresh and lightly dressed.
However, the price was right for me and my girl - 4 glasses of wine and two trays of tapas (the Chef's cheese platter and the veal & pork meatballs for $50)!
I love the diversity, I love the fact that you can come and dance and not worry about what you look like.
Why have you declared val and dpayment as strings?
size: 4 capacity 4 - Average copies per element is (2 + 1 + 0 + 0) / 4 = 3 / 4 = 0.75.
\n\nOverall this is just another great addition to the Pittsburgh's cultural district.
I'm not a Thai food expert, but I really really enjoy their food.
I would skip that one and just get 2 Chicago Dogs instead.\n\nIf you're looking for a hot dog in Chicago, Matt's is the place to get it!
In case someone is wondering what the complete solution looks like, here it is:
Duck typing refers to writing code that just uses the features of values that it is passed that are actually needed for the job at hand, without imposing any other constraints.
Its restrooms are always very clean and smell good, and the tables are quickly bussed and wiped down to make room for the next customer.
In this example, we select from a table named 'albums', and fabricate a column 'name' to hold the values.
So,in this case equals method should be used instead of equality operator.
Assuming you want to copy the values of the previous block when add button is clicked, you can do this:
You have cookies, fruit, tiramisu, cakes.\nIf my husband wasn't as full as he was, I would have had him roll me out the door ;-)
I think this is where we will be buying our fire wood from now on.
I am sure that my certificats are valid.
We may have ordered a few extra of those.
Your call actually has no effect (apart from possible headers being sent), and the only reason this is not causing an error is because the body that is being echoed is empty at that time, otherwise you'd receive a " headers already sent " error when Cake outputs the rendered data.
Those you pasted are debug messages.
iPhone App; identify file type from url for an iphone app i am downloading files using url....
\n\nThe wedding cake arrived on time and in perfect condition!
What are RecyclerView advantages compared to ListView?
For my entree I ordered a special - Yellow Fin Tuna with a grain of some sort and asparagus - I had it cooked medium, and it was great.
So the result is DVD Unknown DVD:DVD.
C++ template issue to Pull Up the Builder pattern into a configuration?
\n\nI checked out Great Harvest this morning since I saw I had a BOGO coupon for a honey whole wheat loaf of bread in the Citipass book.
I love their friday night fish fry .
My fiance got the beef and noodles, which was just as tasty as the first time.
I have a HTTP based RESTful APIs When i connect for example to www.domain.com/chiamate/ELSENWZ i got this result: I have implemented into AngularJS a service to use the rest api in this way: because i want that when the controller use the service, into result i need to add some extra properties.
For a tutorial on how to get started with comet read this: Getting Started with Comet and StreamHub .
Yes it's totally hipster and funky.
text format like: Windows Server 2008 ...etc But sometimes there are different fonts or something like style.
Rather, if the function actually does throw any unlisted types, your program will terminate.
Consistently very good, in my regular lunch rotation, never had a bad meal here although the service can be a little hit or miss sometimes.
i ordered the strawberry \""hotcakes\"" which are not actually crepes, despite what reviews here say...
I came to Tullock because my wife and i are big on Yelp.
\n\nFull disclosure: while the wait staff is so friendly, they do get overwhelmingly busy at lunch.
Use SOAPUI operations within your IDE, via plugins.
I don't think the cooks know what that word means.
How can I send a REST XML POST request via curl?
What is the best way to do this?
\nDessert was a nice assortment of house prepared sorbets (mixed berry/pineapple/grapefruit).
My point is, they are supposed to stay concurrent.
If you want to relax - it is suitable, but if you want to people watch and have a great drink - the lounge works too!
I would suggest non-Chinese customers to bring a Chinese speaking friend and look at the Chinese menu instead of the English one.
I thought that i could do something like this but of course this is not the right way to do it.
I got a booty call and subsequently had my order wrapped to go, which the waitress was really great about.
And if that prediction does turn out to be wrong, then you have to change every piece of code the accesses the singleton via the public variable.
The stylist gave me a wash and this fantastic towel-neck-massage when she was drying me.
The food is fresh and appears to be prepared with care and dare i say it, a sense of pride!\n\nMy latest visit here I found myself ordering the Parmesan Crusted Sole.
Only wish they had better roadside presence so I had been able to find them sooner!
My food is always fresh, the proper temperature, nicely packaged and correct.
The one the compiler declares has this signature .
Other solutions are welcome as well.
Just changed it to adding spaces and it worked, not sure if this is supposed to happen and not even sure it is what went on but never the less I got it working.
It was well worth the wait.
This place is my second home during football season.\n\nI've sat pretty much everywhere in this place.
Add: Then add an outlet: Then change the value to 0 when the view disappears and then to 20 when it will appear: Full code (make sure to remember to connect the constraint to the outlet):
I believe you meant to use the instance data for your implementation: Another option is to make the method a static method, which does not need an instance, which will look like: Both options will be considered recursive , since the method calls itself.
JayData does NOT track complex types (like arrays or custom type objects) inner values..
The pasta was spot on cooked...not a soggy noodle in sight.
A glipse of his epic mustache alone is worth the visit, but he's always willing to give you a tour.
Coming from Chicago where there are several now restaurants I would recommend this place.
\n\nI have thrown just about everything Rosa's way, including alterations, hemming, dry cleaning, pressing, etc.
So this how I envisage the code might be strung together.
My mother and I both agreed that the miso caramel was amazing, and while mom's concept of \""spicy\"" may be questionable, her judgment of things caramel is not.
Everything worked just fine until I tried to install a program in the VM: The program won't run, but we can see the process runs.
I would return just for that dish.
Can a task be started when my activity is created without me executing it programatically?
I also had some coffee which was obviously fresh-brewed.
Though I've been fortunate to have in-home laundry capabilities everywhere I've lived over the last several years, recently I found myself in need of professional (laundry) help when my dog puked all over our comforter and mattress pad (thanks again for that, little buddy).
I'm definitely recommending this to my husband for future golf outings.\n\nI ordered the sushi and was pleased with the quality and how quickly the order came out!\n\nThey also have an excellent beer selection!
I enjoyed my shrimp and corn chowder, but I would have liked to have seen a bit more shrimp(but when is TOO MUCH shrimp ever possible).
Perhapse this is what you're looking for: Returns: Or, if you additionally want to sort by the first element: Also returns:
if you use wifi - The connection is good ?
My car looks great and my inconvenience was minimal.
multiple vs single selection), it's hard to give actual code but here's something.
Well-I am glad I did not do that!
So, in , how does it know which object to call on?
So, I need to check that anyone of these 3 fields is in common.
The CSS folder is in the same folder as the actual php file.
Frankie the bartender is a major plus and the food across the board is a plus.
There's no website for inventory because things turn around so fast it would just be a waste of the volunteers time.
I am not sure if this is an hardware related problem, my laptop's screen size is 15" while the PC that gives problem has a screen size of 40" Please help.
TOTALLY one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!!
But I have got stuck there for 2 days.
We had a short wait but were seated quickly.
and i strongly recommend to use speeds such as 200 - 500 ms, cause else animation will take to long time.
Next time, shish tahouk and baba ganouj.
The fish melts in your mouth.
I have an intuition (that is currently not backed up by any hard data) that a growth rate in line with the golden ratio (because of its relationship to the fibonacci sequence) will prove to be the most efficient growth rate for real-world loads in terms of minimizing both extra space used and time.
And one of the possibilities is "invisible" which makes sure the text isn't shown.
how do I inject ngRoute into spec.js correctly?
You can make a function like this: Example of usage: If you want to modify the value at the last index, you can do something like this.
It is a bad idea, but if you change the variable to a one, you will achieve your goal.
Still there is no e-replacement of a physical book in ones hand and the smell of pages as you thumb through.\n\nThis B&N is large, very large.
I unzipped "libboost_data_time_vc100-mt-gd-144.zip" which contains only the missing .lib and this seems to have solved the problem.
The staff is friendly and attentive.
Wir bevorzugen zum Umsteigen Charlotte anstelle von Philadelphia auf dem Weg nach z.B.
It was a square beef patty which didn't seem right and there wasn't a lot of flavor.
A Better Way To Make My Parallel.ForEach Thread Safe?
This was an excellent choice.\nYou're offered complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary.
Most of the ones I can think of offhand (QT, wxWidgets, and FLTK) require C++, though.
I draw 30 marbles, and I want to know what's the probability that at least five of the marbles are red.
He has a great personality, a great sense of humor, and very concerned about the wellbeing of his patients.
If I use it succeeds but fails
I don't see you clearing the interrupt.
Design Pattern to output separate different files from same input parameter I have this Food class with 20 properties.
relational algebra specific operations I have these tables I would like to retrieve the list of locations for the finance department using only the following relational algebra operations {σ, π, ∪, ρ, −, ×}.
We had a picky eater with us who claimed he did NOT like \""greens.\"" Our waitress Paris suggested he try their greens.
Sam knows the yard like the back of his hand, and the shop will hook you up with what isn't out in the yard.
My gf had the salmon benedict.
I was craving scallops and ordered the Pan Seared Scallops.
But those are not much helpfull Please help me to resolve the problem.
I try to add -Djava.library.path="sql server.dll" on eclipse.ini after -vm line but still it is throwing driver is not configured for Integrated Security.
Overall, I will definitely head back when I am in the area.
The first frame ( ) works when I call the function.
could have been a long day, but it was a bit awkward.
You can use the functions in xmppStreamManagement for sending the request and get received id: and make sure the stream management is enabled by:
But, There are plenty of more detailed explanation if you google it.
In case 1 the shared resource will be deleted, as there are no more objects referencing it.
I wonder how can I unwrap the selected when I apply this plugin on a text that has been previously wrapped into the span.
The data in A,B,C might be non-numeric and not sorted and so forth.
I would say that doing this is not as difficult as some might imply, you just have to be a bit adventurous!
Each data may contain only the character and 6 unique numbers from to .
When we submit the form all the filled in form values are sent to the action whose route matches with the form URL(in your case URL points to the action) In action you are receiving parameters in the form of a hash with model attributes( attributes) as keys and the filled in information as their values.
auto partial page refresh in asp.net without UpdatePanel I want to make auto partial page refresh in asp.net.
How to build Angular2 app with external json file using angular-cli in prod mode?
[SHOCKED!] No one has written a review about B&N in the Arboretum??!!??\n\nI guess that does illustrate the shift in bookstores will the online market like Amazon....
You can try something like this: The external file doesn't have to be a .js extension.
The staff is great - front of the house and back.
Locker room is large and offers dry cleaning AND shoe shining, which I like.
301 Redirect to URL with named anchor using IIS I am trying to figure out how I can perform a 301 redirect from: to using IIS 6.0 Are there any issues associated with redirecting to a URL containing a hash that I should be aware of?
So here's what I've come up with: It's in PHP since I need it to be dynamic, but it would basically be the following if I needed, say, only 2 tags ( , ).
Neither are a direct port, but of the two -- MySQL's syntax is more similar to SQL Server's than PostgreSQL.
We have a decent art museum, but nothing this awesome.\n\nThe Carnegie Museum houses two very nice museums.
Conversion of long to decimal in c# I have a value stored in a variable which is of type "long".
u would either specify the full path of the .class file or put the .class file path in the classpath which would save a lots of works !
And they did not skimp on the toppings!
Lakeisha, the awesome employee that answered the phone didn't flinch when I said I needed the lunches in an hour.
If they may, we can use a builder function to ensure we use the version as of when we hooked up the handler rather than the version as of when the click event happens: Live Example:
The damage was minimal, but after calling it into my insurance company, they directed me to come here.\n\nWithin minutes of me hanging up my phone with the insurance company my phone was ringing to indicate that Mikes was calling to set up an appointment to get my car in for an estimate.
I sort of experienced the same problem and it let me to this SO post.
The cornmeal breading is phenomenal and it isn't greasy like some others.\n\nAs of 07/2014 food service stops at 7 PM on Friday.
Especially when they drop a bottle of olive oil (looks like rosemary and garlic infused) and bottle of balsamic on the table for you to make your own dipping oil.
While I was a little skeptical walking into the place, I loved the experience in the end.
They offer lots of craft beer options, seasonal stuff and even single bottle.\nThis past weekend I was looking specifically for a pumpkin dark beer (stout/porter).
Does become to do a separate function?
Windows command processor does not determine if a string is a folder or a file name.
The drinks are amazing.\n\nThe hipster atmosphere reminds me of Portlandia.
\n\nOverall, I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice, romantic date night out in Point Breeze.
I had also asked for the price for the lenses (They have hi-index lenses from 1.60, 1.67, and 1.74).
for a specific redirection you can use this: As for the post part, you can just use the TempData dictionary (TempData["varName"]) to pass the data to the next controller/action
Ohhhh the murphyburger, how I loved thee.
What is the difference in those two?
Uptown vs Downtown) so I frequent alot of these places.
The biggest complaint was the lack of space at this location, and when folks were getting their fix between 8-10am and 2-4pm, you know this spot would get crazy crowded, and you really couldn't move around without accidently brushing someone's ass, and then have to wait for some slow poke to finish languidly stirring their mocha choca latta yay extra soy 5-pump coffee, it got pretty frustration.
Anything a user (programmer) of your module needs to know to use your module should be in there, but put the actual implementations in the associated file.
I have decided to use cloudinary for the time being.
The waiter also recommended are a resonably priced ($50/bottle) that was excellent.\n\nAnd yes, the room itself is very charming and when we sat down I asked the host about the place and he told us all about the history of the space.\n\nAt about 8pm on a rainy Thursday night it was just us and two other tables.
in the event that you want to 're-use' an existing (or one of the other Spring Batch Jdbc*ItemReaders), you can switch the SQL dynamically by leveraging the step scope.
You can use to run tests from command line if that's what you need.
Suggest the use of to hold the user maintained list (as show in the picture below) Let’s add a worksheet for user input of the requirements called “_Tables”.
The staff is helpful and will let you roam to your hearts content.
However what if i have multiple applications with the same intent filter in the manifest file.
Your "standard Ubuntu terminal" probably supports xterm escape codes: See specifically: CSI P s ; P s ; P s t P s = 1 9 → Report the size of the screen in characters.
I would definitely recommend visiting them to friends and family!
My boyfriend was so flustered he just ordered by number and ended up with two entrees!
So tried to configure in the but it is throwing some compilation exception.
Oh, and the cost is about $45-50, which I'd say is average for most groomers I've gone to.
You said this place was good and that's the truth.
We ordered the Bean Curd with garlic and it was fresh and flavorful, lots of fresh veggies.
Heroes is the Most spacious and \""prettiest\"" of the comic shops in Charlotte.
I'm having a hard figuring out how to solve this problem!
Large portion sizes, free refills on soda, and the friendliest staff around.
The items on the lower end of the spectrum seem to have been vetted for quality (clothes more than jewelry).
The drinks and music were really good.
But the haircut prices vary by stylist.\n\nNow this is why they lose a star ..
So I'd stick to One World to fulfill that drunken craving if I were you...\n\n*Also, I don't know if anyone else has noticed this, but I always come out of the restaurant smelling like I've dipped myself in frying oil.
Free: Jupiter is distributed free of charge.
Ok guys, i'm dealing with this situation in my Android App.
I've tryed some codes but i get big numbers...like this one: Any one?
To make things even more interesting, is a reserved sub-delimiter, too, but: if a reserved character is found in a URI component and no delimiting role is known for that character, then it must be interpreted as representing the data octet corresponding to that character's encoding in US-ASCII.
For the same price as a Jimmy John's sandwich or Moe's Burrito, you can have a expertly prepared Italian feast with all fresh ingredients.\n\nWhy not a 5?
\n\nOverall, my dad said that the ride was good, he was in business class so they gave drinks and they had some food options for him.
I read the reviews here and still decided to try it out.
The problem is that text is not shown correctly; characters seem to be omitted in textfields.
Although many have said that this is pretty much a 'meathead' joint/sausage fest, I think the same could be said of other shadyside bars (william penn, doc's, etc.) \n\nI give the saloon four stars because it's near my house, has cheap drinks, and plenty of space.
To know whether it will work for your particular situation, I would suggest creating a rope with variable length segments and make a decision based off benchmarking the performance as to how smooth you can make the rope by increasing the number of segments.
This is one of the few restaurants I frequent in the Waterfront.
ui-router change url after $state.go I have a route: In all cases when I use $state.go with this route, I want to change rid to 'all' if it's value is '0', so my url'll be like /category-1/country-195/region-all I've tried to do it in $rootScope.$on('$stateChangeStart'), but with no luck.
It's always been a pet peeve of mine that craft beer venues do not hire people who know what the heck it is they're serving.\n\nThis is the biggest problem I have with Brixx.
Varsity!\n\nThe best education you can get for your money if you're an in-state student.
Moreover the does not work when the app is closed.
So, my question is, why in the heck does this 'work'?
Great atmosphere, great food and great service!
This Restoration Hardware is a cool retro furniture/home decor with the poor luck of being in the wrong location.
I work on the North Shore and have heard many coworkers rave about Max's.
The tartar sauce is able to do what it's really meant to do: complement an already-excellent fish dish\n\nSo, what else can I say?
Internet Explorer 8 producing strange CSS bug on :hover I'm working on website development, styling a breadcrumb trail with CSS at the moment.
Use to get size of string If you're on iOS7 use instead ( is deprecated on iOS7)
And she certainly ate her worth of $3.00 salad bar and more.
On LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE integer required error I have a data file containing data in following format I have a table in mysql which is has an int and the rest of the columns as in data file.
A's declaration contains a function which uses a std::vector in its signature like: (EXPORT is the usual macro to put in place _ declspec(dllexport)/ _declspec(dllimport) accordingly.) Reading about the issues related to using STL classes in a DLL interface, I gather in summary: Using std::vector in a DLL interface would require all the clients of that DLL to be compiled with the same version of the same compiler because STL containers are not binary compatible.
I was not uncomfortable at all, I felt well taken care of.
If I set I can see the logs, and I know it gets to the else (when I have ) because I tried adding a log in it.
will make the browser request a new page(here is your max_channel), and current context will be lost.
The establishment is full of great books, probably the biggest selection that I have seen since being a student at Appalachian State University.
I'm actually a co-op owner, because I strongly believe in what this place is contributing to the community.
Additional features you can enable in an IME associated with an editor to improve the integration with your application.
The portion was good, it was enough to fill us both up.
When I query the ALL_SOURCE view I get the package declarations, but not the package body.
This gets all the products and their respective tags, including products without tags.
Let me know how it is if you get to it first!
Is there a specific framework I could research to determine how to active this goal?
Only downside, some of the people behind the counter have huge attitudes.
If I'm not mistaken, scikit.audiolab is merely for reading/writing audio files but I think in addition you'll want to look at the signal processing libraries in scipy to actually build your feature vectors.
It's something like 24 wings for 8 bucks which is not a bad deal.
I go through the drive thru most mornings for coffee and will eat lunch there from time to time.
To install CDH4 with MRv1, see here .
facebook android sdk -user email returns null I am having the following code that signin the user to facebook through my app.
I told the girl what I was looking for and she pointed me in the right direction and what do you know, they had a big selection on sale marked 30 to 50% off so yeah, that was where I was looking.
Nice relaxing patio right by the lake.
While it's not a sports bar per se, it's a great place to watch a game...
However, I'm still struggling with that.
Good, but not as good as East, if you ask me.
My fianc\u00e9 and I had the specials going on for that night and they were both very delicious and more than enough.
The steaks are so tender & juicy there is no substitute for that beef.
See the links below for details: (older)
The fries were extremely fresh, had a lot of substance to them, and were satisfyingly crispy.
I love coffee and any place that serves it.
your tag should be before the tag if you really want to execute it only when you press the button then you should consider using ajax or to use a
If the data is valid and expected, use the ClientScriptManager.RegisterForEventValidation method in order to register the postback or callback data for validation.
How can I convert a data table in C# to data.fame in R using R.net I need to convert a data table which I have defined as follows to a data frame in R.
Of course, I can't resist stopping by the snack / candy counter & getting the blackberry / raspberry candy.
It was a pretty good and quick job for a ten dollar bill!\nWe'll be back, that's for sure.
Can anybody tell me how to take snapshot of such large Component?
The small staff is part of the reason this place is so cheap, so cut them a break.
I really like this location, as it's near the SubStation and Crisp, which are awesome places for lunch.
Authentication is currently done with ldap.
The Filets you can always cut with a fork.
If you don't have a QA team, then you're going to have to do both QA and development -- two jobs is more work, but that's the price you pay for quashing bugs.
The burger was tasty as well, but it was extremely under cooked.
Please try use your action in
You can make use of the for aligning the element in the .
In oracle, you can use to achieve the same result, no need to use nested query Preparation Query: Output:
Pretty old, but since I love indie movies, it's all I have :(
To get some particular number from range, you can use this solution .
There was a chicken and egg salad sandwich and a mushroom and cream cheese on a crisp baguette.
So if you want to access , then use instead.
The quality of the ingredients is top-notch (my tuna tar tare tasted very fresh).
I have to say overall I liked it- but with a few caveats.\n\nParking stinks.
We had a party of 9 and were happy to have made a reservation in advance.
It seems weird to have them in /assets/ because we don’t actually want to serve them to users.
This burger is the biggest thing I have ever eaten in one sitting!
It's great because my dad could get his white rice and steak while I can get sushi and eel and whatever else I feel like trying at the time.
I have tried various options with grep and sed but it does not help.
Categorical and ordinal feature data representation in regression analysis?
I can't say I'm a huge fan of the lunch/dinner items (maybe I just haven't found the right items yet), but the breakfast fare is great!
Regardless, it was delicious and perfectly cooked.
From there, take the elevator (only one and kind of small) up to the 2nd or 3rd floor, where the actual galleries are.\n\nSome advice: Try not to go during one of the quarterly Gallery Crawls because there'll be a looong line for the elevator to get in.
It was also an Oktoberfest special, so bf got the Dunkel brew to drink.
She is honest and never trys to sell you a bunch a stuff that you dont need.
For your group, you can change them to use MSTest framework.
I had the Chicken Chop Suey and she had Sweet & Sour Chicken.
I've tried but that just gives me: Generic example: Whereas I'd like to be able to retrieve .
Use: and follow instructions to install it.
I have tried these ideas: My code is currently this: I left the comments in so you can tell what I have tried.
There's nothing outlandish on the menu.
Wonderful food, great veggie options for my friend!
Very clean space, kind of tight to maneuver in there but nothing un-manageable.
You then have an antipasti buffet which has a staff member who stands there making sure everything is kept fresh, and to answer any questions.
you have all the information you need to base future bids upon (esp.
He had me at \""bacon trough\"".\n\nNice patio seating and friendly service!
Your Sinatra application is a subclass of , so using a class variable in this situation seems appropriate.
Trying to figure out what this line of code means This code is from a program I use to enter and track information.
\n\nwhen dessert came time we went for the yin yang chocolate.
For food choices, the airport offers a nice mix of local food (at least I assume the barbecue joints are local) and the standard airport staples.
But since I went to this one and liked it, 5 stars.\n\nWe stopped here on a road trip and was happy to see it open before 10.
How does HttpsURLConnection know that this connection has already been initiated and handshake procedures have already been completed?
This is always a pretty reliable place for decent pub grub and a beer.
I'm wonder what the best solution is.
However, some of the bundles require some time after startup to be ready, for example, because they have to acquire data from somewhere.
Looking at the README and the minimal documentation on this, I am curious.
My XAML: Image A: Image B:
There was also a continuous flow of coffee, which is always nice.
Complimentary cornbread at the beginning of the meal was plain and delicious, and the collards weren't that overly cooked mushy that I can't stand.
Using private frameworks for QT in xcode 4.3 The Mac QT Installer puts its shared libraries under .
But that's the price you pay for staying in the city I guess.
The brakes on my Honda fit were making a frightful sound.
there are times when I beg my husband to take me to applebee's because I want their stake; I eat stakes everywhere, even the Japanese Steak Houses where they only make steaks weren't like Applebee's :)\n\nthe only No at this place was, I oredered pine apple juice and it was so old that it smelled and tasted and kind of even looked like Mold;\n\nbut other than that I love theirr Stakes :)
Then loop through the sentence until I reach a ' ' character.
my map directive: }]); my marker directive:
For any future Googlers, here's the code used to connect to the API and create a object, which can be used for getting messages, etc.
From MSDN ( DataSource ): The DataGridView class supports the standard Windows Forms data-binding model.
99% chance, this HAS to be a bug in V8.
What works till now What the working method is for now: In my opinion it is a ugly solution so if somebody knows a better one!!
You need to create different layout directory for different density devices.
For one element: For more elements: If you want to use something else it would be best to stick to some standard implementations widely used.
Maybe they can marinate the shrimp with the broth instead of just dropping them in?Also, the bread pudding was just okay.
Ideally, this should work for both MPICH and Open MPI .
It's a nice reprieve to be able to sit down in a comfy chair and watch some TV while your clothes are washing or drying.
The cod dish I had was delicious--not overcooked, breaded, too oily or too salty!
But i can't find nothing about MVC5 :(.
The outside seating area was buzzing even in the chilly fall weather.
The mozzarella was nice and big.
Can anybody see why based on the above call and the html below?
If you send us a workbook the size of the workbook is counted against your quota.
Every time I search for an answer to this, I find something like So how do I do that automatically?
I've got a golden twinkle in my eye.
The system I mean is the one where anything you want to reference has to be prototyped or defined either above your current line or in a referenced header, not sure if this has a name.
The generated plan has to work in both cases when is null and when is not null.
Right now I'm just using a naive check for the existence of the default install path 'C:\Cygwin'.
Now he has me using bosu balls and other nifty toys to make different exercises more difficult without piling up a whole lot of weight (weak shoulders).\n\nOverall, I love XShadyside.
My Database table and the output I need like below, What I have tried so far is Which retrieves the team count and the number of matches to be played.
Try the following updated code: An alternative would be to wait for events generated by your joystick (such as ) by using the function for instance: Hope this helps a little bit :)
You must have a lot of lines.
The custard at Michael's is pretty much perfect and the root beer is SO good.
That article " Little bit about encoding " should help you with your problem.
And what if there is a power cut?
The dishes were creative and well presented.
I tried adding to the anchors as explained at but apparently this only works if all images are in the same div (id)!?
It was served on top of a diced butternut squash with ginger brown butter.
The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!.
We used to come here after going to Pirates games since its right up the road.
Microsoft provides tracking of 20 body parts and does not include the fingers of the hand.
He recommended the best bulk rice (basmati) and the best bulk lentils (green) for the dish and now I just want to stop in casually to ask him how his weightlifting is going!\n\nThe sliced almonds I bought at Salem's in North Oakland had bugs in them; The ones I bought here did not.
The android documentation states that: xmlns:android I erased that line in my manifest, saved in eclipse, pasted the line back in and saved again, and it worked.
They throw a jumbo shrimp in it which is awesome.
Basically, there are many application users and I'd like to show a summary of their most viewed items/pages.
Vegetable fried rice includes big pieces of fresh red pepper, yellow squash, and asparagus.
I had the pumpkin ravioli and the house salad.
Return a javascript variable back to javascript Is there any way to pass a javascript varialbe during process_request in trac 0.11?
Ingredients, I must add, which were all well cooked and seasoned and mixed together in the right varieties, resulting in a well-balanced and flavorful meal.
In the first point, I was expecting a call to when starting the activity again.
It's the hopping place for the area!
Wayyy better than the 5 guys at epicenter, and their fries are pretty good too.\n\nThe bad reviews seem to be out of date, this place has new ownership and is pretty damn good.
It's like cloning windows os and installing same state os to other, but only a selected apps in my scenario.
My html for directive Attaching an image also for IE and Chrome/FF output Above image is a comparison between IE and FF
The waitress was very polite and attentive.
Folder 1>Folder 2>File.jpg needs to be renamed to Folder_1_Folder_2_File.jpg I was able to find a script that somewhat does it, and have been trying to reverse engineer it, but am not having any luck.
Unfortunately it's home to a most unreliable airline.
Went my first time for Thursday karaoke and had a blast!
However, the waitress we had on Sunday morning for breakfast was slow, and was never around when we needed her (although I could see her chatting with the bus boy)!
For most of these games, server side scripting is out of the question.
What the hell, i was standing there holding it on the bar, i wasn't even looking at you i was watching tv.
But every time I upload a file i need to allow and copy the authentication to my application..
Meteor deploy on Heroku Error deploying Node I built a Meteor app, and it runs on my local machine, where I have meteor installed.
You need a basic understanding of regular expressions, but it shouldn't be too hard.
Normally, business closes at 3 pm, but in order to get the job done, they kept working on it and made sure everything works right until 4 pm.
I suggest you also to try this url from google see my answer: .
After removing the $to variable from "mail()" and replacing it with a static string ('myemail@myemail.com') I did get a properly formatted email.
This works (however indexes are created): This doesn't:
This probably seems a bit odd, so let me explain to you how this works...
Before insert: loading is a put it inside your XML where you have the : by this: i created a picture that rotate.
Is this a bug in Laravel or is there something wrong with my schema code?
The bbq and honey bbq are what you'd expect.
However, this service does not provide business/resident names, so you will have to use a third-party service to get that information.
And if so why is the JavaFX scripting so important?
Frugal's is the best location to buy beer, wine and liquor or spirits in the same place if you live in Charlotte.
We had a couple of rolls and they were good.
\n\nI guess one reason I like this place is they don't hide how bad the food is for you.
I believe there is even a default project template to do so.
You are trying to call it as a c function but it is declared as a class method.
(this is an exact paste into the below quotes) " バスにのって、うみへ行きました" and obviously i need, it without that white space and breaks or whatever it is.
Still the best place for a steak under $25 anywhere.
They had a few diner's in there and a few people picking up to-go orders in this small little place in a not so great spot.
We both ordered the soup of the day, a pumpkin bisque, my wife just ordered their Zhino side salad as her entree, and I chose a lamb burger (not Elysian Fields lamb, I asked).
Ribbon button should be hidden based on lead status - CRM 2011 I have custom button in lead ribbon.
Using it here, you can do something like this:
She actually gets excited when we drive in the direction of the clinic and literally drags me in the door when we arrive because she is so excited to visit herCaring Hands friends.\n\nI can't say enough wonderful things about this clinic.
Watching this in firebug it seems to be rearranging the content as I hoped but it's not working so within the browser (getting some very odd results - jumping to the 3rd when the second should be visible etc).
I rocked back and forth on my heels a few times before sheepishly asking if he could tell me how to change the tire once I returned home.
How to create an archive list in php?
(Note: I have had to use this technique for a system supporting thousands of queries per second and would hit deadlocks quite rarely)
My girlfriend and I just had great experience with Travis at fu's.
Edit Again: Some how you guys are misunderstanding my question.
but seems to work without assigning anything to the default axis...
Under , find and select your class that will run it (the one with method).
Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in this list, or -1 if this list does not contain the element.
My plan was to head home, take the meal out of the container, lay it all out on a nice plate and leisurely make my way through the chicken, mac and cheese and cabbage.
Great pho and fresh spring rolls!
I usually don't stray away from my personal favorite everything bagel with an odd combination of two cream cheeses.The light garden veggie and lox cream cheese are both delish.
Not the best solution, but it beats converting from one language to another.
Murmurs of conversations discussing everything and nothing all at once.
One goal of my main controller is to prevent users from going to urls of other users.
Love the staple Indian dish, chicken tikka masala.
Scala cannot access object classes I'm obviously missing something fundamental here.
I asked for two wheel front end alignment and for them to straighten my steering wheel a little as it was cocked slightly to the left.
New in iOS 9, ( doc link ) has a class method to check if your app is authorized for Motion &amp; Fitness: Switft Objective-c
However, when a local friend suggested we meet here he insisted Harris Grill's brunch was legit.
If you're expecting something amazing for dinner here then you're definitely here for the wrong reason.
If so, in your extension project pom file, recheck maven-bundle-plugin configurations.
Firebird offers excellent concurrency, high performance, powerful language support for stored procedures and triggers.
Thanks to all and I hope this helps anyone in the future.
There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!!
It doesn't seem to be automatically putting 3rd party JARs I add to my library on my build path into the WEB-INF/lib folder.
\n\nI can't wait to go back and get that dish again!
very well appointed with antique furniture, it had a separate sitting room with its own couch, and the views were of the thick stand of trees to the east and south of the house.\n\nI also really liked the enclosure of live australian finches downstairs.
HOUSE MADE pasta, you can't go wrong.
\nI would imagine this place would be hopping after work!
No computers, no expensive hair products they're trying to hawk, just a man doing his craft.
Flex 4.6 projects can still be built and deployed; they just don't have the latest SDK changes.
\n\nIf you're on the Waterfront, you won't do better than this.
It is true that they were better before the change in ownership but they are still pretty decent.
The staff is super friendly and really put me at ease (I can be shy and dread too-chatty stylists) and I was always satisfied with the result.
The second plate had fresh fruit and two scones- citrus and vanilla cream.
Sometimes, just sometimes, the Copy &amp; paste fails.
Honestly though, if I were reviewing the dinner experiences, it would be a solid 3 and I expect more from a place like this than A-OK.\n\nOn to lunch...
Don't worry after an hour and 2 calls to the airport police the nice folks helped me load my bags on the shuttle I should have taken an hour ago.
Next door to the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
(And theyre not eternally grumpy like the owners at Rainbow).
As I recall, they generate a salted hash so that the plain text values are never stored anywhere, but rather the hash and salt are.
\n\nLoving the availability of different food selections...
and I was grateful!\n\nI went with about 8 people and we BYOB'ed which was a fantastic idea.
First, the constructor should construct the object, set everything in it.
However, if you're in a hurry, and expect to use the drive-thru and get out, go elsewhere.
In the header section when there is no data in Details section supress page header.Below is the formula used.
It's a diamond in the rough type place.
What I am getting is either 0 or 1, depending on whether they have at least one cancelled or active subscription.
The epicenter along with many other places are close by.
Obviously the pages are stacking in the URL, but I'm not sure why.
Your code is a beginning, but doesn't fill all values.
They do not do this at the South Hills location.
I brought the suit here (thanks for many positive reviews from Yelp) to have it fit me better.
This branch of the credit union isn't really all the convenient for me on most days, but there are times that I'm out and about when I'll stop in.
If I remove param session will reset after reloading page.
My supply is quite depleted, and I need more.
This was my third visit there and, like each time before, everything was superb.
I love the atmosphere and the waitresses are usually on point and keep our water glasses full which is my biggest pet peeve.
I am using to watch a directory on an Oracle Linux server.
May seem a little sketchy inside, but you are fine.
Clean and quiet rooms, friendly staff (tho I really got the impression that all Pittsburghians are just naturally super friendly..
You don't think you need to apply float on the 's.
It's cheaper than gas and parking.
There is no reason to use a global variable, you can declare the variable in the main() then give a reference to that variable to the functions that use it
It had chocolate ice cream, caramel and chocolate sauce & pecans.
OR is there any better method ?
Start by selecting a date in the datepicker.
I've stopped by Mama Ricotta's many a time and, frankly, it's always been at least a good if not great meal.
IBM's xlC++ compiler has a basic C++11 feature support page .
Here's a full example for files of the general format (etc.)
BUT he had an incredible time.
It works like a charm, one important thing to be careful about is the incompatibilities between the 3.x and newer versions.
They specialize in cheap beer and great food.
The staff was very attentive and detail oriented.
I strongly recommend you always import modules -- not specific names from inside a module.
The lyonnaise potatoes are also something to marvel at.
I have created command as DebitAccount and handler as IDebitAccountHandler.
My VBA code is aborting unexpectedly upon exiting a 'While' loop.
It was my first visit, too, and I enjoyed the exhibits and seeing a cultural part of the city that I hadn't seen before.
I was traveling for business so I hardly had any down-time at the hotel...
AFAIK, it is not possible to have Sonar use the Checkstyle definitions from the repository.
We stayed here for pleasure, not business and it was great.
In javascript you can set breakpoints using the statement.
The next course, was a course of action to pay and get out before i ordered more food!
Valid Date Checks in Oracle I have a date value (either valid date or invalid date) store in varchar format.
Add php variable to ajax call I have a form on page 1 and I want to parse its variables to ajax call on page 2 .
cannot Imports System.Web.Script.Serializer when I try to append this line to the code: it showing me error like this: Namespace or type specified in the Imports 'System.Web.Script.Serializer' doesn't contain any public member or cannot be found.
The service was very good last time, today it was even better.
The caramels were coated in dark chocolate and did have a really interesting, herbal quality from the lavender.
One of our favorite places in Champaign.
They have a nice selection of bulk/house blend pipe tobaccos and a respectable offering of tinned pipe tobaccos.
Change color of blank lines - Netbeans I'm getting a weird coloration with my theme in Netbeans and don't know what is the parameter that can set that.
Really, 90% of the time I'd rather starve than eat the stale baked goods.
In by 11am, done by 5pm.
You have to edit your .csproj file and in the Debug PropertyGroup you'll have to add the following: I have the following on Release and ReleaseCERT Configurations in my Project.csproj (I've only added the AutoParameterizationWebConfigConnectionStrings line):
One PC is probably not going to cut it.
I brought them both in well in advance, so I know she ther more pressing pieces.
It was busy at the time I showed, one weekday afternoon.
Everyone was super friendly and happy to explain anything on the menu or make recommendations.
The baristas were very friendly and my hot chocolate was great!
I have setup a counter in a m-file but for some reason it does not update.
In Haskell, this is naturally modelled as taking an input list, and returning a pair of the value and the remaining input - i.e.
If you're a coffee drinker, this is the spot for you.
But I want Thai food NOWWWWW (feeling very Veruca Salt that day).
I have never understood why I had to pay more for the same exact meal at 6:00pm in so many other Chinese places.
\nThis was one of the evenings when the daytime temperature was over 100 degrees and was still very hot after sundown; the restaurant was boiling hot.
The answer of Eike pointed me in the right direction, therefore +1 for his answer, but I had to use cURL instead of fopen().
The front desk was very friendly (Lindsay at the front desk has been particularly friendly and helpful) at check-in and the restaurant staff were also very nice.
Note : can NOT be changed outside php.ini.
I would like to be able to define the column names ahead of time as one of the parameters of the function.
It is very popular in the OF world, and it can be read by a bunch of similar software and frameworks (processing.org, PureData, VVVV, Max/MSP, etc) Here you have some different chooses for OSC implementation via UDP:
It's crusted with sesame seeds and comes with rice, BBQ sauce, Kim chee, and pickled vegetable.
They just do what you need and that's all.
I like how they confirm your order and they pay special attention to any modifications that you've made to your order.
No point in using a different format if there is no specific reason.
Jquery User input into JSON I have a complex form that the user has some selections to make and also a few textareas to fill in with info.
cursor.fetchmany vs DECLARE BINARY CURSOR and FETCH I am not sure which is the most effective or the disadvantages/advantages of each approach or whether they are technically the same thing ?
The red potatoes came with a cup of melted butter for dipping.
They all have primary keys of int for reporting purposes so int makes more sense?
For example: Assume I have a class with a variable If I do the following in a method of that class Will root also be deleted or only the pointer current?
About a month later it has subsided, but its normal for up to 3 months.\n\nThe result?
The first one to catch my eye was two turtle doves.
In your calls, use the flags , not only.
AWESOME fish fry on Friday night.
Recently our party of three each had a different entree, one that the host suggested after learning we were newby's.
It looks like it is just a single object being returned rather than an array so you should be able to access the id property using data.id , no need to specify an array index.
If you want your file to be displayed as-is, set the parameter on your flask object before returning it:
SitLocInt is an abbreviation for SiteLocationInterest.
The ffmpeg version is I also tried the command lines posted on the linked question This line produced the video and JavaFX didn't have any errors This line also produced the video, but JavaFX had an error: "Caused by: MediaException: MEDIA_UNSUPPORTED : Unrecognized file signature!" I also tried this two pass encoding I believe.
As a result, they "clump" together in the middle.
The only reasonable use case I can imagine is restricting the number of cores depending on the end-user license agreement.
The atmosphere is unique and whimsical with old pictures, toys, menus, college pennants, etc.\n\nTheir meatballs are unbelievably YUM.
If you lock the bathroom door with just the measly doorknob lock, SOMEONE WILL WALK IN ON YOU!!
Given that, there are is one main problem I can see that will be breaking your site: and other new HTML5 elements are not supported as standard by IE8 or earlier.
ListView also made a call to find the original index of the selected element There are two static ArrayList located in the main activity.
Connect netbeans with vagrant I have a project cloned from github repository on my vagrant machine.
You can use the "setExtendedAccessToken" method, how the luschn said in his answer.
Because I was calling the DB queries from Asterisk, I was using a file called res_odbc.ini too.
Memcache - How to prevent frequent cache rebuilds?
My boyfriend and I love it.
One of the best chicken recipes I've had.
I've had them twice in State College and once here.
Use the focus or scroll to methods.
XSL-FO : An XML vocabulary for specifying formatting.
What I want to be able to do now is sort the objects in ascending order.
The rates are reasonable ($60 - She's a mid-sized Black Lab/Border Collie Mix), and they think of everything.
\n\nCLT is really a pretty cool airport, moving sidewalks a large food court, some nice Art and even a statue of the Queen outside, Charlotte is known as the Queen City.
Methods C) and D) put most of load on the end user's browser, which seems like it could really take a load off the server, but then obviously won't work if the user has JS turned off.
The only thing i can say about he Saucer is that they are on top of it.
The only particular call is to , that just does some SMP magic.
The owner is the head chef, And will come to recognize you if you are a repeat customer.
#1 - faux meat on a menu is a huge plus for me, I just love it, and I don't care to hear comments like \""if you are a vegetarian, why would you eat something that is meant to taste and look like meat?\"" Shut up.
No, it is not a good practice for large applications, especially not if your static variables are mutable, as they are then effectively global variables, a code smell which Object Oriented Programming was supposed to "solve".
They have everything from BBQ, Chili's, Burger King, etc.
I have used to pause the thread is: How i can resume the thread?
PHP Form With Conditional Fields I am trying to create a PHP form to insert records into a database where the record has conditional start and end dates.
Other than that, and the rough handling of feet during the pedicure, all my experiences here have been top notch.
\n\nThe overall experience was excellent and the price is extremely reasonable.
Nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations.
iPhone SDK Objective-C __DATE__ (compile date) can't be converted to an NSDate Ok, I give up.
Yes ; here is the code :
The Dor-Stop restaurant has an enchanting, old fashioned look inside and out that effectively conveys its main appeal: good simple cooking at reasonable prices.
Or play with different layout under (same icon)
Gorgeous- immaculate historic estate- very spacious stay in the Mt Vernon room.
I understand that I would also have to have a dynamic create table statement, so another solution might be to count the number of inputs.
One of the most eclectic venues in Pittsburgh.
I had the same feature in Aix and Linux implementations.
When I went to grad school in Chambana, Seabpat was an excellent stop for fried fish.
I dont want to use and also I don't want to take difference of the two columns and check if its zero.
This is possible if the fonts used have glyphs named according to Adobe's Glyph Naming Convention or Adobe Glyph List Specification - but many fonts, including the standard Windows fonts, don't follow this naming convention.
But I want to inflate this layout before onCreateView loads.
Of course you could write a stored procedure to do something better, but really it seems like overkill for this simple scenario.
It's been deprecated for a while now.
It wont show the selected value till the time it completes its size , which according to your code is 1480.
The following code demonstrates how I used the ObjectMaterialized event to solve my problem in which one of my preferences was to have a central point to place the WCF client access logic.
Our plan was to take our time and indulge in everything.
You're best off creating a new timer.
Highcharts thinks all dates are 1970-01-01, despite them being valid epoch times I'm working with this simple chart: My dates are in the format: , which translates correctly to .
We were super hungry, so we literally stepped into the first place that served food once we got out of the car.
I took the liberty to rewrite your code, without the chmod stuff (which I don't think is necessary) As you can see I've used File.open(path) and passed a block.
The only thing I ever really got there was the baked mostaccioli, and it was soooo delicious and so so so so cheap ($5.95 for a full, which is definitely more worth it than the half for a dollar cheaper or so) and they give you such a big portion that it lasts you days and days and it still tastes so good when you microwave it up!!
Is Passing a Parameter to a method the same as creating an object?
\n\nThis store has tons of choices.
\nThe only downside: the inevitable disrespectful patrons.
They don't play those games here, even though this is the 2nd largest art institute in IL outside of the Chicago Art Institute.
I want to left outer join the tags to the product, and return all products with tags optional.
\n\nI utilized the fitness center early every morning (which was no small task, as it was hard to climb out of bed, as the bed/pilows, were so comfortable!).
I'm used to going to a private practice in Columbus, Ohio for my glasses needs.
this should not be in a migration since they do not change the schema.
the items that are not in both files.
However, what you want it to operate on is the secret class I hope this helps!
My niece selected Buca for her birthday meal, so we were happy to take her.
On a super cold day when it was already dark & snowing, Matt completed my rental agreement, put on his coat, went outside to get my car & then drove it around so that I just had to hop in.
But is there any quick way for it?
I loved the salad dressing--it's light and delicious and the pumpkin ravioli was excellent as well.
I've been poking around with c# since I've done a good amount of java programming and it seems like they are pretty similar, but if it's easier in vb or something else I'm not opposed to that.
Is SMS data 8 bits until transmitted?
We had just driven about 6 hours from Jersey to Pittsburgh, we got in kind of late and hungry, and decided to get something to eat here because it was so close to our hotel (and I did not want to get back in the car and drive somewhere.) \n\nThey had a good drink special (a couple of dollars for a margarita), and we got sandwiches and burgers.
I had an amazing lobster risotto, A had the osso bucco, and his mom tried the pasta trio, which was divine.
Some UART peripherals require you to clear the interrupt or the interrupt will continue to cycle.
A few years ago the rooms were rundown but since they have renovated and the rooms couldn't be better.
With having four weddings in a few months I decided it was time to get some new suits.
Here's the Dialog code: And the code of the controller, is a trivial create function: So, below is the code of my solution.
Yes, I've had several pasta dishes.
I went here for my birthday and it was a very lovely dinner.
You can add and remove dependencies for an operation using the addDependency: and removeDependency: methods.
Oh, and be sure to start with the warm cornbread and honey butter!
The concierge gave us free covers into the local bars at the epicentre so be sure to ask.
Other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well.
Alternately, how can I force Windows to only return the exact font requested?
Darren brought me here, and as a Indian food n00b, I was impressed with everything included in the economical Dinner for Two which gets a diner nan, a meat dish, a veggie dish, dal, a dessert, and tea.
If you want fast good friendly service in a diner atmosphere, this is your place.
They obviously were not fresh either.
Edit: This wasn't really the question I wanted to ask, which is <a href="
is having an object with the infowindows that you have opened i have two objects, infos have all the infowindows created and markers contains all markers with they infowindows so i just execute this functions that loop the infowindow object and close all the infowindows
They looked stunningly good, but we both left that for another day.
Grooveshark is an online music streaming service with search engine and recommendation application.
What I got now is view (type1) is working correctly, but after switching to view type2, the expandable column is still at oCol1 instead of oCol2.
For that very reason, I love this place.
It would make sense to me if I had file2.cpp included in file1.h, but I don't.
It doesn't cover isometric projections, but you'll still need to know the basics of cocos2d.
And don't worry, you don't have to be an alum, just a fan.
ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my \""Black Forest\"" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them.
The best bbq in the world, I'm pretty sure.
When the line makes no sense because that query does not return a ResultSet, and has no way of knowing what values correspond to the parameter placeholders ( ).
Delicious-- try the spicy basil noodles.
The only complaint is too much food.
Your question specifically had a begins-with check, but ensure that you don't miss out on .
What I want to return to the user is 'Validate your stuff' as opposed to the complete stack trace.
I was in town for two days and our hotel recommended this place, calling it \""updated Southern.\"" We were a little disappointed when we walked in, because it looked corporate and impersonal - everything that we didn't want.
Use : Here is the complete transformation: When this transformation is applied on the provided XML document: the wanted, correct result is produced: Explanation : Proper use of the double negation law.
Can this be done with ng-model, will I need to use functions, or is there an even simpler way to do this?
But since no testing has been done then it really is not internationalized fully yet ...
Lego mindstorms allows you to combine machine learning and computer vision.
However: If you are passing around and expecting users of your class to downcast to the correct type, this is almost always an indication of bad design in .
How to add attachments to mailto in c#?
I asked a couple questions and got short one or two word replies.
I dont know data only show when click to this datagridviewCell .
We got great manis and pedis here today!
The pasta trio last night was slightly disappointing.
The host was a chipper fellow who whisked our coats away and took us to our cozy nook on the second tier in full view of the slate waterfall cascading down the full length of the 3 story restaurant.
However, generally, there's no way to make it faster since its speed depends on all previous draw commands having finished before the transfer can even start, and the data being transferred over the PCIe bus (which has a fixed time overhead plus a finite bandwidth).
haha I thanked her and she said it happens all the time.
The above just sets a flag ( for found) when it finds a line containing , for example, and clears it when it finds the next line containing a .
They have a great selection which includes an entire bookcase of my personal favorite genre, Southern Fiction.
I found myself in the Pittsburgh area this Christmas season on a quest for an ornament to exemplify our trip and mark the year.
python - minimax algorithm for tic tac toe updating the board by filling every empty space with the same symbol I have been trying to improve my understanding of python by programming small games, such as tic tac toe.
Does not show/retrieve PFObjects that were created by another Parse Installation user I've been working on an app for months, and in the development stage it was having no problem retrieving info from the Parse backend.
If I wasn't on the clock I would jump on the 99cent draft special.
What you want to do (at least from what I read here and on the Django documentation site) is create a custom storage system.
Mi Cocina probably won't ever be held up as a paragon of the style, but it has always been reliable and enjoyable and for that I'll keep coming back.
All the staff was friendly too.
I rounded up a 3.5 trip due to the great staff and eclectic atmosphere.
I'm asking for help in know-how of best ways (if there is any..) to avoid this.
There is an immense selection of beers.
This ratio will be 0 for a line and 1 for a circle.
If the finder is installed on sys.meta_path , it will receive a second argument, which is None for a top-level module, or for submodules or subpackages [5] .
If can't be installed, the 1d solution in can be used with the same nested comprehension ( can be used to iterate over the row and column combinations, but the result is a 1d list, which then needs to be grouped (but this step is fast): testing: In timings on a larger list, the 2 list operations take the same time.
After this, I had to wrap my html code in a object with .
The live music and singing were very soft and relaxing.
They don't have the cool massage chairs and they put you in a weird little intimate back room, HOWEVER I would totally give that up for a beautiful pedicure that lasts this long.
Consider this example: (4 points indicated by and 2 clusters indicated by ) Both the left and the right side have converged, but they're clearly different (the one on the right is clearly worse).
It had a great sandwich (crab) and the soup was pretty decent (cream of cauliflower).
To solve your own problem, it's probably better to build your own customized solution, like using in memory cache for hot records with the meta data in your database, along with some index mechanism to quickly locate the data you need for suggested search query calculation.
Please help me spot anything that might be causing that.
This collection is extensive and covers so many styles and periods, there is bound to be something that grabs you.
Another waiter recommended the ham for next time.
Everyone seemed to soak in the great amenities and take advantage of the opportunity of able leg room and overhead space!
Quoting from there Composer will use packagist.org to look where to get the libraries.
But do I really want to pay three times as much for something that will last forever?
Ultimately they honored the web price but I had to prove it to them.
The menu changes seasonally, mostly, some of the classics don't change thankfully.
Have you tried adding the tag on each CSS line in order to tell the element to override bootstrap?
Will definitely return soon and maybe be a little more assertive.
How can i check if, the link is pointed to correct location using Geb?
The roti tellur appetizer is amazing and a must to order if you have never had it.
In this case you are doing standard parsing so it is much better to do defensive programming instead of trying, throwing, catching, ...
Good lo mein, and more recently they've added Thai entrees.
The best was there were activities that left you with free \""souvenirs\"".
I'm hoping that more than a few others have already tried what I'm doing and can provide me with some ideas for what worked well and what didn't.
They are so thick, yet so fluffy at the same time!\n\nThe surprising news: they take credit cards (it gives off a \""cash only\"" vibe).\n\nThe opportunity area: syrup that does not come in an old-fashioned squeeze bottle!
Few burger joints get this right - So when they do, it's worth noting.
Big thanks to Reto Koradi, if anyone wants to leave an answer I will mark it as correct.
I love this airport for connecting flights.
Once everyone is gone, it's nice.
You cannot compare Pedro's to the other big Mexican food presence, Laredo's.
They gave me two mini, stale croissants.
If you want to catch memory allocation errors (which you probably should) then you'll have to make the call to new in the body of the constructor.
Great environment great location with easy parking and access to Downtown Pittsburgh.
For example on save use, datetime.datetime.utcnow() instead of datetime.datetime.now(), and in the view do something like:
Went here for an early Valentine's Dinner last night.
But how can client know that owner of is really a server and not some other entity that hijacked ( if that is the correct term ) the connection and sent its own certificate and public key to ?
KEYPRESS is focused on game input and supports any key as a modifier, among other features.
I always have the sampler plate and everything on it is top notch.
After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.
Oh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!
He was able to teach her all the basics and gave her a good foundation for her later training.
So, it seems to me that a bundle can have more subtle states than those managed by the OSGi container, and since they affect bundle interaction, there needs to be some handling.
2) The only time you MUST include the callback definition in the interface definition is if you want to hook up the callback using Interface Builder.
Very tasty and indeed not too heavy following my walkibg tour.
Using the newer version (also remember to specify how many digit after the you wish to display, this depends on how small is the floating number).
Apple users can download your .apk file, however they cannot run it.
How do i count the amount of occurrences of different letters from the user string.
There is even a little cafe so you don't have to leave if you get hungry.
If you don't have binlogs enabled, or cannot be sure at which point your backup snapshot was made trying to get the datadir running in another server is about your only option.
I think video will help full
I found an example using that as well as the other bit manipulation programs.
It was nice and toasty, melty, and delicious.
Consolidate multiple if statements in Ksh How can I consolidate the following if statements into a single line?
The food is never greasy, never oversauced and never overcooked.
Black cod with Miso: This fish was cooked perfectly and literally melted in the mouth.
Completely worth the stop if you are in the area.
if you really want to do this, you could use reflection: but as mentioned in the comments, you better use a map to hold attribute values:
The service is pretty good and took my order quickly as well as serve it promptly.
P.S.: There are probably more problems with this code, but let's focus on my present question.
I recall ticket prices for shows being any where for $9-$12.00.
I am debugging a runtime crash, with a stack trace that seems corrupted (see a related question from yesterday: ).
The girl behind the window was a sweetheart too.
Tuna was perfectly done and contained a good sized lunch portion.
I would like to do this on very large zipped files (of even whole genomes), but I do not know how to transform this script into a script that does everything line by line (because I want to count through whole columns I just do not see how to solve that).
How to mock a Wicket component I am trying to unittest a wicket panel with the help of WicketTester and Spock/Mockito.
I used a usercontrol to make a digital clock.
Try changing one of your href to and see if it works.
One might be tempted to return the directly as an , but that would be incorrect, because one could easily inspect the at runtime, determine it is a and cast it to such and mutate the contents.
put this theme in your manifest file in application Tag android:theme="@android:style/Theme.Black.NoTitleBar"
The following does not work , no matter what I try: Sharing the link on Facebook, and opening it from the Facebook App with Facebook's builtin browser on Android (on iOS this works fine).
I am displaying this in a div using jQuery (this text is being randomly generated).
I've had dinner here before and don't exactly remember feeling under-dressed...
She was the kind of server who, if you wanted her to, would stop at your table to chat for a few minutes, but if you'd rather she was unobtrusive and quick, she could do that too.
(I'm surprised what you have written even compiles, because you define twice, once empty , and once with members.) Again, if you want the programmer user to have access to the members of , its definition belongs in your header file (along with whatever those other macros are).
There's probably not a lot to say here because who's never really been to a WH, right?
How to open a assetportalbrowser in SharePoint 2010 How to use a assetportalbrowser in SharePoint 2010 to attach an existing document in another list?
\n\nMetcalfe's is pretty much Wisconsin's own version of Whole Foods.
The ajax call is triggered by on onload event.
\n\nThe best part about this location was the staff.
dispatch_after is persisting view controller in memory I have this code, which runs a block of code after a delay.
Like this: In the watch window, you can then access your desired object using , and the object with =="XXX" will be displayed.
sub special is their best offer.
Don't be fooled, Oyster House IS the best fried fish in town.
If you want to build up a site, first check whether there are any core functions for your usage or not.
To fix the first block issue: Value of type ' ' has no member 'items' To fix the second issue: Cannot convert return expression of type ' ' to return type ' '
i really, really like this place - not just because it's right by my house and it's NOT starbucks, but those things certainly don't hurt.\n\ni love that they have a drive-thru.
It has a large selection, good parking and the staff is knowledgeable and very friendly.
Good beer selection and a truly local atmosphere.
Stopped in for a quick bite to eat and I am happy I did.
These guys stand by their work.
The user-agent doesn't need to be a browser.
You have to use relative paths all over your app: won't work within static html code.
Bottom line: finally gets called always!
I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience.
The first time I went (after reading Yelp reviews) I was a little intimidated to head straight past the bar.
I've spent hours digging through everything, looking for something I'm missing.
Prepare to pay more than your typical diner, but you certainly won't be disappointed by the quality!
And, ask users to fill that form.
There's also X11, with an appropriate UI library like GTK.
Now the identity column contains values from 1 to 14 and from 19 to 25 (15 to 18 are missing).
I'm no beer connoisseur but apparently they have the best Guinness in Charlotte because of the short length of the line from the keg to the tap.
I can return a single set of options as follows, by reading the head of the "list_places" list.
and I would definitely venture out and explore the city a bit.
How can I achieve the same thing in CodeIgniter?
I had a slice of oreo deliciousness that rocked my world!
My favourite restaurant and bakery in pittsburgh
They replaced my rear brake pads and machined the rotors, along with treating my car brakes and replacing the middle seatbelt both due to recalls.
Several of my friends also ordered different flavors of hot cakes and suggested the oatmeal ones are really not to be missed as well.\n\nDespite the long wait and weird waitress, we all LOVED our breakfast and I was full for hours after.
You may want to try running the script after including the following line: By including the above line, abaqus imports all modules and will gain access to mdb object.
\n\nSecurity wait times are usually manageable, and with the new addition coming in June of a 5th security checkpoints, security should be a breeze.
This is the code that I have done so far..
I think their prices are pretty reasonable for overnight stay compared to some other joints in the area and have taken him there a few times since.
a password), use Note that these choices often overlap, because multiple storage models will fit the same app.
If you make it so is not unique, you can support infinite values Example WORD key (primary key) wordname language POS Example: MEANING key meaning unique constraint on both columns to stop duplicates Example: If you want order of the meaning values, you'll have to define a column to indicate the order somehow - IE:
Fun spot for studying I would imagine, but those days are behind me thank goodness.
For example you could take λ=0/(n-1), λ=1/(n-1), λ=2/(n-1), ...
Here while updating, I am only increasing the priority (for my implementation) and it is using MaxHeap, so I am doing bubbleUp.
Also why are you configuring so many beans?
My ideal solution would be to have all of these commands running in parallel and then to have the calculation triggered once all of the commands are completed.
Though i have tried about a dozen dishes and no complaint.
No one from the restaurant said anything to the parents.
Note, that this implementation-defined behaviour only applies to conversions, not to overflows in arbitrary expressions, so e.g.
They have every style covered, like \""Boot Camp\"" where they teach you the very basics of cooking (sauteeing, roasting, making sauces, stocks, butchering a chicken, basic knife skills, etc.), to French, Italian, Spanish, Thai, Mexican, Baking, Wines, etc.
Will nHibernate allow me to map the abstract ContentBase class as a collection on the Tag class?
For example, the one in Chicago is 4, mainly due to ambiance.
So I'm a lowkey snob when it comes to going to nice restaurants and though a lot of places charge an arm and a leg, are overrated, and are just not up to par with what I'm used to coming from Sf and La.
I mean, the toppings (I got the chihuahua with cheese and jalapenos) were fine, but I think I've microwaved dogs that tasted better than theirs.
For example: and the js: Then, you can retrieve the name of the image on the server side script, and append ".jpg" or whatever extension you are using.
Fiddle with format variable if you want something else.
I had a prepaid package that I wanted to drop off, and it was taken care of extremely quickly!
$80 compared to $125 for Marriott.
The shrimp was absolutely perfectly cooked.
It's my very simple client-server application.
I guess ancestor() filter does not help because those entities are modified in memory.
In what environment are you running ruby ?
Let's break down this recursive call: With , isn't , so we return .
You could not use it to google the answer.
Other XQuery implementations do support this query If you want to validate that your query (as corrected per discussion in comments) does in fact work with other XQuery implementations when entered exactly as given in the question, you can run it as follows (tested in BaseX): Oxygen XQuery needs some extra help Oxygen XML doesn't support serializing attributes, and consequently discards them from a result sequence when that sequence would otherwise be provided to the user.
root@artisla:~/Documents/Adilet/Programming/blog# gem install sqlite3 -- --with-sqlite3-dir=/opt/local Building native extensions with: '--with-sqlite3-dir=/opt/local' This could take a while...
if we have function f(n) = 3n^2-9n , lower order terms and costants can be ignored, we consider higher order terms ,because they play major role in growth of function.
So rather that your_file.js.haml it should be your_file.js.erb.
I wish everything I ate from here on out could be drizzled in that BBQ sauce.
@Saurabh Nanda: Similar to what you posted, you can also create a simple function to convert your varchar array to lowercase as follows: Note that I'm also trimming the tags of spaces.
Iphone(retina) :icon@2x.png Ipad(Non retina) :Icon-72.png IPad(Retina) :Icon-72@2x.png
Not everything on the menu is the best but they have a huge menu to choose from.
It works for most other keys (Numbers, Letters, Backspace, Some Symbols) so it's not the app itself.
They had Rip Roaring Rapids which was a little float going down a little river with water splashing everywhere.
From what I can tell it is not descending in to the recursive function as when it hit another 'tree' entry or outputting anything at the end.
Node no longer exists in ...
- Find all attributes in subtrees of elements.
Is there a way to force the serialisation to milliseconds to be consistent?
Krispy Kreme is a NC creation and to make a desert of this quality w/another southern institution, bourbon (Maker's Mark caramel bourbon) sauce, is genius!
AVOID Saturday nights if you don't want to get shot or stabbed!!
I decided on the potato and leek soup, which was incredibly creamy and delicious...
So, I thought why not run PHP server inside NodeJS server.
How should I do it ?
They also have the best wings in the burgh.
Can be overrun with UNCC students and other beer fanatics.
Note: Providing this answer to move the OP's comment to answer.
All of this, including delivery and multiple consultations was under $500!!!!!
The sausage plate and goat cheese appetizers are both fantastic as well as the complimentary pretzel rolls.
You can buy all of that stuff & choose how much you want of it.
If input numbers 2 and 4 have errors, when the form is submitted then focus will be moved to input number 2.
While some people might not think Park Road Books measures up to a huge chain like Border's, this shop is every bit as good in terms of books and customer service.
Bind event handler to "console.log" JavaScript event My script sends text to the console output from several places in Javascript (see examples), how do I bind an event handler function to the log function itself so that a function is executed each time the event is triggered?
My suggestion, if you are not using a MVVM, is to use Blend Sample data, is fast and quick.
The browser requests this URL , and the server internally rewrite the to , the browser has no clue that's happened.
Where did I go wrong in here:
Went here on father's day with my best friend and it was oddly not crowded at 11:30am on a Sunday.
Overall, a good time, I'd certainly go back.
Which is fine, I guess, but for $19?
With this however I get an infinite loop and I guess the reason for this is that the numbers in the ArrayList still remains in the original order after the numbers were swapped around and then the process just repeats itself.
That way, when I'm viewing which songs are in the album, I just set an NSPredicate to only show queries which include the hashes time-stamp.
You do not see the message from circle because circle is part of the group and thus, only one of the event "dragstart" can be recognized either on the group or the circle, when you try to move circle the event is recognized for the group as circle is part of the group.
Are you doing this on purpose?
The draft beer selection is good.
This place defines \""vintage clothing shop\"".
He grew up in an area with plenty of authentic Mexican food, and apparently they have the right kind of chairs here that mean they serve good, authentic food.
Try this: I suspect the following line will also cause you problems: becasue escapes the string to be XML safe, whereas you'll want to just print the string.
No french fries here as sides, which is an interesting decision, and makes the experience more unique.
They also has a small bakery selection.
See Active Record Callbacks However this is exactly the case, which other people call The best practice here would be just creating a form object, which creates the data in the order you need and remove the callbacks See ActiveModel Form Objects Btw you could also wrap the submit code into a transactions ensuring that either all records are created or in case of any errors nothing at all.
\n\nMy only gripe here has nothing to do with the staff, but the customers!
I had the Filet and was not super impressed with the meat, but the potato wedges were quite tasty.
There's Cuisine Malaya, all the way across downtown Charlotte.
The appetizer soup and salad are just the beginning - I tend to stay with basic hibachi shrimp and filet which are always wonderful .
the hotcakes were large, and too much for me to finish!
(or the openTK equivalent) does not exist in OpenGLES 2.0.
The class is a trait so you cloud override the method in your , to do so just copy the method and paste it in your making the modifications you need, something like this.
I might have to start going out a bit more often...
When Liz and I treat ourselves to breakfast and Jane's homemade strawberry jam, we are welcomed by our first names.
For simplicity, let's say events are named A,B,C,D and E.
I'll have to further see how to optimise this flow on older gen iOS devices, but it seems to work well in comparison to createCGImage.
\nAs for their menu, they do have specials that coincide with the season.
The relation is in this part of code So the problem I'm trying to solve is to move the relation link from the "myBadges" class to the "FriendRequest" class???
I have to do arithmetic with some ternary (base 3) numbers.
This would require that the browser download the large image over the network and then process it to reduce it in size.
I generally wouldn't come here for breakfast.
I came hoping that I'd find a mechanic that was honest and that wouldn't take advantage of me.
Answer from Symform: Thank you for contacting Symform support.
I had a specialty seasonal beverage that the barista recommended.
When we responded yes, he looked at his watch and said we has plenty of time, but he would assure our waiter new we had a hard stop at 7:45pm.\n\nWell, the service was impeccable and the food was very good.
\n\nYou enter the establishment and it takes you back to those old European bars in Amsterdam.
Thus, the first step is to remove that handler on the element.
The hotcakes are so different, some would even say magical.
Blink and you'll miss it.\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
I can never remember what that is but it has wide noodles.
Although it's called a diner, it's much larger than that.
You would be too if your company took over a million dollars of your pension away while upper management all took bonuses.
It actually isn't as spicy as I thought it'd be.
There was a time when I ate here twice a week.
If I need to enforce that on my application, is it reasonable to check for that when updating the training data?
\n\nPrestogeorge makes food...but there is only one table inside that could probably seat about 4 people comfortably.
She was extremely knowledgeable about the various kinds of cheese.
They were a little outdated and lacked the elegance of the rest of the facility.
Great deal for my Johnson & Wales student.
That's why you should always use instead of when instantiating.
I read here but did not find how to salve it?
I may get creamed by a bus the second I leave, but I will die happy.
Came here for drinks and appetizers while in Pittsburgh for the weekend.
We also got one of their delicious pies to go, and it was killer.
I don't think I am a picky person or hard to please so I couldn't understand why wasn't able to find 'the dress'.
They have a back area that is no smoking so you don't have to get a whiff of smoke in your face while enjoying the weather and eating.
Services can be started at boot and run without an active user login.
Save your money and park at the city garage right down the street which is about $5 or so per day.
When we arrived, we were warmly greeted by Jorge and Francesco, who would be making our food that evening.
You could just use wget's and options and remove the entire "if file exists" logic.
The guys that work during the work are so-so.
Hence allowing main method to return, would have lead to a false expectation with the developers.
I lived in Los Angeles for 8 years and was spoiled the sushi restaurants.
Although Barrington's is really expensive (face it) it is worth every penny.
It's just a little too nice.
so setting it to -2 will always force it to read from the start what is the configuration you are using, would be great if you could post some code
About your code you have to use or
Reset functions after ajax I have this javascript file: A big part of it is a toggle switch that works by sliding your finger or mouse on it.
Dr Gerson is really great also- funny guy (kind of gruff, but kind if you look beyond that).
Just some things to note: you are required to take the pet you adopt to the vet within one week of adoption and you get a 15% off coupon at this local pet store along with a bag of food, you also get a small bag of science diet from the shelter itself.
As luck would have it, our local Restaurant Week happened to coincide with the Capital Grille's Generous Pour event, so we each enjoyed glasses of four different red wines for just $25 each.
The coffee is excellent, much better than the *$ folks.\n\nIt's a very small location and I've found power outlets in the back near the bathrooms.\n\nWifi works great, coffee is great, tables are comfortable.
can i reach in my wallet to give you the cash, needless to say i said yeah your right and left without tipping.
You are inserting means adding one row,, but you want to update,, so use instead of
The stand out was the dessert Banana spring Roll with Coconut-Pineapple ice cream.
I just want an so that I can get stuff from the .
They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.
I can make it work with using but I'm curious as to why this is not allowed.
It's sort of like buying groceries on an empty stomach.
I've always had helpful, friendly people working whenever I've popped in to get something for our kitchen.\n\nGreat selection of items, and the staff always have great recommendations for me when I'm not quite sure of what I need.
I recommend the salmon cakes, greens, mac n cheese.
We drove across town from Lake Norman to Phillips Place searching for the best oysters in town and we found it here.
This is the best Chinese food we've had since leaving NYC 4 years ago and living in many cities since.
I have friends that as soon as they land in Pittsburgh they come straight to Vento's for the pizza!
well i finally took the advice of fellow yelpers and gave Thai Cuisine a shot last weekend.
By the time I had gotten my entree, we had been drinking a lot of wonderful red wine.
Staff was over the top helpful and always friendly.
I actually had to get it wrapped to take home.
You MUST try this place!\n\nThis is a proper setting for such an event, you almost feel like you need white gloves and a parasol!
You should try using VB6 or COBOL, then, as there is a lot of billing work out there for it.
Changing the path of chroot messes with other parts of dompdf itself.
But your particular case would say a bit more about what direction you should head.
Originally, DOS had a 'current director' for each drive, so if you write you change the current directory for the drive.
I was pleased.\n\nI will be back to Beto's and it is a great change of pace.
This is slowly becoming one of my fav take out Chinese places around.
A bit of a pisser for A LOT of people.
Totally underrated by the Yelpers!\n\nI freakin' LOVE Redfin Blues.
You get two, they're huge, warm, salty and soft - if you're on a date and you don't get this, don't expect a second date.
I've no whitespaces in the file nor anything -ed out as well.
(I'm not into masking the taste of burnt espresso with a mocha!) If a place can provide me with a cup of coffee that doesn't taste like it will give me an ulcer, I'll be a fan for life.
I would recommend calling ahead before you book to find out if any parties have been scheduled, if that kind of thing bothers you.
The lunch buffet on Saturday is great hangover food.
It is ok to pass few query string items via a link.
I enjoyed my experience with brownlee jewelers and the staff.
This is one of the best secrets of Pittsburgh.
Even during lunch time when there's almost no one there..
Socket programming: The Server Ok so I've been trying to teach myself some socket programming.
Joda-Time The Joda-Time 2.5 library offers the class to represent a span of time as a pair of specific moments in time along the timeline of the Universe.
\n\nActually, as I write this review I realize this may be my favorite coffee house ever.
We'll do it in 2011 and Super Bowl XLVI in indianapolis!
\n\nTip:\nTo avoid the weekday lunch rush, I recommend arriving no later than 11:30 a.m., or you'll stand in line to get in.
I love being able to walk away from noisy kids and go into another pool since i am a swimmer I like choices.
Great food great staff never again kings kithen!
coleslow and fries in your sandwich..
You'll have to make them in code instead of interface builder
Is there a default pool size without setting one?
I have only one thing to say...
I highly, highly recommend eating in the \""wine bar\"" out back - where the main restaurant is loud, bright, and crowded, the wine room is darker, more romantic, and closer to the bar.
I already know that's not possible to work with multiple primary keys in Symfony 1 and Doctrine 1, but do you guys know any good workarounds?
Note also that autoboxing already does the right thing, so will also use the constant pool.
You guess where the third tv is.
Overall most people are not as picky as I am, we tried, it was good with some problems, problems that should not have been there at their price point.\n\n3.5 stars
I would have enjoyed that too...
Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground.
\n\nThe food was very good...3 to 4 stars at least.
your other good options are NHibernate or Linq to SQL this class of frameworks is generally called Object Relational Mapper (ORM) I would say Entity Framework offers the most conveniences for beginners such as visually configuring your data model.
After you order, you continue down the aisle to the cash register - passing by chips, fountain soda, sweet tea, etc..
For an object of a class type with a non-trivial destructor, the program is not required to call the destructor explicitly before the storage which the object occupies is reused or released; however, if there is no explicit call to the destructor or if a delete-expression (5.3.5) is not used to release the storage, the destructor shall not be implicitly called and any program that depends on the side effects produced by the destructor has undefined behavior.
The final result is as if you had exported only revision 125 on MayBranch as a diff, and then applied that diff to the AugustBranch.
So the item is a record in the store which contains json in the structure as follows:
I once said I had never had a bad experience at this place.
I love this La Pomponnee wayyyyy more than the peters township one.
Add a or to your handler to test.
the incremental highlighting remains because always matches, even with zero spaces.
It was a glorious kind of lost though, because I love hardware stores.
UPDATE It seems that my original question canot properly describe my problem.
In Column C is the formula (this is only in column C): In Column D and dragged across is the formula: That will build the string for you but the results will be all over the place so in Column B I have the formula: To gather all the results in to one column for you.
My View Controller gets deallocated when the app goes to the background My View Controller class gets deallocated when the app goes to the background.
How to dump sinatra rack test exceptions to console?
so as far as I can tell the trim is not doing what it says it will do.
\nHairdryers hung on of the mirrored walls.
This is usually our \""go to\"" for pizza when the kids aren't around (they prefer Pizza hut) .
They have daily specials and awesome beers on tap.
I usually add cream and sugar to coffee to knock off the acidity but I drink this brew black and pure.
So you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one(s).
\n\nOverall I'd say that I need to go for another lotus run
This may interfere with your ability to require modules.
Create (in photoshop or something similar) your own black version of the detail disclosure button.
\n\nThe service was great and the food was delicious.
Will cost more than the competition, but at times it's well worth it for the specialty items.
Rowkey is the "primary key" within one partition.
You can use function for binding events.
So please, even though Walter's is awesome, don't come here--I want this place to myself.
After being rather dissapointed with Chaya last night, I decided to go to Umi tonight.\n\nThe staff was friendly and service perfect.
I actually drive 20-30 minutes out of the way to come here sometimes.
There are similar options, just try for more information.
\n\nThe food in the stadium is overpriced, just like the food in every stadium, but it's not shockingly overpriced.
It probably doesn't bother most people who will just come back to their hotel to sleep.
My wife and I and our son love this restaurant.
Served with a charmoula sauce which is heavy on the garlic, parsley and cumin, in a very good way.\n\nPer our waitress' recommendation (who was GREAT by the way), I had the pan seared Australian sea bass.
Has anyone managed to speed up OpenCV's SVM.predict function ?
this is my code for form3 now i want to use value of smileplay, surpriseplay ,sadplay,normalplay,ambiguousplay in form1
She explained every item on the menu for the noobs and really seemed to care about us and our experience.
It made even the most average of pieces come alive.\n\nThe car collection was amazing, and the staff in the outbuilding were equally helpful.
Oh my, Thai Cuisine, how I miss living a few blocks from you.
Inside the LoadImage method, you'll make a request to get your image, save it to local storage, and then set the PImage1 property.
The tiered scheme can also achieve better peak performance than a regular server VM because the faster profiling phase allows a longer period of profiling, which may yield better optimization.
The flavors are so fresh and work well.
Waitress was friendly, and kept checking us and refilling my sweet tea glass( this is a pet peeve when I have to ask).
I would have never seen it without Yelp.
'MINMAXINFO' : undeclared identifier in MFC application I tried to use MINMAXINFO to resize the window dynamically in MFC application (in VS 2008).
But, I can see in the Ecommerce Product Performance section that products in Goal 1 convert in much higher numbers then products in Goal 2.
I enjoyed myself here, but wasn't really impressed.
\n\nTheir late hours are ideal for students or those that just run better late at night.
This code working fine for me the layout file
Complimentary bread was good too.\n\nWould definitely go again, maybe on a weekday when it may be less crowded and noisy.
So it's an example of something that causes the kind of disruption I'm trying to negate.
Actually HTAs are run by mshta.exe, and IE is used as a rendering &amp; scripting engine.
You will go through the same area multiple times completely by accident, but you'll eventually figure it out.
I haven't been able to find a similar problem on forums anywere.
CSS Fluid layout and images I am trying to create a completely fluid layout in CSS (everything in %), which would work seamlessly across platforms (desktop/mobile/tablets like iPad).
I was able to read the column from (1st level nested) as below: app/admin/order.rb Now, I'm having headache on how to retrieve, for example, column named "quantity" from the 2nd level nested attribute of ...
It is inefficient: Contention may become a problem if you need to update this counter frequently.
How do I add it to 3.4?
But I knew we could step this shit up, I asked for mustard.
Signals that an end of file or end of stream has been reached unexpectedly during input.
In your code $row is a an object (you've used mysql_fetch_object), and the .= operator tries to build a string, concatenating $liResult and $row.
By default, WordPress filters the title and body of all posts through .
The table parameter works with wildcards so you can select to dump out all tables at once (change the PUB.ABCCode to PUB.% in example below.
Instead of there being 7 separate tables, everything got collapsed into 1 table, with the column name and the value for the first table being two separate columns, and all the other tables being rows.
Because you are returning the JSON data back to your template.
Drink wise, they offer a variety of craft soda, craft beer, and of course your fountain.
Try using a stable compatible combination of Firefox Browser and Selenium Server.
Also, how could I change func QR to accept parameter values?
However I had no clue where I would find Reefs here until I remembered Wallerbears on 51.
Also on the kids bag there is a coupon for a free scoop of ice cream with your choice of toppings!
This is a place you either love or hate I love it!
With the lat lon parameters and the district name you provided I was able to get the area you needed as the first result.
My curious mind is happy for all the help it can get.
What is the quickest way to compare these files and list the differences, i.e.
I'm also looking for the docs for ActionController::Caching to see if 'config_accessor' would have gone away..?
Option 1: -verbose:gc This argument record GC behaviour whenever GC kicks into picture.
How can i insert a html page in that empty space??
But since I'm typically coming in from or going to PHX, those domestic flights (for US Air) are in B or C.
I was seriously impressed with this HGI.
The working code I have is below
Your unit test can add its custom appender during steup, and remove the appender (using ) during teardown.
There's also other combo's for around $12, but I'd say go big or go home!\n\nThe tea menu is VERY large and there were tons of choices.
Until the kids decide they wanna play tennis and football at 11pm, therefore the tennis court lights shine into my bedroom lol..
My favorite was the vending machine room where you can grab drinks and just lay your head down when you get tired of studying\n12.
It was not hot as advertised, but more subtly sweet.
It's a classy place, but people from all walks of life were eating there, from people dressed in Steelers gear to older, well-dressed couples.
Changing the call to close() fixed the problem.
The food for our party was surprisingly good.
Open Elfinder 2.X from input field In my CMS I used Elfinder 1.X, which was integrated into CKEditor and I could open an other instance by clicking an input as well.
From appetizers to soup to entree including sides and desserts.
Lots of different flavors, if you want to go out for wings, there may be better places, but up there as far as delivery goes.
For some reason, D2009 is saying that it cannot resolve the unit name.
It has a deletion functionality through context menu.
This is easily the best deal for great Indian food in Charlotte.
It was quite good-I can't say it was an over the moon astounding, mind blowing, life changing experience, but it was good and what you want when you go for Thai food.
I can't speak for their Sesame Chicken or their Egg Foo Young, and if I was as talented as the person in that kitchen, I would be insulted seeing that kind of order come up.
Precede your list name by a star: The star unpacks the list, which gives 3 separate values.
If is the same then show me the image in my picture box.
I like good food that is somewhat healthy and sustainable.
How to Mock Service Initialization Parameters in Service Fabric for Unit Testing similar to mocking the state using a mock class?
Then you sort them inside with the merge sort and you get the result.
Trouble getting started with Spring Roo and GWT I am trying to get started with SpringRoo and GWT after seeing the keynote...
My first thought was to use Rack::Timeout to have Rack cancel the request.
But from java code is it possible ,only.db file is generated What is difference between these files
For amd64, you need to use "syscall" - and use different registers - instead of "int 0x80": Here's a good example:
I had the popcorn crawfish and the red beans and rice here.
\n\nThings to note:\n\nThis is not a cheap place.
Not crazy about football like I use to be when I was a small fry but as far as football teams goes the Steeler are a SOLID TEAM!
Using the same structure above, load the children into and array and get the index number of the uid you want to know the position of.
The part you are asking about is an anonymous method that uses a lambda expression.
I thought it is enough to write the following into the context.xml of the tomcat: For some reason this does not work.
Because it is a library class, it would be advisable to call the destructor to be safe.
Don't use the basic_ifstream as it requires specializtion.
It was so good I wanted to steal his plate.
The Jet Room is a diner with a great view the Wisconsin Aviation Airport runway.
I offered to buy him one if he'd just stop long enough for me to go in, and he totally did.\n\nGo get some!
basically enough food to last me two to three meals.
I guess it'd kind of be like visiting an outdoor rehab center for permanently injured athletes.
One example: The Light Factory did an amazing photo and art exhibit on post-Katrina New Orleans after taking a group of high school photography students on a trip there.
Bravo what a great place with perfectly polite service!
Our chef was very nice and entertaining.
Comes with 2, but you can order a third.\n\nMediterranean Platter - Just ok, and the pita seemed stale and like they were just microwaved.
You can try to remove the from your build and use specs2 to generate reports:
They refilled while I was there.
Edit: after playing around with it a bit, I decided it was better to delegate it to the tree: then some syntactic helpers, so I can create the tree, which then prints like which I believe is actually what is desired.
For the share button, if you view the site Multiple Share buttons are loaded and it takes long time to load all of them.
Heres a couple of better syntax options: Or
It was a ton of food and more than filling enough - I didn't even eat the salad and I was stuffed.
All of the classics are here.
I have a Binary Search going in my program, but when I enter 10 student records into an Array and sort them, the last element of Student ID will not be picked up from my binary search.
The tour is a good time as well!
Yesterday a legacy project (ok, made three years ago) landed on my lap, and it features "blocks" (an EPi Server term basically meaning templates) such as this: MySuperSlider.ascx Blocks, such as this one, are being reused all over the site, but with different settings (ref which would fetch data for that current block).
In case you are using the IDE Eclipse if you press Ctrl+Shift+o (letter O) it imports everything automatically for you.
I've seen such a wide variety of people there and everyone is always having a great time.\n\nBesides, the drinks are super strong and cheap - that alone is good enough for me.
However, since there really is no problem having too long of fields in HTML, there is an rather simple way to fix Chris's solution to work it this example.
\n\nThey have a permanent exhibit called \""From Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers\"" and some substantial moving displays.
I suspect that the code was generated on the fly and I couldn't find the in my Blogger template code.
I would like to get a list of the k most recently published CRAN packages, or alternatively all packages published after date dd-mm-yy.
\nNot the best I've tasted but darn good.
Here's a link to that article I was referring to.
So maybe you can use something like.
He had the salmon cakes meal.
Everything we ate had depth, richness, and finesse.
Linux find out Hyper-threaded core id I spent this morning trying to find out how to determine which processor id is the hyper-threaded core, but without luck.
Yet, I get bizzare spaces inserted into the middle of my usage text.
One of the best fast-food Chinese places I've ever eaten at.
The speciality hotcakes are more crepe-like in that they're stuffed with the filling of your choice and whipped cream and then rolled up.
I've targeted the right XML (since the changes to it are seen on the ribbon).
I have been going to this buffet for a few years now, and it is great every time.
Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.
Everyone that works there are super nice and professional as well.
i added OnGetMinMaxInfo function through properties window.
This museum has really changed how I view Charlotte.
So I usually create a subdirectory under and put all the images belonging to my GWT module in there.
I would highly recommend to give this place a try.
I've never had such great interaction with a business before, from the small talk we shared to the service they provided.
A user can select multiple users from a dropdown menu.
This window takes for ever to open and once it does open it is practically frozen solid (it moves so slow) the queries to the database take under ten seconds (I log when the VM is fully loaded) then it takes two or three minutes to open the window.
You could animate the footer with fadeIn() and fadeOut() jQuery effects.
It is a very misleading error but once an existing work order was tested, it fetched the work order with no issues.
Veggie pizza was fresh and yummy.
The attendant who serves me at this location always smiles and is pleasant.
Except this is done with merge tracking information included so that SVN knows how to get the whole branch automatically later if you like.
strange issue when using drawer in android lolipop i have mainlayout.xml as coded below : every things work prefectly on pre-lolipop devices.
Suddenly, the hotel was \""overbooked\"" and a smirk spread across his face as if to tell me that I was lucky to have a room, even if it was the maintenance closet.\nI took my key and jumped on the elevator filled with the naivet\u00e9 that this time, just this one time, I could avoid the dreaded pound puppy curse.\nThe elevator doors opened and I was overwhelmed by a toxic odor.
I saw this picture online that I liked and printed it off as a basis for my tattooo.
RoR: friendly_id unique for user I have a website that has works on the premise: By default, I have enabled unique slugs for articles, however I would like to have slugs unique per user, across all users.
(which are used by .NET in the BCL).
if i'm counting right line 17 is the error where the error is thrown.
Yes, there is a lot of annoying chain cliches from your server asking if you've ever ate at RR before, every single time.
RTC source control icons What is the difference between these two RTC source control icons ?
Looks like it's time to update another review of mine.
Output: 30414093201713378043612608166064768844377641568960512000000000000 The built-in function took 0.00549 seconds.
:) But if you were thinking about system's background process - for ex.
I also tried to start the ibus daemon as I found on google that it's causing that first error line but it's still not working.
The Lemon Drop Martini was so good that I had two and I have been known to send it back to the bar if it is not made right.\n\nMy Butternut Squash was rich, perfectly spices with the right amount of creamy taste.
Mothers day always has something sweet going on.\nGo see this special place.
To top it off, one of the people in our group has a severe nut/bean allergy, and the entire staff was very accommodating in making sure no nuts or beans touched our food.
\n\nThey freshly squeeze the oranges and grapefruits in front of you for your Screwdrivers and Greyhounds so you don't have to worry about nasty impurities from the fruit juice ruining your cocktail.
There is no built-in (but you could do it for example by using term expansion) syntactic way to define predicates inside predicates in program text, and there seems little reason to do so.
Drinks were a little pricey but the atmosphere was worth it.
You only need to obtain it first by .
I wanna come back soon!\n\nThe food is a five.\nThe service is a five.\nYes, full score for you, Monty.
The solution is to process the result set in reverse order.
What can I do to make the PowerCLI run EXE files?
\n\nIt can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it.
I found a fantastic smoothie place next to a fresh text mex place in the US air terminal.
Ashley is also super nice & helpful, and was able to assist me with a larger car when I needed one.
This is a place I suggest you don't pass up!
But for the price it wasn't bad.
Right by the mall on the East side.
I essentially got the same log as yours, with OPENLDAP.DLL as the last successfully loaded module before the crash.
Load the .qm file from a particular location.
web.config for page access controls I currently have my access permissions in : I don't like this for two reasons: becomes a mess as my website builds up I'm not sure it's good security to keep the web page access rule so separated from the page itself.
Here is my Fiddle: Fiddle Any help or suggestion, please ...
I decided to go with a dramatic look and I was very nervous (not sure how well I hid it) but Eddy was super nice and I calmed down quickly after we started chatting.
Been doing business here for years.
Exactly like the error states, you are attempting to compare a ( ) with a ( ) which is not allowed for obvious reasons.
I have also had some of the pastries (and maybe a bagel at some point?) and everything has been fresh.\n\nI'm a big lover of coffee shops and this place fits all of my requirements.
How do I simply get the ID of the language and put it as a FK language_id in the 'word' table in the database, through Doctrine code?
Worse, it may do more harm than good.
They were definitely edible just no where near as flavorful as the beef lo mien.
Prompt but not intrusive, attentive, courteous, friendly but not overly so, just top notch.
I had never been there before but we stuck around after the tasting and ended up right in the middle of an enormous party!
Jquery for chosen not working properly on rails 4 app I am using the Mailboxer and Chosen gems.
Everything had so much flavor and tasted fresh.
This method is probably faster, although it may require that you try different combinations of polygons.
I felt so special having this upgrade and couldn't have asked for a better room.
The manager was great and understood completely.
They have a parking lot on the side of the building, connected with a grocery store's lot..
A class variable would tell the getView() function when the views should be recreated
The first method, instead replacing the registered instance of with a new instance, you'd just update the registered instances properties to the new values.
It doesn't sound like anything special, but I got this for lunch one time and was absolutely blown away.
I am drawing a blank ..
And about the free wi-fi ---- It is not the Southern Way to gouge our guests, we want you to feel at home.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
It is located right in the river with large floor to ceiling windows that make the already large space seen even larger.\n\nThere are several floors to this place and I was only on the 2nd for the Farm to Table tasting event here last night.
Carowinds is a wonderful amusement park and water park.
Update related to your comment: and your template to this: The strings in the table will be the result of for your member and events, followed by empty cells.
The taste of the food is authentic, not too spicy, but not at all bland.
I took a trip down to Florida and stopped at this place on a tip.
She told me about a cool neighborhood bar with 10 minutes of the hotel.
The fish comes with your choice of - baked potato, waffle fries, pub fries, homemade potato chips, and some other things like cottage cheese etc.
Service can be a little slow and invisible, at times, but the food makes it totally worth it.
The chefs were accommodating to my diet and happy to do so.
The collard greens are also great, slightly tangy and with a good feel, not overcooked.
I was perfectly happy with the portion size but my boyfriend was not.
Would it possible to keep rest of the things unchanged, while I get to resolve the radio button problem?
what IntentFilter String param should i use?
If they served only my portion from the pan it would not have been as off.
It was quite filling without making me fall asleep as typically happens after eating at brunch places.
I want to do comparison with (Combined).
I also really love how beautiful this restaurant is, it's got a nice French shabby-chic look to it.
He graciously woke me up to let me know it was time for my flight to start boarding.
You want to take it home with you.
Strange thing is that "Dichiarazione" works both with PHP and MySQL.
Great food, great service, wonderful atmosphere!
slow down people).\n\nHaving just gone to New Orleans a few months ago, I'm glad that Charlotte has a place to get this type of food, although it's still not perfectly on point.\n\nLive Jazz never hurts (but if you sit downstairs you won't be able to see it and probably can't hear it too well either).
You can try for creating interactive content for a wide range of devices.
Plus, the sauce that your waiter/waitress makes for you is always a nice addition to any meal.
The best ice cream in Pittsburgh!
Does anyone know what's happening behind the scenes here?
If only all Pittsburgh restaurants could be like you, the world would be a better place.
I have no particular reason to think it is...
get value from child from to parent form i have 2 form in my media player project i have make object of from1 (parent form) and by that get value from form1 in form3.
It is one of the best salads downtown!
I will be returning here again for all my current vehicle's maintenance needs - which should be relatively few, according to the mechanics at Chet's, who could have frankly sold me quite a significant line of bull about that had they cared to.
Other restaurants of this caliber would charge separately for all this food, putting the total bill far higher.
Who does not love a DQ Blizzard?
I am using advantage 8.1 so TOAD will support it.
and it's miles away from store bought ice cream....
But, how many grocery stores do you go to that play classical music?
The baked Alaskan (I thought it was fish when my fianc\u00e9 ordered it) is a wonderful dessert but only available certain times of the year.
Their dim sum is pretty standard items, but the only real place to go in Champaign, myself I would probably wait till I get back to Chicago for that.\nThe down side of this place is their are two waitress that also work in the kitchen, everything is self serve the tea, drinks, even your utensils.
I don't understand why this is happening.
Here's an example of an array of jagged arrays, the last being empty.
Costco has gift cards that cost less than the face value so you can really get more bang for your buck!
Take a look at PCNTL especially pcntl_signal()
I tried with create over game scene and call function with coordinates, but elements which placed under this never receive touch event.
I would recommend parking in the garage for the office building next door to the restaurant.
It will surely sign out from old account.
\n\nI'm not going to pretend that having tongue surgery was \""fun\"" but under the circumstances I could have not expected better.
I got to the shop just before they weer about to close, but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me.
With the perfect mix of fresh, delicious cajun food and eclectic decor in an old, historic house turned restaurant, you really can't go wrong.
They serve spaten Oktoberfest year round!
The numerical value of the hexadecimal integer so formed specifies the value of the desired character or wide character.
Karner was very attentive and really listened to my input and opinions about my treatment.
Great food, friendly attentive staff.\n\nMy boyfriend and I came for lunch around 11:30am.
Good amount of sauce, and cheese tasted very fresh!
I am very excited to try their brunch menu sometime.
It's not too pricey but classy enough to bring my in-laws when they visit, and I always anxious to impress.
after that I call this function.
Make a by declaring it with: and use: to add an element to the end of it.
It was nice to be in such a large place with so many people and it actually be CLEAN :)
In our build we have this line at the top: and then we can reference the task just fine.
I went to Kara for curly hair as Nicolette was not available (this was my first visit: I recently moved to PGH and used these Yelp reviews to help me pick).
If you need 1MB for the stack, and you have 1MB, you can just reserve that 1MB and have the stack start at the top of it.
This airport was amazing because I got through security in 5 minutes, but it felt like it was 90 degrees inside and I was sweating like crazy.
So I have no way to get an app access token, so none of these games can submit scores.
It's worth noting that this is not the most efficient way of building the dictionary though, since it runs through every file for every drug.
I am using VS 2012 update 3, and can not see any code analysis options in context menus, or any buttons or menu options.
You can also alternatively alias both types to something like:
I prefer using ctype_digit (works only with strings, it's ok with $_GET).
They also have some excellent Thai specialties.
little rich for me, but if you are a cocoa lover, go for it!
If you're using 11g or later version of Oracle, the easiest way to transpose rows into columns is PIVOT operator ( documentation ).
This was as good or perhaps even better than any other strip I've had in town.
As it returned the execution will go to the part.
As if you honestly decide whether or not to visit a city because of it's airport?
I'm probably showing my age, but I still love my copy of Foley, Feiner, van Dam, and Hughes (The White Book).
Their tamales are fluffy, the fajitas are well seasoned and their mole is complex like a good mole should be.
Adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt.
My best haircuts have been the ones where I just let him do whatever he feels like.\n\nI have fine, curly hair and Richard really knows how to handle it.
I am unable to find any thing into.
I usually go to the Monroe in Wexford, this one is just as great!
We got talking to the owner.
Your code works fine for me.
Tasteful decor is not a dealbreaker though.
He's a trooper.\n\nWe arrived at the Frick on a gorgeous blue morning and started out with an excellent tour of the Frick family abode.
However, with that admission out of the way, I had an absolute blast at Discovery Place.
She was really patient and explained the products and how she was styling my hair.
You just need to right click on the Test in the Test Explorer window and choose Profile Test.
So obviously, we were well attended to and the staff seemed happy to have us there.
I've verified that the process I'm getting with GetCurrentProcess is correct (via the ID).
It was really working that whole sweet and salty thing.
The remodeling took place in November and December 2012.
North of campus, in downtown Champaign, near good dining.
it would be your required solution.
servicestack ormlite sqlite DateTime getting TimeZone adjustment on insert i'm trying ormlite.
You'd be far better off creating your own nuget repository containing your preferred versions of packages and either using nuget restore or some other way of "rehydrating" your dependencies for building.
It's a really fun and interactive eating experience.
So I could write a library / application in AngularJS and somebody could embed that in their page without using an iFrame?
This place is big on burgers and chicken sandwiches.
\nWe started with two appetizers this time out, the Tuna Tartare and the Sheep's Milk Gnudi.
On the view I have out putted some fields from the model object, just to let the user know what they are deleting.
He is attentive and really listens to what the customer wants done.
Angular pass dynamic scope to directive I have a directive that takes an attribute value from a an http call like so: Controller HTML Directive: I'm trying to pass that info variable from the controller, into the directive, through an attribute.
This is an Owin question so I'm closing.
Pretty good Thai, though slightly overrated.
I particularly loved the seasoning on their giant meatballs, but I've never been a fan of thick spaghetti.
The pizza is made to order and their speciality is flavored crust made with different flavors including onion, butter cheese, garlic herb, and sesame.
how to mark a portion of a TextField as readonly in javafx?
Alternatively you can mark it as "Content" and use it like this: I don't know if you need to assign the background programatically (because you can do it in markup), but if you do here is what you need to say: [FURTHER] in order set margin programmatically:
I am new to CSS, Bootstrap &amp; HTML.
render is not a function below is code in file ' ' and i have partial but when i load my app it gives me NoMethodError at /resumes/new undefined method `render'.
I use mySQL 5.6.11, data stored are as follow I store stock market data 1 minute per row, I have 511 1 minute rows for every day (from 0900 up to 1730).
It came out hot and crispy.
The texture and taste was amazing!
While this question is old I must say that I am having a pretty tough experience right now due to delimited strings that I have to use on the backend.
Take out - No dine in - Friendly staff - Very good Pizza, better than most!
If you are looking to grab a few drinks after work with friends, the lounge upstairs is a good choice.
Admittedly, never had it with tomato before, but it was still delicious.
I went with the tenderloin, topped with blue cheese and served atop a sweet pea risotto.
Course after course of sensationally prepared sashimi and nigiri-sushi, with sauces that were flavorful enough to set off the fish, yet delicate enough not to overpower it.
How can I make the code segments of this page more readable?
I ended up having to set the innerHTML of the select.
\n\nAll the goodness of tasty food that compels writers to make exclusive use of fragmented sentences.\n\nI wanted to have an orgy with all the Primanti Brothers as a token of my gratitude, but since I almost fainted due to claustrophobia in the narrow stairwell on my way to the pissah, I suppose a thank you will just need to suffice.
Not one to write reviews unless really compelled.
Just typing a.a1 gives a mess.
For those who may stumble on this problem, try my approach on finding the overlapping elements.
I strolled in (literally-baby on board!) on a Tuesday afternoon for a treat after having lunch at Little Tokyo.
All the other reviews are true.
Sat on their outdoor patio which was very pleasant should the weather permit.
Is there an easy way to persist the FROM for all queries run within my model (unless I manually override it)?
Harper's was one of the first restaurants I dined at in Charlotte.
Wednesdays are hit-or-miss; sometimes crowded and sometimes empty.
Several commercial variants of PostgreSQL have been built over the years, such as Illustra, Greenplum and EnterpriseDB.
What is the name of the head file, I googled it, and find someone is using it.
Now I want to restrict the person who is taking the test without being able to navigate to other tabs or other windows by generating a mouserover pop-up.
Beds are comfy, rooms are nice and clean, staff is very accommodating and goes above & beyond what's expected.
Das ist furmuns der Flughafen Charlotte, den wir 2 Mal im Jahr nutzen.
Am I on the right track?
Pesto burgers were definitely the former (I mean seriously, if you're going to mention pesto, shouldn't there be pesto involved in the dish?), roasted garlic was definitely the latter (so simple, so cheap, so tasty).
I dont know why you getting not enabled products...
Edit 2: Now it works with class="active" on the anchor instead of the list item.
This would make it extremely consistent with the third section example given by the W3C
\n\nThere are plenty of options for shopping and dining.
The matzo ball soup, while not like mom's, is still very tasty.
info in the error regexp match.
not a good feeling when you seem \""forced\"" to use their services.
For instance And I can have input of almost identical size and complexity work fine...Is there a preferred tool to depmixS4 here?
Read the Yelp reviews before coming, so I knew to get the ginger lemonade and hangover hash.
I have 10 columns in a table, and user changes 2 columns, stored procedure check which columns are affected and returns me only those and for all other columns it should return null.
so i recommend you to use smtp to send mail take a look here and there is a supper powerful library to send email PHPMailer
The dining room is really nice with dark wood and lots of leather.
Please let me know if any post that I can refer to.
This is my second dance with Primanti's.
here is my calling tag and the dialog box div here is the same div which I need to call in the x.html page
I couldn't finish the fries so I took them with me to the movie theater and the lady didn't mind that I brought them in.
When we needed a new heating/cooling system we invited three companies for estimates.
Therefore: This is not only trivial to write, but it is the most optimal implementation for both size and speed.
aside from that, they stand back and let you marvel at the good food.
TTLauncherView move item to other page I have a TTLauncherView in my ios app.
instead of Remove all code in your MainActivity except .
Everyone was nice including the doctor .
I am giving Harris 4 stars because it is my neighborhood bar and has sentimental value to me.
It's worth the extra buck to do it some where thats clean has WiFi a tv for the game and is right next to a bottle shop and a bar.
\nFor non vegetarians the chefs tasting options they have every once in a while are amazing!!
If you are craving good ole soul food - aka southern \""comfort foods\"" this place is a must-try!
We saw no \""floaters\"".\n\nThis store is very well organized and CLEAN!!!
Field data type / validations questions I have few questions on what data types to use and how to define some fields from my site.
All I care is that a nail place is clean, relaxed, and not overpriced.
Breakfast buffet was really nice each morning and bar area in the lobby was very modern and a nice place to relax.
My question is what is the best way to spwan these from a windows service?
I would definitely recommend Patches and Pieces.\n\nMy only negative about the service is that both times I had to call her to find out when my pieces would be finished.
When I press w key it select the first occurrence and set it in the cell.
VHDL: Subtract std_logic_vector I am developing a code on VHDL and I need to make subtraction operation on std logic vector.
But now, when I open up the report, the drop down list of job position is empty, disabled and remains so until the values of units are changed or the report is run.
I have not used it, but Apache James looks like it will support a SQL Backend: (Make sure you use version 3).
You do not need jQuery for this.
Second, you should always consider if a method is better implemented as a (non-static) method on the same object where the data that is passed as argument(s) to the method lives.
I got one from their 'healthy' menu, it was called Blueberry Heaven - it was blueberries, banana, Protein Blend & honey.
Went there again on a Sunday afternoon and the service was much better.\n\nThe drinks are outstanding too!
I go 3 or 4 times a week among other workouts and activities.
I was on a road trip back east from Ohio and was told there was no way that I could pass through PGH without stopping at Primanti Brothers.
You can't really just get the title, you can get the whole document and then weed out the elements you need: I like to use Simple Html Dom Parser
Definitely NOT a sexy establishment but if what you want is good hot Chinese food you got it!
Cheap, tasty noodle concoctions are served up in decent-sized portions in this apparently national chain.
With this method you will not have if's in the code it self but some very unmaintainable preprocessing.
Getting a datetime to php from javascript array I'm working with a JQuery datetime picker and am trying to save the selected date time into the php variable in order to save it into mysql database.
I enjoy Chicks if for no other reason than it still serves a chicken salad sandwich that is close to what chik fil a used to do before moving to that way too thick bread they now use.
TV's are great and have good programming, the beds are super comfy, and the bathrooms are large with good showers.\n\nAfter being here, this is probably the only hotel in Pittsburgh that I will ever want to stay at again.
Checking the logs, i have found that when this happens there is always the following msg: W/ActivityManager( 319): startActivity called from non-Activity context: forcing Intent.FLAG_ACTIVITY_NEW_TASK for: Intent { cmp=com.android.vending/com.google.android.finsky.billing.lightpurchase.IabV3Activity (has extras) } When this happens, i have to close the app.
Basically i need to write a regular expression that matches a valid string beginning and ending with quotes, and can have quotes in between provided they are escaped.
The Harmony hours listed are dead wrong and they are open, not closed.
I changed the bg color of image and text color also, but yet nothing is seen on execution.
Near the bathrooms they even have a huge buffalo standing guard.
How should I code the module?
Searches can be limited to References, Declarations, Implementors and selected other areas of the source code, instead of All ocurrences (which might be the default in your case).
I am doing it in a / , but not sure how to use that to my advantage.
To that end, I have traced the issue back to a custom Atom defined in the code, as follows ============= This Atom is then checked for in the Xevents, and then data from the xevent ( ) is used to determine what state to put the keyboard in.
I have an Oma and a Nain (german and welsh grandmothers, respectively).
I had the Pink Lemonade and she had the Dragon Berry Cosmo.
\n\n The Staff: Everyone is always so helpful and friendly- they almost always remember your name ...
Maybe I need to implement AsyncTask in my fragment ?
In my opinion, all the objects are equal, that means they will not depend on any other objects.
there's no inbuild function in javascript to get full name of month.
\n\nService: I had to keep reminding myself that I wasn't related to this person.
\n\n(If you want to talk supermarket sushi, DYK restaurants like Soul Gastrolounge actually serve the supermarket brand as their own...and nobody knows!
And I have created 2 profiles.
Out on a date, we ordered an appetizer, calamari, two entrees and two individual sized sides.
Good conversation, no frills, and a darned good haircut from an experienced barber, all at a very reasonable price.\n\nMade my appointment earlier today, got right in, and had a great experience.
It is nothing like usual Chinese restaurant fare as it is not soaked in soy sauce, and the chicken isn't the cubes from a can.
Got busy while we were there, Restaurant was clean.
It seems that the issue you haveing was occurring with standard .NET libraries targeting NUnit test adapter but the above NUnitTestAdapterWithFramework must have fixed those issue.
I have read this and applied this, it works for some, but not for others.
Is it better to pass all the parameters within a new function, and set private properties on the .
Piping hot, full of flavor and delivered by an over-the-top waiter with a smile.\n\nRefills came quickly and our time in Charlotte will always be remembered thanks to Mert's.
As we know the filenames in Java are specified by using Strings.
\n\nBetter than Chima, 5 Church, Aria, that awful BBQ place I can't remember the name of..the list goes on.\n\nLobster mac and cheese.
Does anyone have any pointers for a suitable solution to this problem?
So means call overloaded once; return type is a reference, so the expression is a lvalue; then apply the builtin operator to the lvalue.
I have Tor running, and I am able to use Net::HTTP.get(uri) as usual.
When you report jvm info for through metrics for the executor and driver, you will see three more stats files related to CPU utilization.
A low-budget way of doing this is: This starts the program in a minimised console window, and doesn't wait for the second program to finish.
Now, this code only gives me 1 IP address which is the server's IP address.
I imagine the rough design would be: Authenticate the user and create new/obtain existing user id On document insert inject the user id into the document On read of document/collection of documents query where document user id = current user id I'm creating an AngularJs application and currently use an Azure Sql Database combined with Azure Mobile Services.
So, it's not really a threat.
I'm guessing that you are not just using view source, but are instead using the Firefox Developer Tools Browser Inspector?
the mall where there is a 100% chance I'm going to find something I want to buy and a 0% chance I'll be able to afford it.\n\nIf I am going out for dinner and a movie though, this is where I go.
I have found code completion / syntax highlighting controls, but SQL is a funny beast because of the column / table aliases.
I adored Uptown Coffee as a middle- and high-school student, mostly due to its proximity to the school.
So i assume there will be 3 field for this: timeline_to, timeline_from, time_line present where to &amp; from are month/year varchars and present is just a flag to set the current date?
Sad to see you go, thank you for the delicious food!
The good: I'll eat anything they want to batter and fry up, all the fried food was steaming, crispy, flavorful, tender, and delicious.
I wish there was actually a Hardee's in the Chicago city limits, but I survive because of the many other Chicago eateries.
It could use some updating but the rooms are still nice and comfy.
I can't get excited enough to call it the best Chinese in Charlotte, but the food is consistently good.
Had a Breakfasts meeting last week & enjoyed a wonderful breakfast.
Instead of using the square brackets , I am using the curly braces , as this is how content plugins are used in Joomla.
Upper dining room has been remodeled.
Here's my XML code for the Tabs But I keep getting "Cannot start Activity: Library" error.
The atmosphere is like a typical casual dining restaurant with a bar, great to bring a group of friends or family to.
I wish it had been more of a glaze than a heavy sauce.
The beer garden is a great place to enjoy a cold brew, sunshine and live music in the summer time.
I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu.
Both our artists made us feel comfortable and at ease, which is important if you are sitting there for hours getting tattooed.
You need to retain a copy of the AdMob AdViewController as Admob no longer does this itself.
try this also read more about PCRE assertions
The pancakes looked awesome and I would get them next.
If it is recursive, can you explain it?
\n\nI think it was the decor really that did me in.
Service was prompt just the same.
So we took turns squeezing in and out, then returned to the bar and proceeded to enjoy tons of conversation with the locals.
here is wat u want name and value are the tags in my xml file .
test.cpp: compile: output: What is the reason for this huge discrepancy?
This is my attempt to get it working on the #ansinput text-input field (the big one with the answer in): But I'm not getting my alert.
I believe the reason for this is that the post generated by the above code is different to what the form itself posts manually.
Solution: Of course need to change limit in the first selection, otherwise there will be plenty to choose from.
Why I get Forbidden error I have created a custom bitnami app at: but, when I try to access the app from web browser: I get error: is is: Any one can help?
Muy rico!!!\n\nWhen I worked nearby, I ordered takeout alteast once a month.
It's impossible to look cute and shove one of these things into your mouth at the same time...
\n\nWhile it may be overrated for being featured on the food network, it is a pretty good sandwich place (no not just because the portions...while they are generous) \n\nThe fries are a bit bland but I'm a huge fan of the cole slaw they have there - while it may not be anything \""special\"" it's a classic (not creamy cole slaw mind you).
Why not try an old-time phosphate, malted, or egg cream?
There are a group of regulars I'd guess sitting at the bar imbibing loudly.
Decor is outdated, but not sloppy.
Nice and malty with minimal hops.
I didn't realize there was a small and goodness, the plate we got was huge and piled high.
My OpenCV build was compiled to include both TBB (threading) and OpenCL (GPU) functions.
From its readme.txt in odp.net/doc under the oracle client dir: "7.
Layout that contains the gallery: The test activity that populates the gallery: The layout for the frames that go inside the gallery: "ScrollableLinearLayout" is just my class that extends LinearLayout to override onPressed.
Is there some way that I could group the rows based on a condition such as: This is not the only condition - I need about 10 conditions like this.
I had meat sauce based pasta and it was great.
\n\nThe spaghetti I ordered was fabulous, but the lasagna my buddy ordered looked even better!
The pick up and drop off are efficient, I'm often dropping off in the early hours of the a.m.
The issue is currently missing a reproducible test case.
I had the citrus tofu curry, which was just ok.
It was someplace you could go to and just relax, unwind, and be yourself (other than my favorite, the Ale House).
The thinking behind that is, if the place looks that bad but is still in busines, then there is a reason they're still in business.
I then assign width and height to it as my main object moves.
\n\nSweet tea and a corn bread CAKE were brought out right away.
After agree, xcode kills all existing certificates and invalidates provisioning profiles.
Angular :: Kendo UI Grid :: Pagination style I want to change the pagination style of Kendo Grid.
Using Object.assign() to create new objects, you could write: By the way, you'll notice that it's easier to handle the state object when its structure tends to be "flat" rather than "deeply nested".
Or is there any point for it I don't realize?
I know no-one is asking for a jQuery solution here, but might be worth mentioning that with jQuery you can just ask for:
If you are simply extending the list already in the Dictionary with key then will do it.
with the plethora of cups, saucers and plate ware you would think that some prices would drop.
In the field value is the C# parameter property, but this is null.
I have tried other properties but they also return undefined.
I was not aware of this: This works.
The carrot cake was bomb, but to be fair, it's hard to mess up anything with cream cheese icing.
We weren't expecting to pay half price for the dessert we just didn't want the rest to go to waste, but she did charge us half price.
If you are already familiar (and comfortable) with linear algebra basic calculus Newton's laws of motion then 6DoF Rigid Body Dynamics is what you are looking for.
They basically told him there was nothing he could do about it now, but when I returned from taking the kids to the potty and found out about it, I was livid.
The \""New South\"" Shrimp and Grits were incredible, the addition of the scallops was a nice plus.
On a clear day you can see all the way from the skyline to the ocean.
\n\nThe staff was very friendly and the building had a great German feel.
on your computer run terminal and use: where refers to IP of your tablet and refers to port on which adb is listening (usually 5555).
It works; but the data that is sent to the local file is still compressed, you'll have to decompress it manually.
\n\nI got my polish sausage and fries in good time, though, and enjoyed them immensely.
I always get burgers and beer here even though they're known for their pizza.
I just squeezed lemon juice all over my plate and it was delicious.\n\nI ordered the citrus-glazed salmon for my entree, with a spinach salad and warm bacon dressing on the side.
are you using a specific framework, or home baked authorization?
I dunno, I've been here enough times to review the place, but there's not really a whole lot to say.
I would have presented it this way : And associate an xsd schema defining the maxoccurs attribute of email and ssd to 1
I would be here every weekend for brunch.
My wife usually has 2-3 meals from it.\n\nAny other fajita - all of them are great, but now add in the fresh tortilla experience and they are no longer \""just a fajita\"".\n\nTacos al Carbon - a great hot sauce and the onion/cilantro combination make these tacos jump\n\nEnchilada Suizas - when you're in the mood for enchiladas done differently with a tomatillo sauce and queso!\n\nAnd, getting back to the live band, they had the volume of the band set perfectly.
Would they rate as well if they were in New York or San Francisco?
I loathe flying - every second that I'm on a plane is sheer torture.
They even provide jackets for people to wear.
The closest I've found was but it only talks about the constant attributes (" tablename " et al.).
So how can I do that?
As far as I can tell, I'm using a supported version of curl / libcurl : Any thoughts on this?
It has tons of science demonstrations that are hands on and they demonstrate physics in a way that is really fun.
TypeError: 'str' object is not callable (Python) Code: The first works and then the second time around it comes up with an error: Does anyone know why this is?
Submitted by JULIE MEDLIN, who JUST WON HER CASE!!!!!!!!!Thank you ALAN KRUSCH!
I've had every combination on the menu and then plenty more (they'll usually grant a request if they have the ingredients and they usually run a weekend special).
The ambiance is grand-folk friendly and if you don't have a problem with that, you'll be good to go.
Here's your fiddle with the new code:
How it works is that for some data that you have, you want to group them into k groups.
In the Microsoft x64 calling convention, the first up-to-four integer arguments are passed in registers, from left to right, in RCX, RDX, R8, and R9.
Patterns for dealing with variadic arguments in JavaScript I usually do something like the following when dealing with variadic arguments in JavaScript: But what about doing instead: I couldn't readily find anything addressing the pattern above, so I decided to post it here.
OK So I have fixed whatever issue was causing it to crash, below is what I changed: Step One: Created entirely new project and completed developer console, published just a simple button to login.
.no Pringles and beer for me!
Can't be worse than what happened to Hong Kong Chinese (read my previous review for that story).\nWhen I first walked in I was surprised by the cleanliness, and how well put together the interior looked, nicely decorated without going over the top.
So, the challenge I'm trying to solve is that status bars will block the panel tabs which feels wrong, and I believe the solution is to bump them up a little bit (3 or 4 VH) when any link is hovered.
It was a cold weekday night and the restaurant was pretty empty.
Notable mentions are the US Airways Flight 1549 Airbus that crashed in the Hudson River back in 2009, a DC-3, CH-47 Chinook, an F-4 Cockpit, an Air Force One Replica, as well as several other neat aircraft.
I had some time on my hands so I figure what the heck.
Once a blob is created/uploaded you can't change the blob type.
Whenever you're dealing with memory pointers directly and the type you're allocating contains compiler managed fields, you need to be very careful to initialize and dispose the type so that the compiler managed fields get initialized and disposed of correctly.
If it wasn't for that I would've given 5/5 stars
Try using with a content of to make these bullet points, like so: Here's a JsFiddle .
It's been a good six months since my last visit, I remember what I ordered and how good the entire experience was.\n\nI ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce and an order of bok choy which was steamed first, then quickly stir fried, delicious.
Growing up in Swissvale, we got a battleship for every football game, birthday party, and so on..
This only occurs with some fields, others work well.
My waiter could not have been more pleasant and yet not overbearing at all.
My vegan friend, Deb, turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang's and stay on a vegan diet.\n\nVegan friend Deb (VFD) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps.
Now that peekMessage return true, render() will not be called in frame when I clicked.
\n\nThe vets are honest and don't beat around the bush.
The Y really does formulate a great deal of community.
This co-op is a terrific, small-town shop that offers good food in a nice setting.\n\nI shop the co-op for massive bricks of fresh tofu, bulk foods, and assorted other tasty vegan treats.
Only 2 things that bother me, the hot and sour soup is TOO hot.
I left feeling very happy and excited for my wedding.
My friend and I enjoyed the generous portion of scramble egg ($7.50), and 2 layers blueberry pancake ($5.00).
The regular CursorLoader is based on Android's ContentProvider - so if you're not using it, you'll have to write your own Loader.
It's not necessary, but practically speaking if you have one already baked into your microservices development process as part of a cloud ready infrastructure - you address these things during development consideration and not in "big bang" fashion after the fact - a huge burden in the past for devop/ops folks to get their head around.
Basicly with 30 days and 9 projects which can be bought and upgraded the mathematical formula would be n^k.
Upstairs has jazz music, while downstairs has a bunch of little tables for small parties.\n\nI'll definitely be back!
What a jewel for the Queen City!
The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it.
I register a amr codec MFT, debug with windows sample code), connect the topology manually, it can play normally.
Great cafe for brunch and coffee.
You might want to reconsider your design and also read this:
The directory structure looks like this: I used this command to generate the MANIFEST file: The file is created but all of the empty folders are ignored, so and are not in the MANIFEST.
Note that the add and remove class methods don't need a to denote a class, this can be a gotcha
None of that half-assed, \""I'm abiding by the dress code, but I really just rolled out of bed\"" look.
Using const whatever we can, the compiler is able to optimize much more if it known that the value don't change.
The fried egg roll is a little smaller, yet it is still packed.
At the moment I getting a runtime error, which for all my tweaking I can not solve.
From what I understand most of those employees have been there for a long time.
I ceremoniously forked the last fried oyster from our appetizer tray, held it high like a chalice, like a triumph, angled my neck, opened my jaw wide, and brought it down mightily into my mouth.\nKathryn looked around, a touch embarrassed, and then began furiously laughing.
I think between 3 of us, we had 3 baskets....
If you're a pizza fanatic - it's worth making a much lengthier trek.\""\n\nfull review with pictures on my site
The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!
If the readonly and readwrite entities do not share relationships, the easiest solution is to put each group in their own configuration and then have separate stores.
It couldve been an honest mistake, but I still felt that she should have mention this to me earlier.
However, when I then pass this reference to ArrayLists indexOf(); method, it returns -1.
The crabcakes had almost no filler and were jumbo lump crabmeat.
My favorite pizza is the Shadyside special.
All the while you spend most of your time trying not to throw yourself off balance with a misplaced swing and land yourself in the hospital with a concussion.
I had the oyster sandwich, clam chowder, and calamari.
For my entree I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with Cajun Fries and my husband had the London Broil Sandwich.
Classroom Central is an awesome organization helping students in underprivileged schools get school supplies they desperately need.
Having gone through that station at least few times a day during my college days - I never once realize there was a gallery above the station.\n\nSince last year's gallery crawl - I've gone there few times including during this year's gallery crawl.
It can be a little on the pricey side but it is worth it.
Instead of pulling back a 1000 rows of data, why not make 2 sql calls?
The BBQ is great for groups and seats 4 people for each grill.
I found a small, command line tool ( gittup.org/tup ) that says it infers dependencies by monitoring file access.
So you can get the same qaulity and a little less pricey.
\n\nBe wary, the weekends can be a madhouse here and the parking lot gets tricky because of it's size.
It's fairly obvious when you see an endless line of platters on the wall highlighting those who have had 200 or more different beers...
Edit: I tried on a Nexus Player, and the fonts were rendering just fine.
\n- Wine list: heavy on great napa/sonoma ones so of course we approved ;-) \n- Atmosphere: small comfortable dining room.
If you want to use pickle you can use the and functions.
Being an outsider to Pittsburgh, I wasn't expecting much before we walked into Harris Grill.
matches anything but a whitespace, according to .
It's another great place when you want to change it up with your lunch options!
I will visit this place again!
It turned out a lot better the second time.
I am not sure how important this is as I know quite often that object deallocs are not called on app teardown as they will be cleared when the app exits anyway.
I used similar client.json and rabbitmq.json config files (inside /etc/sensu/conf.d) on my other sensu-clients (copied ssl certificates).
Locking is platform and device specific, but generally, you have a few options: use flock(), or equivilent (if your os supports it).
What is more sad is that many of those times were likely while I walked into Subway across the street on a Tuesday afternoon to drop $5 on a Veggie Delight.
Fast enough, and you can lose 1 second of data if there is a disaster.
My understanding, according to is that function return values that return value types the size of pointers should indeed show the return values when called in the Autos window.
You must get the fried zucchini!
\n\nNothing on the menu looked very exciting, and it seemed like everything cost a dollar or two more than I would have expected.
I was equally impressed with the size of the scallops.
Extra pickles, please.\n\nI went back to campus a few years ago and found they had expanded - it's a little disconcerting, but at least the food is still the same.
Many other places try to awkwardly replace meat with tofu and end up failing.
They don't sell any plastic lenses.
Fun, unique atmosphere (hippie / indy / hipster / whatever these kids are calling it these days).
This will set , then call on the element.
Some old candy rests within the glass case that hasn't been touched for year and a cool old cash register rest atop.
You are trying to access an array that is not initialized.
I usually go for the hippie or turkey burger with potato salad.\n\nI am still working towards my name being emblazoned on the wall...
\n\nFor starters, they had an assortment of small biscuit sandwiches that looked like mini-ham sandwiches.
Or (less good because of the intermediate object created):
For this to work a PDB needs to exist with the debug symbols, this is created by default with debug build.
For the small space that the store occupies, they sure do know how to jam pack all racks and shelves to the maximum.\n\nI was greeted almost right away as soon as I walked in the door.
In there create a partial class of the same name (in the same namespace) as the generated code and add the property to this.
If you like cooking, tea, and/or coffee, you should go there.
For example in my application I have Login and Register pages which are using unauthTemplate.
If you're in the mood for it, it's pretty tasty.
Not super decadent but that's good because it was a HUGE portion.
image - highlight the cell in your Main.storyboard 2.
You can do it on event.
\n\nWas passing through - I live in Chicago where I understand establishments charge $$$ when dining out, but didn't think I'd see it in Wisconsin.
I shop at Common Ground because their organic produce is really great when it's on sale.
The command line tools are the replacement.
In method , you use the declaration of .
Take me out to the ballgame!
DVCSes allow you to create lots of mini-branches and isolate new features while still doing red-gree-refactor checkin on green style of coding.
As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience.
He didn't enjoy his drink too much and i offered for him to try mine because it was delish!
Ok, so I went here with my host and we decided to strategize.
So I tried: With still the same output.
so you can get bidness done.\n\nLunch buffet was so-so.
And then you start to think, \""Hey, maybe that was better than ok, since I'm still thinking about it...\""\n\nIt's kind of like a movie that you're luke warm on, until you realize that you're still thinking about the movie two days later, and then you're like, \""Actually, I guess the movie was better than I thought, because I'm still thinking about it two days later.\"" \n\nYeah, this place is kind of like that.
Try the standard Monday night Pint Night or Trivia through out the week.
If you want to get rid of that value, just do this: That will work even if the param is the first one (?stepvars=...)
Works fine on ios7 and cordova 3.5 and android 4.4 I'm not even using any plugins such as inappbrowser, just in case you have that doubt.
How many variables do you create, and of what size?
However, as others have pointed out, this only tracks Ubuntu users and Canonical (Ubuntu) uses and recommends bzr (sample bias).
How to log into git bitbucket repository from jenkins I have a GIT repository on bitbucket, which I want my Jenkins Server to access automatically.
That's okay in hindsight, but it still sucks to be hurting and waiting an hour for a bed in the ER.\n\nThe staff that helped us was excellent.
(No, that does NOT mean I drink too much.)\n\nTheir beer garden is roomy and secluded, with the bar on one side, and an ivy-coated wall on the other, dampening noise.
I reserved a city sky view room on the 18th Floor with twin beds.
The ambiance upstairs was great though the cover band was loud so we chose to sit outside.
It's a video store....with movie lovers working there..and something ALWAYS playing on the t.v.s..don't take it personal.
For those early adapting people on the CofeeScript era, here's another equivalent for it.
I took my two cats to Dr.
It's not your traditional deep fried style but a light tempura batter that tastes like sweet and sour shrimp.
Is working fine for me, please check the following code: $('input').bind('click mouseup mousedown', function(event) { // some code for a click event }); Best
Wouldn't it be clearer, if the data class would have methods for reading and writing to the database?
respondent Ghi and Jkl I would really appreciate a hand here.
I set up my datepicker: Where '2016-04-28' is a string that could vary when loaded.
You might set to true on your control / form.
Make sure you are using the models distributed with the 3.3.1 tagger.
The servers are so nice and accommodating.
We would then take the requests off the queue and call the auditing endpoint logging the responses.
from Park Ridge, IL--I didn't wipe out this time!).\n\nI decided to spend the entire day at the Carnegie, and believe me it was worth it!
Thank you all for your comments.
cant get values printed in to a file Iam trying to pass the value stored in the variable fieldCSV to file data.csv...Ive used javascript and php to do this..
In short, I owe Cafe Zinho an apology.
They delivered to three different locations for us on the morning of the wedding, and Jim personally pinned the boutonnieres on the groomsmen and handed the bouquets to the bridesmaids, and gave us buckets of water to refresh them with during the photos and had Tim meet us at the ceremony to trim the stems right before we walked down the aisle so the flowers would look their best.
But, as many features of my new product versions are inherited from the previous versions, I feel that I can make use of my existing Selenium RC code.
The latter is under cover and looks like it would be cool and comfortable on a nice warm day.\n\nOur server was knowledgeable even if he looked like he just rolled off the futon.
So good that one of my girlfriends ordered a side to take home!
Hopefully this will work for other people having similar problems (also for the OP if the problem still wasn't resolved after these years).
I explored more and discovered it happens in every exe file.
So my question is: Is it possible to retrieve data from the app store?
They are very good, especially the dinner special.
I'm not even a vegetarian and this one of my favorite places to go over and over!
I don't know of any other jeweler with a loyalty or marketing program like Helzberg.
a immutable type such as a sequence of tuples.
And I load the object into it as: Hive Script, File to load into the table.
I really enjoyed the food at this place however the service could use a little work.
In a current project I created a delegate protocol to communicate between two controller: SelectNoteViewController (Select) and EditNoteViewController (Edit).
Lots of people run old drivers.
It's dark wood, exposed brick, ornate lighting and the like...
for example if some parts of the dll are only present in a debug build.
Hide the text on a button in android?
And in spite of having a HUGE kosher section they do not carry Empire brand frozen chicken fat (schmaltz).
Other stores carry the same stuff but for much, much more, and it's hard to find all the stuff that the Basement carries in one spot.
As far as RFC 3986 is concerned, is a sub-delimiting character, therefore if a server receives a query string like this: and parses it to the following key-value pairs: it is behaving correctly.
Indoors is open year-round and has 2 pools, one for fitness and the other for fun.
I think you're thinking at too low of a level.
Also worth mentioning are the spicy basils stir fry, the spicy basil noodles, and the three flavor chicken.
That would admittedly suck if you were on a tight connx.
The mac n cheese dog I had was just ok, but the Mason Dixon with its slaw and chili was killer.
We also tried the sweet potato gnocchi.
Best Chinese food I've had in nc since moving from NYC.
Also, as your compiler warnings indicate, nothing is being returned by the function even though it's declared to do so.
A lounge with free drinks every evening.
You also have to update the merged cell references and the hyperlinks references as well.
But when I want to move to a different fragment when you click on the menu item, then IDE writes that there is no method getSupportFragmentManager ().
\n\nFor a cheap, giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day.
So, if it's stored in a , you could convert it to a with this code: You could try to convert that value to a by calling the constructor that takes a value, but the results would be meaningless.
My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!
They always have a few good drafts on top of the normal college bar cheap, watered down stuff.
\n\nJason H is right, these are some of the nicest people you'll meet with loads of info to help you do it right the second time.
I'm sorry but you're a nurse, how the hell do you work here and not have ANY advice to give me?
I get no problems when I insert ':String?' right after valueString as shown below:
I modified my Spring Data JPA Repository to look like the following (note the modification from finding by encounter.encounterId vs.
With so many beers on tap, I had no clue which to try first!
Watch multi camera replays on the Panthers mobile app using wifi.
You can't go wrong w/their signature dishes, that's a no-brainer.
I wish we had a place like Michael's even half as good in Minneapolis.\n\nEvery single time I have frozen custard it tastes like butter and, while some may find that awesome, it happens to make my gag reflex go crazy.
@DSM pointed out that this is likely a homework question, so I apologize for misreading.
Sample Code Im using android studio and tried starting it over and over.
The way I see it, the general answer is probably " it depends ".
operations with a proper batch size don't get in the way of other clients, you can just retrieve your records a couple of thousand at a time, and after a few calls you've got everything.
\n\nSeared rare tuna - Almost 2 inches thick, and totally rare on the inside, with a crust of sesame seeds.
Here is the link to the app I am working on.
\n\nSo - visit this Cracker Barrel without fear.
The food was about the same as the bar back home too.
I have never had to wait more than five minutes unless I was waiting for someone.
You're writing the updated document text to but then not doing anything with it.
The womens restroom has a bathroom attendant and is very clean
Each one was better than the next.
Been here for ages - huge YMCA with a lot of activities going on.
\n\nThe staff are polite and quick.
This variable cannot be assigned a new value such as (a = b).
See String.split() For question 1: iterate over the array comparing each string with your keyword .
And they also have a board with pictures and descriptions of available dogs from the local shelters they can bring in.
Is it possible to change the min-height of Google+ comment on Blogger?
Depending on how you are terminating , you'd need something in the order of which will prepend to your existing path as you appear to exepect for the duration of that particular CMD session.
Stepping into Klavon's does give me a feeling of stepping back in time.
then on localhost if you want your mod_rewrite work you should pass it to your project address, before all above thing, you should check your mode_Rewire be enable redirect: or to
We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location.
Once my project is created and configured, I don't know where to start.
great place to just look around, but they serve food too.
The almond torte is too die for!
I get it, it's a me problem.\n\nWith that said, the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star).
How can I limit the results extracted by a query in Acces?
Oh yeah and if you were wondering it only cost about half of what other shops in the area were wanting for a similar piece and time.
It's been years since I ate there.
This creates a row for every color or tag that matches a color or tag assigned to the @target_id_theme, orders them by count descending, and gives you the top 5.
They had them up to my room in no time at all.\nThe lobby is grand but a little confused in style.
We came here to see the play \""You say Tomato I Say Shut Up!\"" and what fun we had!
\n\nThe service was excellent - our waiter was totally on point and had a great personality, and we made excellent recommendations - I'll get to that in a minute.
How can I get to know what is the proper bean?
but is there a better way?
I've been wanting to try this place for sometime and Restaurant Week was a perfect time to do it!\n\nMy friends and I made reservations for 7:30, when we arrived they greeted us and said they were just waiting for our table to be cleared and to hang out at the bar until it was ready.
I usually\nchoose the hot one (different strokes).
The design was exactly what I asked for (I emailed them pictures of Hungarian embroidery designs) and the colors were vibrant and just perfect!
Now the cluster won't start and when I try to move the data file to a new system and start it, there are inconsistencies in the data files and PG_VERSIONs are varied between 9.3 and 9.4.
When I bit into it I tasted the smokiness of the grill and it was nice and juicy.
You get a frozen mimosa (and it's not overly sweet or weak; actually tastes like a frozen mimosa) or bloody mary with the $15 all you can eat brunch.
The cells are reused in iOS, so you need to make sure you properly unhook handlers and reset state when a cell is reused.
generate random value of longitude (use uniform distribution).
It explains as without actually serving the purpose of a callback .
Almost everything is local, except for Starbucks and the Beef O'Brady's (which is a locally owned franchise).
I'm grateful to have this place just around the corner and will NEVER go to the HD again.
Or wrap your SOAPUI Test inside a JUnit test method, and add standard java code at end to check regexs.
Decent restaurant with plenty of fishes, seafood and chicken on menu.
Speaking of which, they are some of the most cheerful people I've ever seen working retail.\n\nI bought a pedestal sink from them with a faucet attached for $30, and I've repainted our bathroom with \""oops\"" paint that cost me about $5.
4 now) and used this space for a new Laundramat and a dog wash station, which i hear is one of the only ones in the Madison area.
Nick our server was very kind to us!
\n\nSlightly expensive for what it was but whatevs.
Adding a Handler Didn't Help Other resources, like this one (at the bottom of MP's home page) , suggest adding this line to system.webServer.handlers in web.config.
A half-pound of quality beef, crisp bacon, bleu cheese, grilled mushrooms and onions, all served on a fresh-baked bun....well worth $9.50 and the month that mother probably took off my life.
At the moment it is quite simple.
especially if you have children- there are a lot of things to do.
I hope that answers your question.
You feel like you are transformed into a new place.
Because flash[] is an array you could delete element inside it.
Fire up firebug and see if you're actually getting Javascript sent down the wire.
It seems that this might be caused because the underscore is displayed past the line-height of the element.
In this case the above regular expression pattern is not working, as it matches the two shortcodes as one, starting from to as a single shortcode.
does not round -- it finds the floor (truncates the fractional part).
I love the \""shows\"" put on in the back of the club on Leather and Lace nights.
I come here a few times a week to work, and the free wifi and spacious seating are much appreciated.
She was perfect: friendly, professional, and gave me the exact cut and color that I asked for.
There is also no Remote Debugger, no support for creating Setup Files (well, that does not apply to ASP.net anyway), no real Publish Web Site Feature (although that can be added manually as it's just a Frontend for a SDK tool), no integrated Unit testing (and Microsoft loves to threaten people who add it), etc.
\n\nThe pizza was still hot and extremely GOOD - we even offered his nurse a piece and she gladly acceptedl.
When I saw others put three $$$ for price on here, I don't agree.
A digital signature is a special type of form field.
I get a previous record from the database, instantiate a new entity to add by using the previous record's data, except I increment the report number by 1.
Ideas about web browser in Qt using GSM/GPRS modem I have successfully interfacted Telit GL 865 GSM/GPRS modem to my Atmel microprocessor.
How the arguments are passed, how the system call is invoked, and what the system call numbers mean are all architecture- and kernel-specific.
Proguard does not obfuscate gui components I would like to use ProGuard to obfuscate my Android app.
Bathrooms clean and easy to navigate around the terminals.
from @mplungjan comments The difference is, 1.meta tags are not reads after page load 2.event handlers
My only regret was not packing liquor, I guess next trip I will.
Most of the ingredients come from local farms and food suppliers, and I really liked they even gave them credit on the menu, the first time I have ever seen that in a restaurant (shouldn't they deserve at least as much credit as the chef?
Just like that: I modified your code a little, so there is difference between first level submenu and other levels.
\n\nThe staff is very friendly and they remembered us from the first time we were there.
The service was exquisite, friendly and fun.
Everything is always tasty, the people who work at Rusty's are always incredibly sweet and it's overall a great experience.
Other than that, they are great!
Clarification: I understand that if the elements are inserted into the DOM, it behaves as expected.
Update: when thinking a bit more, I realized that you can easily remove one of the calls: Disclaimer: this solution will always keep the value "A-B" over "B-A", regardless of the order in which the appear in the original sequence.
By the looks of a comment you left in another answer given (to the effect of getting the same error message), it sounds like you need to escape the entered data, including which is a contributing factor.
On the other hand, the workload to build a Hadoop cluster and find or build suitable data loading tool from MySQL to Hadoop might be a huge workload.
The decor of the restaurant has been updated a bit over time.
All new machines, therefore clothes come out smelling and looking great.
just a little salt and pepper!
You got the point right, you see the magic here?
You're returning a pointer to a local array, which is destroyed when the function returns.
Comes with 2 pieces, but you can order a third.\n\nCrab Cakes - Didn't even think I liked crab, and this was good.
I put my article excerpt for the homepage in a well, .
It carries everything from value (Sentry Brands) to premium version of products.
I ordered chicken and 2 sides.
Hopefully our little guy starts getting better soon, we're awfully worried about him!
Service at the bar was very prompt and friendly despite them being very busy.
Simplexml only shows first array elements even with children() method I'm using PHP 5.6.
But pushing separate folders/files - I'm pretty certain that's not possible: it rather goes against git's requirement that a commit be an atomic entity.
I bought their Pumpkin Spice coffee & brought it to my son's house there to brew.
Was immediately greeted by Cooper, the host and owner's son.
The exhibit itself was amazing, but it was presented in a really cool way--Discovery Place has great space.
The problem is that after converting the comparisons are off, sometimes the result is correct sometimes it's not.
But when it meets the crust and pepperoni or the \""out of this world sausage\"" ...
The real problem is in fact that counting the max of a column in a selection requires that a selection already be made.
Thanks for any help - much appreciated.
If you need my html code, just ask but it is just a normal link with href=url.
They are most well known for their beautiful, upscale bedding.
There was no flavor and most dishes seemed to be watered down.
I would recommend Sandy's services to anyone who wants to look fabulous.
The buffalo chicken dip disappeared within minutes as it was better than any buffallo chicken dip any of us have had at a restaurant.
\nPlenty of parking garages in the vicinity so not a far walk once parked downtown.
Our favorite thing to eat here, though, are the Carolina Honey Bites off the appetizer menu.
Without seeing more of your model it's hard to tell what might cause the error.
This way, we don't need to find job's actual tube and can save concurrency issues, specially in my case.
The coconut curries served in ceramic pots are all delicious.
However, my problem is that on a mouse over of the video, I have the controls come up and when I do a seek or scrub on the video, I get little weird boxes that show over the video - like little pockets - of the video playing super fast (you can basically see it seeking) until it gets to the point it needs to be at and then these little boxes disappear.
\n\nThe flavors are different and varried but they have a huge selection for you to try out.\n\nI got the Bronx which was pretty awesome.\n\nI will have to stop by again and try there other items on the menu whichever looked and smelled great.
My mouth is watering while I write this.
I have been using Enterprise at CLT for years (mom lives there).
It's hard to say which components you can reuse and how you can reuse without having seen the API :) I'd probably start by pointing the client directly at the new API and inspecting what breaks.
When I ordered a \""10\"" on the spicy scale, he asked if I wanted \""American 10\"" or \""Indian 10\"".
The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.
And boy do I wish I heard about this place 10 years ago!
I've also managed to add the fields that I wanted to that entity (which proved to be more difficult than I originally anticipated), but wasn't able to eliminate the sample fields without creating an error, so I've left them there.
I would recommend trying to visit them at off times.
So glad we decided to stop by here!
try this its working I've tested this code HTML code
Time Warner over AT&T any day of the year...
I've tried stubbing the and using a spy to verify if the method is called, but the implementation of that method has dependencies / external calls that are hard to mock.
One slow but clear way would be You can make this quicker by turning the into a dictionary and using instead.
\n\nThe great thing is that you can pay $5 as a county resident for single visits.
And when I look at the solution so far, it is way off the one intended (I know so because I created a minimum vector).
So I got me a regular dog loaded up with all the goodies, fries, and a drink.
I got it to work by doing this: but keep in mind that this will not work for you as soon as you have dynamic content.
GET : Retrieve a representation of the entry specified by the url.
So It will be easy for you to begin with Swing.
They do have a good selection of wine & beer, so you're not always (forced to be) drinking the same thing.\n\n**Another bonus: Dog Friendliness\nIf you have a dog, he/she is welcome to hang out amongst the peoples.
I also heard no complaints about the black & white ice cream sandwich (dark chocolate cookies, white chocolate cheesecake ice cream, peppermint sabayon, pomegranate molasses), though it sounds like too much for me.
But I don't want to give back slash every time Currently I am doing something like this.
Your code should run in background in order to be responsive..
There isn't unfortunately a nice frictionless first party implementation of a Virtualbox provider but you could try this third party Virtualbox provider .
seems to be linked with native library provided by Apple.
It sounds wacky but the pecans really go with the blackened catfish.
In the end I decided on a single scoop of ice cream in a cone - how boring.
Files listed in above link is enough to import framework.
On entry, you are immediately hit with food smells.
So kindly do help me to understand this in the situation that I'm facing right now and to make use of the available options wisely.
This bar is unlike every other bar in shadyside.
Is there something wrong with my syntax?
I stayed here one night while in town for a job interview.
hibernate with annotations in java, exception at runtime I am new to hibernate and I'm creating a sample program with hibernate annotations.
Although they don't take reservations (at least not this weekend, maybe because of the holiday) our party of 11 was sat together rather quickly at 8:30.
In C a value of 0 means false and any other means true.
I took a chair at the end, sat, leaned back, and rapped my knuckles against the abrasive texture of the mud-red stucco.
I am in the market for collectible books and they had so many books, that I could not see them all in this trip.
I was instructed how to add this functionality in a previous post - but when I attempt to add fields for the timepicker data the entire app closes (and of course does not save the data) I was instructed (by the user above) to use the following: use following for saving date as text //sample date format - 2013-03-21 13:12:00 The first half of which I've implemented (I believe).
Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx.
The choice has been restricted to metrics with type (4.0) then relaxed to include types and in later versions (4.3).
You can check the following video to obtain additional détails Note: This is free until 100,000 transactions per month.
A great salon experience in Pittsburgh.
\n\nThe owner is indeed a character, and he more or less ordered for one of us.
Valet parking is $22 a day.
I open dialog, in tab, I select in , then klik Ok.
How do I get such a URL.
As the waitress submitted our order to the chef, he said, \""we don't serve desert at 5.\"" Anyway, we got our sweet tooth satisfied along with some tea for an hr.
My suspicion is that it's probably a part of the GTK implementation, possibly related to the act that password fields are typically 'hidden'.
BTW, you might -and probably should- use mkfifo(3) instead (or, in a shell script or terminal, the mkfifo(1) command).
Actually I want to run a machine learning algorithm as a socket program which i want to access by the web client.
My go to dishes are the London broil entree and the what it is.
For example: It's not entirely clear what you are trying to achieve but the above will resize the image for you.
As far as I know, the only way to work on a HIT is through the mTurk website.
Other than that, haven't really done any of the tours or horseback riding, but a great place for an outing with the kids!
I found that the Invoice resource was returning a type which ng-tables doesn't like.
This could be a default config file or some other resource.
And adding to every test doesn't look proper.
i don't know if its possible to do it without an equijoin operation.
My location Logger Service class does not provide me with updated informations about my location.
One example that happened to me was a sales order that had shipped and the invoice was paid, but the sales order still wasn't done.
unable to get correct layout Following is the layout of app.
You will need this information later to deal with any questions on the order.
They also don't have any documentation and I'm trying to avoid spending all my time on a forum asking questions about how to use their library.
In that case it is easy to figure out how many maximum nodes you octree might have(usually its a geometric progression sum).
When auto completing a class I wrote it gets stuck in "Searching..." and when auto completing a library or external JAR method javacomplete spits hundreds of errors making it impossible to use.
Unfortunately, GADTs do not support automatic , so you will need to provide your own instances, such as:
You can change your controller into a service ( and ) and then inject that service.
But it’s probably better not to rely on that conversion without reading the compiler documentation.
Something told me to be adventuresome when my first choice for lunch was closed for the day.
Several times a year, however, we always make a point of visiting Pittsburgh, especially right before Christmas.
his equipment is first class, and he will help you with anything.
I'm not sure if you can do this in Ruby, but doing it like this in Jquery may work.
I have eaten take out from here at least 10 times and have yet to be disappointing.
Without hopefully having to go into all the options and issues, does anyone have or know of a solid routing solution that is simple and just works for a React Redux combination?
(They do have table seating if you want to tuck into some food in a more serious manner.) \n\nThey've added more charging ports in waiting areas now so that's a convenience.
Orders may appear on multiple invoices (if they don't pay right aways which is common).
I highly advise picking up a book on object-oriented programming (and in particular, one written for the C# language) and going through the examples.
\n\nCoconut cream pie, you make my booty more bootylicious.
exists exclusively to parse assertions, it will ignore everything else.
One of the best grilled cheese around, with bacon and tomato.
We sampled everything from soup to salad and Korean BBQ ribs.
We waited about 20 minutes for a reservation to be ready.
All is well until we reach the point where we handle the alert dismissal.
Suggestion for solving fragile pattern matching I often need to match a tuple of values that should have the same constructor.
And as previously mentioned, none of the devices available to me can reproduce the problem.
To do so, you must put it in quotes.
How to add item to array?
Fac is an abbreviation for Facility.
You shouldn't be mocking at that level.
There really isn't a bad seat in the house...
Also note that I do not want to use the controller to pass the text, it has to stay within the directive as I want to re-use it.
This along with the delicious bread was perfect.\n\nBefore I left I glanced at the menu again, and even though I was stuffed, I found my mouth watering over things like Oven Fried Feta, Shrimp and Avocado Brushetta, and some amazing sounding pasta dishes.\n\nThis chain has changed a lot over the years.
The cocktails were excellent, overall it was good but not anything that I am dying to go back for.
The price seemed pretty reasonable too.
How do I use the same shell till the app is closed?
You need to use a filter file, a filter file can say what file patterns to include, exclude among other things...
But if you just want a snack...well, be ready to take a minute to stop by an ATM first, if your bank is nearby.
If it has been upgraded to a sale the server responds back with the new Sales Order ID and my old Pending Sales Order ID (SourceID).
Every bite was enjoyable and again the medium spice was perfect.
The HTML looks like this: How do you know which object you're updating Create an function in the directive that is bound to 'ng-blur scope.task`, which you can send off to your server to save.
I have found the best way to regain syntax coloring is just to quit Xcode and re-launch it.
After battling several infections in the molar, and months of pain, I ultimately had to have that tooth removed, as well.
Good, honest food, at a fair price, made by cheerful folk.
Any help would be greatly appreciated
My issues really began when I started to try to create and maintain entities.
R.; if I smashed my face against the window and looked to the right out of my one opened eye, I could see a view of the Allegheny River and PNC Park.
Though with the melted butter...\n3.0 - Beef Ribs\n0.5 - swordfish: dry and tough\n2.5 - tuna\n\n1.5 - Service: Can be quite bad a lot of the times, probably because of how busy they are.\n2.0 - Value
How can i achieve this ?
Mayby u know, the best way to execute .bat file in C#.
Good Indian food and a great value for lunch.
In the H5 modem's Reference Guide, it states the command format is What effect would that be if I leave the APN field blank?
I was greeted by a very friendly lady who look my name and information and handed me a ticket.
All profits go to a women's shelter which means minimal buyers remorse...hell yess!!!
The octal number system is base 8, consisting of the digits 0 through 7.
\n\nI also enjoyed a slice of the chocolate silk pie.
I've been to the Pineville location before.
I really, really, really wanted to eat the entire thing but was too embarrassed.
Location is a bit difficult should you not be familiar with the area.
The sweet bisquits are a nice way to end the meal, served piping hot and covered in powdered sugar; although ordering them serperate is recommended as the baked beans and fries are a must have!!
And how do I purge the cached result when needed?
It is so good, with each ingredient having its own place in the dish.
I used WMI to do this, found an example on the web, and this is what it looked like.
In wicket 1.4, it was done by .
Matter of fact I'm eating the side of bacon mashed potatoes this morning as I write this review.\n\nI did think that it might be hard to come here if you don't eat meat because the menu on this Friday night was meat-tastic.
The one on South Tryon is closer to me, so Ive been only to this location.
Marashi recommended that the procedure be done at CMC-Pineville instead of his office, just in case she had a reaction to the anesthesia or had problems breathing.
Hot d*mn, you must order this delicious piece of meat.
They are undergoing a change to their rewards program, be VERY careful that they moved your rewards over, I am missing a LOT of drinks.
} This is my adapter code.
Good cocktails.\n\nI think many entrees are overpriced, but they are good.
you may check here: and make sure that all files in Plugins/Android are set to Android here
BackgroundWorker.ReportProgress Method (Int32, Object) (System.ComponentModel) Walkthrough: Multithreading with the BackgroundWorker Component (C# and Visual Basic) How to: Run an Operation in the Background
AndroidViewClient: junk after document element I tried to take dump on Samsung S6.
I'm assuming not since it wouldn't be able to instantiate any instances of this class when reconstituting a Tag entity from the db.
Continues Video Recording using OpenCv with Multiple Web cams.
THEY DO HAVE A REAL CHINESE MENU, but you'll need to ask for it.
You want a dynamic list of files(.txt,.tpl,.htm,.json), to avoid a change in JS source code to add more files.
The service was excellent helping us find exactly what we were looking for.
My original code: Thank you very much!
should we allocate memory for static variable using ?
The Windows Azure fabric controller will walk the upgrade domains, taking 1 upgrade domain down to change the VM sizes, and then moving on to the next.
You're running into a problem generated by Registry redirection .
This was our first time eating here.
I was bit apprehensive about this experience since it is so difficult to go to a new place and the barber/stylist not know what you want.
Does Brain tree offer a solution that makes this possible as I see it is with Paypal Adaptive Payments Just looking for a quick link to the documentation.
I'd rather buy shoes with the $50 extra dollars and they have a light free breakfast, is not fancy but you can catch a bagel and orange juice so u Dont leave with an empty stomach!
If you like this pizza try Osso's in Washington PA.
For others looking for a method to handle special parameters, one method is that you can use a to process the parameter values for you, then add the CompilerPass to your Bundle's build method, this way your container will build and cache the SoapClient.
Would be glad to get some help.
Too bad most of Pittsburgh doesn't really learn to love culture.\n\nUsually good music acts here.
This requires some insight of timestep granularity, initial velocity/acceleration of the bodies and kind of forces the bodies are dealing with.
A little research turned up Walter's 42 5-star reviews, so I thought I'll give them a try.
It's decided that I will support only 6/9 screen ratio (other screens will get black borders).
Why make your liver work harder than it already has to.
I asked for no walnuts and a nice surprise as well was the fact that there were craisins in the wrap too.
I previously went to this location a couple years ago for a tux and had a good experience.
my new favorite is the capicola and egg.
There was one cooked course - a buttery soft fillet of cod that simply melted in the mouth.\n\nThe culinary delights continued with desserts.
Our server was excellent and kept the drinks coming and I was extremely impressed by their craft beer selection.
I tried using display: block; but that only works for the width, not for the height
It's not clear it actually runs.
There is also baked cod, walleye, blue gill and shrimp to choose from.
Little dingy, especially the underground section.
— Otherwise, if either operand is double, the other shall be converted to double.
Bar is fun for friendly gathering for some sake bombs!
doesn't look like it's anything to do with Apple Swift.
Implement a custom and use it for reading the XML.
\n\nThe end.\n\nAlright that was the short version for those with an inability to read more than a few lines...
The staff are plentiful and friendly.
Is there a way to prevent roles from creating new Organizations?
And the black bleeds through to the front.
I have written a couple of definitions in a single class that are called from a Main to perform certain tasks.
(and ) does the necessary looping for you.
The slash isn't required after the dot and this then will also eliminate the possible accident of typing .
It's a wordpress site, so if there is already a plugin that can do this I'd be happy to know which (without asking the visitor for permissions to a facebook app).
We LOVE CoffeeWorks - they roast their own beans at a warehouse in Matthews and have a terrific selection of different roasts.
Do the owners have a right to close down when it's bar time, indeed.
...Which would be a nice place to spend eternity.) Thai iced tea is really good, too.
You see we were looking at eating it there and they have no tables.
As the pattern repeats, would be set to until the final match of
We keep coming here and having a great time!
It was pretty empty; a few early drinkers at the bar and a few couples seated at tables.
It had just the right amount of pumpkin flavor and was not overpowering.
\n\nFor a mere $6.15 I got a filling home cooked or rather church cooked lunch.
Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well.
The error is raised once for each combo, but only the first time it is expanded.
crontab of device - it's impossible.
Initialize a class property Is there a way to initialize a PHP class property from another class property?
It's methods will be preferred over standard arrays' methods.
I only order this dish, no matter where I eat Pho at.
My room was clean and comfortable.
They serve food until late-night, so get your grease-intake to fight off tomorrow's hangover before cabbing it home.
You can get the checkbox control value as And iterate through the values as
They were staying right near the Epi Center so most of the bars and restaurants in the guide where there.
Beware of having non-standard ACM drivers installed.
Just didn't hit the spot for me.
They first said I returned the car late and then after I explained the situation and offered to send the photo I took that demonstrates the clock discrepancy, they gave me a 'one-time courtesy' and I'm now ~75 dollars richer.
Clean, Tidy, and promp with service and hospitality.
Try this: worked on python 3.5
godep save collect all the dependency files for you.
When we walked in we were all really excited to be there and try it, and she was just kind of \""meh.\"" Also, the location is probably the least desirable of any restaurant I've been to in Madison, but that's more relative to where you live or how you feel about certain neighborhoods.\n\nOverall, worth a try and probably one of the better BBQs as far as Madison goes.
The code I have so far is posted below.
Remove all styles from dynamic label in asp.net I have a label and I got some text from database.
How to use random class in multi threaded application correct I need to use random class to generate random numbers in a multi threaded application inside public static function.
is not syntactically correct, that's why you get an error.
They had a band that was playing ridiculously loudly until well past midnight.
Even a brunch attendee native to Germany agreed with me on that.\n\nThe staff is friendly and attentive (even though we were difficult and changed tables!) and the decor is entertaining.
This is a bit old but I'm trying to find the same myself.
Hence can't be used as a condition to actually select rows to be evaluated.
I tried decompiling a straight query(first time I have looked at the low level code) and I can't quite translate it.
Food was amazing and all made from scratch!!
Although @Sam's suggestions will work fine in most scenarios, I actually prefer using the supplied in for this: I consider this to be a slightly more fool-proof approach, as the will take into account any header views that may potentially be added using .
In the above link it is using the command sass --watch app/sass:public/stylesheets But you can also do it with grunt or gulp
The HTML search form will contain text fields, many select dropdowns and some checkboxes.
Great location downtown Charlotte, nice menu and wonderful Hand Crafted Beer Selection.\n\nSports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too.
I know lstrcpy is used for string copy for both unicode and ascii, But I can not use lstrncpy, because I can't find the head file.
\n\nNot too hard on the wallet either.\n\nA solid lunch choice.
XAML Declaration and inside the cs
Most of us got the Gourmet Cheeseburger and it was delicious!
That's where Christian Bale sat on Thursday!\"" said our sweet waitress to my husband.
Eliminate that and it should work as expected.
For example, when converting bytes into String using new String(byte[]), the default encoding is used to convert bytes to String.
The baked fish is my favorite.
As the error message states, it cannot resolve the interface definition.
Don't pass up a chance to eat here!
\n\nThere is other stuff on the menu but stick with the burgers.
Comfort food in its best form: not expensive,\nand competitive with other local BBQ joints, even famous ones.
Whats not to like about a place where the food is not only cheap but also delicious?
I am a HUGE fan of the Flying Saucer brand.
go to Mardis Gras.\n\nTheir drinks are military grade weapons, that is how strong they are.
It sucks this place is uptown or else I would be a regular.
Was what you intended to achieve.
I had the similar problem, I did the same as you have done and was getting 404 error for the PNG.
The external library can't be change.
My Mom had a chicken dish, smothered in onions and gravy which she liked.
If this is a general-use application, I'd "optimize for users" rather than performance.
The first parameter is the accumulated object.
I ordered a Full Pint Festivus draft, which is a great brown ale from a brewery in North Versailles that I've heard wonderful things about.
On a busy lunch day, it's not uncommon for them to have 15 things going at once, and they keep track of what's what via...broken french fries.
The craft beer selection is excellent.
You could try omitting the copies and just doing something like this:
\n\nI do recall that the very last time I ate here was with a dear friend and two of her British colleagues, and we had ourselves a grand ol' time.
The customers seem to be a nice mix between students, locals, and artists.
The following example: Will give you the following result: If you're using the earlier version of Oracle, you can consider alternative solutions ( like this one ).
The drinks will punch you in the face, if that weird looking guy next to you won't.
This does not come with any vegetables.
Provide a check in your AppDelegate like so: Then, by including in , you can call this method upon successful registration/login:
It came fast and was oh so good!
Lots of beers on tap, served by the liter and half liter.
She will offer you some delicious Greek Tea (you have to try it) and take your order, cook it and then serve it to you.
Note that if you access you'll still get all of that product's categories (lazily-loaded).
It should work fine if you remove the at the end.
It's a mecca of kooky gifts, books, cards, calendars, tshirts, jewelry, candles...
I would like to set startAt as an number.
Or is it just a shadow?
Websocket protocol helps maintain full duplex connection between server and client.
MYSQL - ON DUPLICATE KEY does not update I having been having the worst luck with updating and inserting into a database.
The preparation and quality of the fish is so far superior to any sushi restaurant in the area.
For under $8 (in South Park, that's nothing), I was served two eggs, two potato pancakes, three pancakes and three turkey sausage links.
Also, it may not be possible to apply them in all situations.
I want to have the list items with the same first letter be grouped together or at least having the small first letter beneath the capitalized and not like it is initially first having a list ob capitalized names and the following the list of small first letters.
I moved my tblk file to the desktop and then it was able to add it.
it's gone up from last year but they have almost doubled in size so I can't complain here.
So that part can be maintained in the repository without any redundancy.
The bathroom had a big Jacuzzi tub and a large duel-head shower.
I'm not a big fan of carrying orange juice up hills in the rain, but I think it would be worth it to not have to attempt to park in that insane asylum known as the giant eagle parking lot.\n\nGiant eagle pita chips lose to Trader Joe's.
If it can help, here is the piece of code that can easily be found on the net:
\n\nUpon walking in, I was thrown back into the likes of such wonderful restaurants as Salam and Semiramis...but with Donuts!
Also, the service was great, I never once had to ask for water.
And she KNOWS curly hair -- how to cut it, manage it, style it.
You can't, and the sign up view is also inappropriate as it will ask for a password which isn't required.
Have the not sortable/searchable declaration match which column you wish to have your open/close display on HTML Have the and cells match which column you wish to have your open/close display on Hope this helps someone.
i want to ask the condition which i have used ...
Also know some pretty obscure songs.
I'd take some classes, learn enough to get good grades, and I'm done.\n\nWhen I visited Queens, not only did Dean Shiffler present the school in a positive light (which is expected), one of the current students did.
Controller to generate and save name fields in session (in debug mode): View with input names taken from the data passed into the view: See the outputs in FF See the outputs in Chrome:
The staff seemed relatively well informed and courteous.
It's small, packed, and well organized.
And I'd be a happy man.
So, now that the old timer glee club has abandoned this location, I can truly say that the relocation of this 'Bucks has become my favorite.
There are no rules about recursion (calling another method is allowed), but there are things you need to be aware of, like if you don't have a good stopping condition , your method might "explode" with a stack overflow exception.
But this was before the initial release of .NET 4.5.
Here is a jsfiddle with the working code:
We've been very pleased with Stuart Wakeman in the service department.
My only complaint is National is doing what others do, putting both key fobs on one ring.
I want to browse and upload the file to google drive.
is not lying - will actually suggest ways to save you money.
I thought I'd head east and come here for lunch since I didn't find anything better.
Thinking about this on and off over the weekend, you really should not attempt to parse HTML or XML with regular expressions because it is so sloppy.
WRONG, not expensive (or maybe Denver was expensive, so that word has become relative).\n\nSafeway had a discount meat section because it was within a few days of expiring (cook it that night and you're fine).
There is none, you can starting in-app preferences though..
Consider the following code snippet Thus you have to provide yourself the information about whether a pointer points to an element of an array.
Libraries provide flexibility to broadcast event to all connected client or selected ones.
So,tried to use implode (as a better alternative?) but must be doing something wrong here.
I'll probably never shop retail again!!\n\nREMINDER: CASH ONLY!!\n-But they have an ATM!!
This is a side-effect of the awesome fact that Qt supports a lot of platforms and a lot of versions.
It also had shredded pork, which I'm not really accustomed to it having, but it was delicious.
For 3 vodka drinks, 2 beers, chicken & veggie quesadillas and mini burgers, we paid $35.
Pricing is a little higher than WalMart across the street, but quality is so much better!\n\nI don't shop for many of the preboxed, processed items - mostly fresh meat and produce (a paleo lifestyle - as much as possible).
Also, the bathrooms could use some erggh cleaning!
And the aioli that lined the plate?
They don't overstock the buffet, so they keep the items fresh all the time.
There is sometimes a wait to get a table .
Anyway, the biggest plus for this place (and why I went there in the first place) is that they have same-day service.
I know I can use to remove accents from a text, but I don't see how I can use it to match since the text is transformed (it would work for grep -c or -l)
I got the apple cinnamon ones - they are crispy yet fluffy with apples that taste very fresh and just the right amount of cinnamon.
(TNT BLT is amazing, the Sheldon is meh.)\n\nAlso, remember to eat your dessert first, the portions are generous and you don't want to miss out on such an important part of the meal.
Preseeding Ubuntu with primary partitions I'm attempting to preseed a Xenial image and it works just fine, aside from the partitioning.
this is the warning that I am getting right now.
He'll fix your car well, and quickly, but he does get easily distracted sometimes.
In javascript your redirect using : And you should redirect when you have processed your php so I put it in the callback function.
One of them is: CUBE object set a variable on your cubes.
Of the several locations in the city, the Shadyside spot is my favorite, probably because it was the first Pamela's I ever ate at.
There's a bug in your calculation: For activities and resources, you don't have possible allocations but possible allocations (so more than possible allocations).
The bill was around 70 bucks a person, the service was great, and the food was very good.\n\nNote: their menu is out of date online
Not only are they affordable, but who doesn't enjoy a good hot rock massage???
The trending entity: The playlist entity The Trending table The playlist table The playlist_genre table The genre table I would like to select any playlist where the genre_id is 4.
Another example: Using this feature to break a TCP packet header into its components (or other network protocol packet header you want to discuss), althought it is a more advanced and less end-user example.
He also took our soup to our table to allow us to continue getting items from the buffet.
I can think of some easy things Microsoft could have done to the memory allocator that would have greatly reduced LOH fragmentation without major overhaul, such as rounding allocation sizes up to some multiple like 4K.
This is an old question, so I'm not going to go on and on, but, look into /proc/pid/oom_adj and /proc/pid/oom_score
It redirects to '/index' on successfull authentication and set's the User in the UserService.
I know this is a necrobump, but I couldn't find a suitable example (aside from the one I reference above) to suit my needs.
1) use a timer with 15 seconds interval; 2) save the current mouse location on screen: 3) when timer reached 15 seconds, check mouse location again.
First here's the code: So right now, in that code snippet, Test_Stream is being registered to the 'test' stream wrapper but...
Secondly the association between the two is not as apparent.
THe reason you come here though is for the 80's music, looking at people dressed in neon, and watching some old school pop and lock.
So, I get a directed graph of the method body, together with other method calls that are inside the body.
Any insight into this would be appreciated.
So I started hunting for jobs and kept running into the same problem--all of them required an MBA.\n\nNowadays, an MBA is what a BA was 10-20 years ago.
I would consider loading the page in a hidden format then show it when it has all loaded and after scrolling the user at the location you want.
CLT has a very strict lightening procedures...
While such statements may be correct, they are often a symptom of coding errors.
Again this is very powerful but only attractive to fairly savvy development teams.
Here's what I found, specifically at this place.\n\nLocation- WOWzers.
_gaq.push won't send data somehow my function is not working.
Everything went so smoothly, and the staff was so wonderful.
However, I occasionally indulge with something less health-friendly.
Claim: Time Complexity O(N), and no constraints on space.
So, I am planning to use WebRTC and Websockets for this and found many websites telling that NodeJS is the best way to go about when taking Real Time communications to consideration.
Like the rocking chairs too--seems other people really enjoy them as there was rarely one open.
Having just eaten at DC's supposedly cheapest and best Greek restaurant the week I was in Pittsburgh, I found the food to be more authentic, better seasoned, fresher and definitely cheaper.\n\nWe had a group of 10 on a Sunday night.
Oh yea, he was surprised and the cake was Epic World of Warcraft..with people coming from around the restaurant to check it out once the kitchen prepped it..
\n\nAfter a few sips my friend came in and joined me.
If your lines are strings you can do something like this
Be sure that your app is selected in the "Add to targets:" when adding the Java source file.
Is it possible to simulate click by coordinates without change game source?
If you don't think potatoes should come with a cup of melted butter, honestly, you should go somewhere else...
I want to perform basic updates to each entry at the depth given by the array at that position.
The server should return the same file with or without the '?2', but the browser should see it as a different file and redownload.
I you look here you will not find such methods or parameters.
Ask for a medium rare burger, done!
refer this word"ARCH_OPTIMAL_PARTICLE_SYSTEM " in your cocos2d libraries "ccparticleexamples.h" hope this helps you.
But in case1 you can only pass the and its subclasses.
It just adds more flavor to the place...or a good story to tell the day after!
Write only one function &amp; call it on both event.
I have only been here a few times, but have never been disappointed.
This is the Spotlight For Help search field, which is entirely controlled by the system.
I came here for lunch this week on a business lunch with two other people.
However, if your codebase is large, or if it is not all yours to change, then this this kind of of mistake can have serious consequences.
Sweetie opted for the chicken parmigiana which was also a huge portion so there is half of that in the fridge too.
It's an upperclassman bar where you can go to actually hang out and talk with friends.
The result would consist of 55 characters.
The bacon is so yummy crispy delicious.
1/2 slab and pork shoulder with sugar fried biscuits and garlic mashed potatoes.
If that's the case I recommend you asking to be seated by the waterfall on the first floor.
\n\nBut my advice is pick a show you love a decent Broadway one, splurge once a year it will make your experience that much more memorable.
Since this does not work , i am forced to transpose the matrix .
I have a in my finally clause like so: According to the , calling File.Delete on a nonexistent file will not throw any exceptions.
This was a great cheat destination!
However when I run the application for the second time, the look up does happen, but a NULL value is returned.
I need a very basic understanding of what static means I am a java newbie, and despite searching everywhere, I cannot find a basic definition for what static actually does.
What is up!\n\nLost Duffer has some A+'s going for it.\n\nUnderground Blacklight Golfing (10th hole on) - A+.\n5 bucks for 18 holes - A+.\nTotally doable \""win a free game\"" last hole - A+.\nLarge arcade, well priced - A+.\nBeer!
Just put that in your hosts file and you won't have to worry about DNS.
\n The only reason I only gave 4 stars, not 5, is I prefer a quiet atmosphere.
Maybe the files are out of sync with the file system.
Seriously, about 3 minutes after we ordered.
Many different functions can take place with the identity function being the simplest.
Standard input and positional parameters are indepent of one another.
The left most bit is used as the sign bit.
\n\nAnother thing that I would like to mention is that their prices here are right in line if not better than most the popular online homebrew stores and you don't have to pay shipping.
Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates, i checked.
While i managed to be able to generate the files locally with Interop I can't get it to work for somebody that is accessing the Application from a client.
you could use jQuery to remove the title attribute like so...
Can I access the GPS coordinates of the device?
Thankfully, my friends took me to Silky's and reminded me that it's worth it to cross the river now and then for a drink.
Apparently they make their omelets with 5 eggs!
Given that you don't provide this explicitly, this is going to be a constant source of confusion of users of your code.
So keep an eye out for Butitta's!\n\nUPDATE 11/20/2009: They have a banner outside the building announcing they are now hiring servers and will be opening soon!
I live right around the corner, so I've been here a couple times.
The way you are calling is wrong.
Although still fairly expensive, it's less than Whole Foods, and I don't do all my shopping here, just the things I have a hard time finding elsewhere.
That works perfectly fine with listening on $locationChangeStart and using its events preventDefault method.
So thought that is it possible configure to to have was not sure.
Choose a little booth or table, and gaze at the decor.
I am so absolutely disappointed that Pegasus closed!
Now that I have discovered this park I will be here all the time, a great place to get away from the 'city'.
Highly recommend this place if you're looking for some nice Italian.
Some of the stuff that comes out of that thing...
You need to handle the Checkbox changed event after this you can determine if it is your collection or not and add or remove it accordingly
Anyone that walks past your table will fill your glass or take your empty plate.\n\nThe atmosphere is very nice.
But I need to call the dialog box div which is in another different page.
Results There are now three answers but one seems to have a bug currently.
The params(:plan_id) is passed using a string query.
I'm not 100% certain such a thing exists - I know ActiveMQ has STOMP support and some support for running inside a VM , but I haven't tried this with STOMP.
I've been here twice so far.
The final plate had a brownie, sponge cake, and small cupcake.
All the usual stuff belgain waffles, omlette stations, hot cereals, breakfast meats, All for a very affordable price about $10-15.\n\nThe rooms were comfortable, the first time my bed ever had too many pillows.
\n\nOverall, a pretty good course with cheap green fees.
This is why you're getting the error.
If this is the case, you should NOT be trying to clean up memory leaks and the like in other peoples' code.
By looking at the header files we know the order of methods in the vtable.
The only downsides were the out of control kids running around, and the constant traffic jams of shopping carts in the aisles.
My configurations is as follows: SonarQube 6.0 Jenkins 1.609.3 SonarQube Plugin 2.4.4 SonarQube Servers SonarQube Scanner Build-step
If you have an internet connection the amount of data you can get at is only limited by your bandwidth.
And I want to load plugin libraries in such a way that they don't interfere with each other, e.g.
I haven't tested this, but it seems like it should work off the top of my head.
The staff was really helpful and accommodating when I asked if they had a different size.
The sandwich is a perfect blend of tender meat and sauce.
if your using cocos2d-iphone-0.99.5 you have to import "CCParticleSystemPoint.h" and check below linezs also.
I only wish it came with more chicken and less of the lentil side and gigantic naan.
Started off with a great Caesar's salad (Insalata \""Cesare\"" alla Lidia), followed by three pasta dishes, and ended with an interesting choice for dessert.
It is a smallish store and volunteers are always setting new items out from boxes newly donated.
My second fave in the city after Point Brugge.
\n\nI also feel the need to mention the bathroom attendants which I'm not used to seeing in airport bathrooms.
I still go back for friendly people, cheap eggs, the clanking of dishes, and the grease rolling on the edge of the plate.
A wide spiral staircase connects you to your level of seats and each level has a concession bar offering beer, wine, spirits, water, and a few snacks.
It's a lot of fun in there!!
The lemon cherry sundrop is worth trying as well.
if you unplug the phone from xcode (disabling the remote debugger) it immediately loads the webview
You'll want to look at the CalculateFacets, CalculateFacetsWithOptions, and GetExistingFacets methods.
I definitely learned alot about the south here.
The food is pretty good pub grub, but I believe there is a \""game-day menu\"" where only certain things are served, which is kind of a bummer if you want Irish nachos on game-day because it's not on the menu.
You can also use a good library: or use only native promises Promise.All without generators.
I looked closer and could tell that she completely took apart the bodice to remake it so it fit me in the chest.
This is because your inner requires an instance of and really can't be reused.
Any ideas on how to solve this problem?
I've been introduced to their kale offerings and must admit, I'm a huge fan.
My fianc\u00e9e and I just enjoyed dinner here last night and we were thrilled with every part of our experience at Il Pizzaiolo.
I would like to close this loop since I have to deploy the builds thrice a day.
I have been here many times over the years and everyone is friendly and the food is always tasty.
It's immediately off of exit 85 five miles south of the state line, about 8-10 miles from Ballantyne down the back roads, or 4-5 miles from Steele Creek down Hwy 160.
\n\nService is also always friendly and quick, especially considering how big the restaurant is.
Actually I found out after a suggestion given that pr -m -t itself does not give the correct output I used paste test_v1 test.predict instead of pr and got the right answer.
You have to be in the mood for them.
Since the contents of the structures are OS-dependent, if you're using a reference intended for some other OS when modifying , Bad Things will happen.
Do yourself a favor and skip the grocery store rolls and go for the Omakase.
I'm not 100% sure that this would cover all cases, and it seems slightly wrong.
Here is an complete implementation in Swift:
This looks like very close to .
I've been going there for years, and am rarely disappointed.
Now, I could have a row in the songs database for which album it belongs to, but is that the most efficient way to do this.
Please read about datagridviews and their data sources - and then if still in a troublesome condition, rephrase and come back here.
but i always leave feeling like something is missing.
Four ravioli for the same?\n\nThey altered the desert recipe on request, which for sure was over and above the call.\n\nService was attentive and the setting nice.
The data is shown in a list, everything is fine.
The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.
2) If my data-points have different sizes, the delay will have to change as well.
I grew up in Taiwan so I know what I'm talking about.
How to get uwsgi container to restart with AWS EC2 reboot I have nginx and uwsgi installed on my CentOS EC2 instance.
Also great for its obvious proximity to the Psych building, even though I've only taken one class there.
EDIT: In response to your "answer", the two lines aren't the same: the property expression isn't the target of an assignment operator or a compound assignment operator.
So you're basically getting, at normal bar food prices, truly excellent bar food.
You can probably add a check inside the function associated with "dragstart" for group to check if the object selected is "circle" and show your message.
Weekdays at dinnertime, you can get right in.
They were even sure to have a supervisor here when the county inspector came by to help answer any questions she may have.\n\nLastly, I always get several bids when I hire work done on my house, and McClintock's pricing was very competitive.
These questionnaire will be supplying from my View Model as a List of question with Question Text, Answer options.
The only cleanup the instances are performing is of their .
The staff is lovely, quick to help me load things in my coche, and prices are unbeatable for pieces that are in really great shape.
Then I have a web forum software, written in for ASP.NET in C#.
The end was pretty challenging and it took us about an hour & a half to complete it - we did get all the numbered map squares/pieces.
It's become a fun celebratory spot for my husband and me.
I don't understand why people are complaining about the price, it's coming from japan!
In Python 2.7 and above, you can use a dictionary comprehension instead of using dict().
The wait isn't very long for an entr\u00e9e and that's valuable.
Even Erk's huge paws get dwarfed by such a stein.\n\nI figured eating here would be spatzle only - fine, I'll have more bier - but no, there's actually a sweetly-done entree to be had - veggies wrapped in puff pastry, sliced, sauced with red pepper puree that had a creamy, somehow sharp bite.
Another case is when an object is initialized using another object.
Understandably it would have resulted into a big security flaw in Java.
\n\nFor those who don't know about their UFO Club, by becoming a member you are given a card in which you attempt to try 200 different types of brews.
I got the code from the following .
This is the behavior you need.
Okay first off, the address is 9858 Monroe Rd.\n\nNow, that we all can meet up at the right place....let's dig in:\n\nI've eaten twice here now (shame on me for not reviewing sooner) and what I like most is the atmosphere.
Actually my app has small functionality for calling to customer.
Fantastic party of flavor on my palate!
And that is exactly how they deliver at Barrington's.\n\nYes its small and yes its pricey but like I said its not a daily/weekly type place to eat out at.
Regarding the blank-page issue: You're just processing, not outputting anything.
I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!
I have been a little wary to go off the beaten path of the spring rolls and the Pho, so I got the spring rolls and the chicken peanut soup (I think that is what it was called).
You would think that with that may types of cheeses it would be heavy but no just the right blend & amount cheese & steak.
The early bird special is the way to go..
This level of dynamicism is necessary because there's no way we can know what additional information will be provided, but, regardless, it's important that we store all information provided to us.
They spent a lot more time tending to the details that bothered me about my first visit.
They don't serve lunch specials on Sundays, which is fine because all we wanted were the hotcakes!
With these slight but important difference I got a FormatException when parsing a string to a double value at PC2 (',' &lt;-> '.').
We were served an egg salad sandwich, a ham with avocado, and a take on a BLT which was bacon, tomato, and julienned spinach on top served on a piece of French bread.
I take back everything I said in a previous post (about all Indian restaurants tasting the same and that it all tastes like something out of a box)!!\n\nI was so completely wrong!
\n\nWe have been here numerous times for food and beer.
It seems that with JSF's validation framework, i may specify constraints at the XHTML view layer.
What is the simplest language which support template&context mechanism?
I was in Pittsburgh my home town for a recent stay.
It's a nice airport, decent places to eat/snack, etc.
It was generated at first time to speed up reading configuration.
If I remember correctly, the FileUpload component does not work inside UpdatePanel (without additional coding, at least)
My partner and I went there for dinner on New Years Eve and for Valentines Day, we had so much fun.
Check out this article: <a href="
The progress bar at 0% width was wrapping the overflow text onto multiple lines.
The photography exhibit has some fantastic portraits and slices of Pittsburgh history.\n\nThe natural history museum, on the other hand, was full of kids of all ages running around among the dinosaur skeletons.
why a class can not be subclassed if i declare its default constructor as private In a class i can have as many constructors as I want with different argument types.
Angular ng-options doesn show all elements I am working in some app with AngularJS and I am using the directive, but I have one problem.
FullCalendar, possible to set selectable false but allow select slot I'm making an application with FullCalendar .
I can appreciate the simplicity of someone waiting for you to open your front door, assist with your heavy luggage, and hand you a valet ticket, smiling throughout the entire exchange.
The last time I was at Casbah was on a balmy spring evening in my sophomore year of college.
Great airport and service personell...especially being a hub airport (for US Air, maybe one or two others).
You can take a look at something like Jcrop .
How does know which datastore to connect to?
When I use other browser (IE or FF), everything is OK.
Still, I greatly appreciated the service and explanations that I got from the employees working there.
These are available at: Entity Framework 4 POCO, Repository and Specification Pattern Specification Pattern In Entity Framework 4 Revisited Entity Framework 4 POCO, Repository and Specification Pattern [Upgraded to CTP5] Entity Framework 4 POCO, Repository and Specification Pattern [Upgraded to EF 4.1]
I went here to wash my bed sheets and it was a pretty typical laundromat.
It's a bunch of CORE_RL_ .dll and IM_MOD_RL_ .dll plus a few other dlls.
Of the Big Burrito group restaurants Casbah is the one that has never failed us.
My jaw was tired from trying to force my tearing teeth into that little soy sausage but the worst part is that I had to devote so much extra time to eating my stupid wiener that I missed being able to watch my friends eat their hot dogs.
If you crave a little nostalgia, Brightstar Drive-In is a throwback to a simpler, more neighborly time.
It's a Webkit-specific property: CSS property: Description Specifies that an entire element should be draggable instead of its contents.
It seems like your question boils down to "how can I dynamically add a method to an object", the the short answer is don't do it (1).
Setting up environment for C++/Boost libs (netbeans or eclipse) I've followed so many tutorials now and I can't get this basic, fundamental thing right.
It is solved if you have control item in the JComboBox to act, for example:
sudo /Library/Application\ Support/Symform/scripts/uninstall --purge You will need to enter in your Mac password when running either of these commands.
Now I updated Elfinder to 2.0 and the input doesn't want to work anymore.
Is there a way to achieve this behavior?
You should change this to before_save, that way you can change the model's attributes, and then they will be saved to the database as normal.
Global.asax.cs The reason this works is because honors DateTime's - which is by default.
However, MySQL is by far the most popular and best known of the open-source database management systems and is the only one with significant brand recognition outside of open-source circles.
Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes.
RoR - print count after group_by In my Ruby on Rails application, I want to print a count result after I grouped my records in database and I get something like that : In my database there is 6 records, all with the same .
Totally lives up to the hype.
Looking forward to hitting it up again in the fall.
Now, we have a char literal: It consists of 2 hex escape sequences, therefore it should be treated as two wide characters.
I would assume that for memory reasons, the latter is true; I just wanted to confirm with the StackOverflow community that this is true.
You can consider to be 'lucky' it detects too, but I wouldn't depend on it too much.
Query result is different when executing a simple search in PHP I am executing the following query in a MySQL database (look at SELECT AND WHERE, the rest is not important): The environment is a PHP script running under Drupal with FileDepot module but I doubt that matters at all.
Skipping over either of these is a very very good way to end up with either a hacked or badly broken application.
Clean fast and the dr is great.
The stadium is nice nothing special.
Hence the counter will not increment and continue to remain x throughout.
Now In my screen 50% and 50% I need drag left to right width is 70 .In that time will be 30.if drag right to left width is 65 , in that time width 35 finely when increases and content remain content will auto adjust So Please give me any Idea.
Happy to echo the sentiments here - good, honest shop with fair prices.\n\nNo up-sell here - I've actually had them tell me I didn't need work after another shop tried to tell me I did.
Again, I have to say this place is fantastic.\n\nI love the staff, the service, and of course the food.
I was happy to try someone and something new and different for a reading.
\n\nBuddha and Dharma are only a breath away.
These modules are loaded in just under the comments and when the application starts.
According to documentation : If the value of a query argument is None, the whole pair is skipped.
Kristin has actually been very helpful &LOVE Mallory!!!
Update: My first solution was reuse some mixins from the angular-material.scss to create a custom grid.
\n\nI've been to a few games and each seat is a great one, the prices are affordable, and if you splurge, you can get a suite.
I had the problem yesterday and after trying out answers in the forum and others but made no headway.
To put it another way, there can be TDD unit tests that test the user input validation code , but there can't be TDD unit tests that validate the user input itself.
And by that I mean other attorneys who have to use immature tactics to make up for what they lack as men.
They are now on Allen Bvld.
\n\nDo yourself a huge favor and try it!
Break up your monolithic app into many components that can iterate quickly at their own pace of development.
Found a matching IKEA office cabinet with one I had for only $20.
These last details are what's confusing me.
\n\nWe went for brunch on a Saturday afternoon.
Let's start by getting some terminology out of the way A channel is a monaural stream of samples.
The render thread seems to be failing during initialization.
I want to twilio and clicked on ask community and it brought me here.
I have used the following approach before , but I wonder how to detect/implement in ?
The Downtown location gave me a free portion of fries because I had to wait about 30 seconds longer than they said I would have to wait.
They also have sandwiches there besides bread so if you're looking for a quick treat, you should stop on in!
On the wedding gown, the only thing I needed was a bustle put in and that only ended up being one loop so it was very simple.
Not knowing the answer herself, she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes, ingredients included.
Surprisingly good selection of produce, ice cream, wine and beer.
As dnndeveloper says, your answer is So you're gonna want - or something along those lines.
You might want to consider a row / column or approach it from how your game board works.
Parsing XSD Schema with XSOM in Java.
They are at Westinghouse in Pineville, I just drive 5 more minutes after I take exit 65B.
Tip: the bottled Coke is Mexico formula, not US formula, and is quite a bit sweeter, if you want an American type Coke, get a fountain Coke.\n\nWhile I was there I picked up a dozen tamales to take home, and I can't wait to try them.
I don't want to create B class object Add a constructor or factory method which doesn't require a B.
Below tag, I am using to work with and and It works But, When I use then RadEditor is not showing in proper format.
This should be immediately evident upon walking in to the sounds of classical music and free samples of p\u00e2t\u00e9.
Encryption password algorithms on OpenLDAP a question about OpenLDAP.
You can test it: That would be a whole lot easier if we did not have to remember the pythagorian theorem for the circle's center and the point.
\n\ni'm actually leaving on sunday for yet another trip and i can say, without fail, on bbq night, one of my travel buddies at the table will ask, \""so...
So far the best steakhouse, restaurant I'd ever eaten at.
They have lots of Greek items, so if that's your thing, you should swing through.\n\nThey have something like 8+ different types of feta (French, Bulgerian, Greek, Greek Barrel, etc.) I didn't know there were that many different types until I came here.
Up until now all my foray into front-end development has been new projects, built from the ground using modern tooling and workflows, such as React, Redux, isomorphic rendering, etc.
We dropped serious money on the drinks.
But you have not used this result anywhere.
Can someone help me how can I have different view with different template.
You should then see -18326 as value in the debugger.
Be careful not to overrule all security policies.
But, the staff are what make this hotel awesome.
MySQL can handle the load, so the question now is how do you want to use the data?
I have added a listview adapter in MainActivity.java and Here I am getting values from DBHelper.java I have also included DBHelper.java after removing some methods.
When I read that they had moved - I walked to the address and was even more confused that it did not say 'Village Pizza'.
Tiramisu was delectable...light, balanced and very flavorful.\n\nHaven't really added much to the raves from previous patrons...just had to chime in our hearty AMEN of agreement.
The customer care his above and beyond that of any body shop I have been to before.
Lots of good food options, and there's no lack in Starbucks.
Nails, ears, bath, and grooming- she looks like a new woman when they're done with her!
Carowinds has many trees and flowering plants everywhere.
How to change the cursor when receiving a drag?
It can work like a (last in, first out) structure, but it cannot behave like a Java .
or You can create another activity in your application and change the name of in Hope it helps.
Javamelody report sort i use javamelody to export report.
\n\nThe brewery tour is short but interesting (it's not a huge place after all).
I would highly recommend the hot roast beef sandwich with carmelized onions.
\n\nOverall, this is a great restaurant if you like fresh ingredients and good Italian food.
Not their fault, but in a sense it adds to the ambiance.
Best place in town for lengua tacos.
Definitely a place to be checked out!!!
All i can say is my family and i thank him from the bottoms of our hearts!
Food and drink prices were not astronomical like most pro stadiums.
I had the tuna roll, tuna avocado roll, and shrimp tempura and avocado roll.
Then you might have a format converter: I almost forgot the TimespanFormatProvider.
Our room had an amazing view of downtown, but I did notice that the comforter was not clean.
I go here with coworkers very frequently, and not once have I walked out disappointed!
so that answer has the column name instead of .
The wife and I eat well for $20.
Access to a KML file can not be done locally each service based on google it must be made by means of a publicly accessible server on the Internet.
A trip to the Omnimax Theater is always a good time and I have never left disappointed.
I'm actually craving more now that I'm thinking about it.
Stopped by this place as we were in Pittsburgh for the day.
I also used some other conditions like the below one, but again I got an error.
I was blown away, the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me.
I recommend you stay here if you're seeking a reasonably priced, clean, comfortable hotel!
This part is great for kids.
Meanwhile your struct on the C++ side is made up of structures of floats which don't adhere to the HLSL packing rules (float4 registers) so your two types don't align.
I had both of my card spray painted and they worked with my insurance to fix both cars with no cost to me.
I would like to mention two things AngularJs is not about DOM Manipulation.
Big up, right there not including the atmosphere, very rustic, very homey Italian to me.
We've never waited for a refill of coffee or water - they're on it right away.
Finally, while debugging, you can add to the top of your script, or add to the end of your shebang line to enable verbose output (helps to determine how bash is expanding your variables).
Their pizza isn't the best pizza you'll ever have, but for the price it's good.
How to make paths clickable in Visual Studio Code Terminal I have VSCode vs.
Everything I've tried is quality and very fresh.
I've tried to get hold of the group from the Javascript side, but I can't see how to bind a function to the beforeShow handler.
The code I have included is a modified Spring MVC json example I found on the web.
I have always had a hit and miss experience with Mad Mex.
I liked the pizza that I had here and may even order a whole one in the future.
Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day.
I've been here a few times.
There is a little Kiosk with all the calories right by the door.
To access this configuration screen in Flash Builder 4.5, click the tiny arrow next to your run/debug button and click Run/Debug Configurations.
If there were no discriminator column in the target table then I guess you could still do it using the (non-JPA compliant) Hibernate annotation @DiscriminatorFormula.
And really, that's all you need.
\n\nIf you're in the mood for Asian food and want some great fusion cuisine, this is the place to go.
Everywhere chilkat ftp library is suggested, but he has a too big feature list, that is unnecessary to pay.
Your eyes will feel slightly gritty like some sand is in them.
I was most interested in the "unused jar" report, and I can see that it is incorrectly reporting some jars as unused, but I have gotten past my initial hurdle.
Consider using for storing single values For Storing: For Retrieving:
I should reiterate that I am not looking for the DOM, but the original unmodified source code.
So far, he's doing a great job.
I would say Firehaus has better food, but as far as green street bars go, that's probably it.
In this case, bash most certainly does: Now that we know what options it takes, your Java application can call bash directly: Remember to replace with the value from your Swing component.
The bartender even made sure it wasn't too strong and offered to add to the drink to balance it better.\n\nAs for the limited food they had to offer, I cannot really talk about.
\n\nI'd be willing to speak to anyone about the PMBA program at Queens; I have learned some invaluable lessons already as a result.
One of my favorite brunch spots in Charlotte is definitely The Original Pancake House on Sharon Road, that is if you can get in the door.
I spoke with Arlene, who gave me a rundown of what I could expect while my car was in the shop.
Also, it gets crowded here quick!
I'll keep it short: \n\nAwesome atmosphere, inexpensive drinks, cheap tickets to see great live music.
I lived in this general area for about 5 years or so and meant to go to Rusty's but never got around to it.
KDevelop, QtCreator, XCode and many other editors offer this feature.
Plus of course, all the usual Sunday breakfast things - an omelette station, scrambled eggs, bacon, grits, etc.
You should be fine sharing a single blob container reference as long as you are not trying to perform an update on the container itself (even then, I think it would still be fine in most scenarios like List).
The tiramisu was the best I have had.
Change value of character pointed by a pointer I would like to know why my code giving me error when run.
If you declare virtual functions you should also declare your destructor virtual ;-).
It has an assigned NOT NULL constraint which will be the property used later for generating several exceptions.
I've been stay there for 2 nights.
I love breakfast food, but I'm never big on breakfast-only places because they tend to be too small and crowded, and hardly worth the wait.
I explained that I needed a haircut that was intended for curly hair, with layers and not so symmetrical.
Food was way better than expected - huge portions, excellent quality, and nicely different than the usual Madtown fare.
I'd recommend giving the OWASP Zed Attack Proxy (the successor of Parosproxy , which is no longer actively developed) a try.
They have happy hour specials and the bar is always filled with a great crowd!\n\nSoba is affiliated with the Big Burrito chain, along with Eleven, Kaya, Casbah and Umi: all of which are excellent restaurants!
If you dynamically allocate an array of objects that require destruction (like your type), the compiler needs to keep track of how many elements are in the array so that it can destroy them all when you the array.
\n\nBeyond that their is ample massage, clothes and services to execute everything you need.\n\nLastly, the delightfully southern white rocking chairs and oaks growing inside the main atrium create a wonderful ambiance to pass the time.
is run on different operating systems, such as Windows, Vista, Ubuntu, OSX.
For example, in your saveImageToExternalStorage, it doesn't clean up the fOut if an exception occurs inside your try/catch.
The codes for the php as shown below : Thanks!
This is smaller than the giant balls of rice with large cuts of fish you often times see at other places.
I'm sure I'm skipping over details but I am not sure what else is relevant.
\n\nYou can go almost everywhere with them almost anytime.
The only problem is that they do not open until 4.
In one quick evening after work I was driving home in my own new Crosstrek - courtesy of Kevin and Folger Subaru's friendly, efficient staff.
Instead of , you can just use
But when I tried to connect it over the internet a StreamCorruptedException was thrown.
...Umm, I definitely will get that next time.
I brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper.
We have come here a couple times now when we were visiting family & it was totally worth the trip (it's an hour drive).
I'm a noob in ruby on rails.
This was the second time I've eaten here.
If In the listview I wait that all the preview list image are showing the filter rendering, and then I click, the filter is correctly applied on the original bmp.
The delivery is fast and consistently good.
Even wished my dad a happy birthday because he overheard us mentioning it being his birthday lunch.\n\nNeutral: Rosemary chicken was OK.
This appears to be an extra unmatched bracket, so you can simply remove it like so: update package join ticketBooking using(packageNo) set estimatedCost = @package1 where ticketBooking.packageNo=new.packageNo; end// delimiter ;
Even though I lived out in Bloomfield, I chose to drive out to this vet because I'd heard good reviews about Dr.
This resulkts in this airport being actually great for layovers.
In case it finds a library it dynamically loads it and search for a symbol called .
Dig into the native driver methods for Bulk operations.
Urbana allows chickens and it would be very nice to be able to take my girls there as well.
The table scones, pastries etc were delicious as was the accompanying cinnamon butter.
ng-animate class is not generated as well.
I was home in Pittsburgh with my mom doing some wedding planning this past week and was frantically trying to find 'the dress'.
If you are restricted to a particular range of ports, then you'll need to do local address and port binding.
Well, I have only been shopping like a grown up for about a year now - but I learned how to do it in Denver.
I've used Velocity for this purpose in Java applications; I think something like Smarty might work in PHP, but I don't have direct experience of using it for that purpose.
Very few companies use YARN in production, Yahoo being the most notable.
For sending mails using php mail function is used.
I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
They are caring, realistic and competent.
The sushi tasted fresh and the spicy tuna had my mouth burning which is a great thing.
The error message to me indicates that the VM is trying to find in , I am thinking you are missing a require or include statement for .
Very cool place to relax and enjoy a good drink.
So I wrote something like: Thing is that my solution to force mem access seems weird, ugly, and as a bonus I'm not sure it is correct.
The ribs seemed to have been marinated in sauce over night then they add a vinaigrette type sauce over them which really packs on the flavor.
This is what onion rings are all about, very thin breading and super crunchy.
I can't remember what the corkage fee is, probably because there is none, I believe.
There are no other config files in that folder.
But if you need a database GUI in Eclipse like me, you will need a plugin like DBview, my initial one database explorer is no longer in Eclipse.
eg - I have a variable that calculates a payment within one dataset, and another one that calculates a payment within another dataset.
I was having the same problem, that is, the first time the image was saved correctly on the database side, but if subsequently validation failed and then I tried to save the image again after entering valid data I would get in the image column.
textir - A suite of tools for text and sentiment mining.
How to use dependent bundles in different container in Fabri8?
Make reservations, esp on a weekend.
Wrapping up If you decide to create a server or client side solution, it shouldn't be much more complicated than creating a file with some functionality and calling it from your Apache Config with : Unfortunately there are some gotchas, so I would suggest taking the time to read the relevant parts of the mod_autoindex manual .
So, I thought it could be a good idea to enable and disable them on a per-file basis.
For your case the service call wouldn't have the 'accessKey' argument, rather it would become the public key (I imagine) and be used in either the headers, query string, or as a POST param.
The problem now is to write to the array until line .
You shouldn't have to mask any interrupts while in an interrupt.
mmmm can't get enough of their black bean.
\n\nThe wifi was definitely spotty but it was free so that was a plus.
When i click "Cook" it shows an alert "Error occurred [object Object]".
I could do this with if they weren't faceted or if I wanted to zoom on all plots, but don't have a good solution in this case.
Imagine a for loop containing a call to a nested function containing a for loop using the same index without a local declaration.
For if you're looking for fast, fresh and ample, this is it.
I'd be happy with can't be done too if its simply not possible to do without logs or a search type thing.
I use VirtualPC 2007 and have had no problems.
Andy is super entertaining, and serves up the best sushi in the burg!
I'm writing a sliding window to extract features and feed it into CvSVM's predict function.
Good Chinese at an affordable price.
I feel OK in calling "java" without the absolute path (when I know how JAVA_HOME and PATH are configured).
You can't call any method from service before it connected.
I swear they must sneak my grandmother down from heaven to work in the kitchen.
A perfect way to end the evening.
I don't give out 5 stars.
What's going on here, and which address would I have to use?
(I'm a bit of a noob - so the more detailed the instructions - the better!) Thanks in advance, Amani Swann P.S.
So much to the fact when the manager came over to check in and see if we enjoyed our dinner , I made a point to compliment the excellent service.( I'm sure the verbal compliment was just the icing on the cake.
\n\nOne complaint I do have is the \""lobby\"" area is kind of small making leaving the theater a bit of a hassle.
I guess the problem is, that you are creating new VM.
Beer selections for the real beer drinkers, go in and get a liter of some good germany brews.
The special that night was Hamm's cans, which were had for (surprisingly, to me) more than a dollar each.
They would do well to get a little more variety of beers on tap as well.
Even though every other customer was in fully casual attire (more likely due to the nearby comic event), the restaurant immediately strikes you as an upscale, formal attire venue.
You can use the variable just like calling the method name.
Their brisket sandwich was amazing and I'm eager to go back and try something else!
We had the Earl Grey and peach ginger tea.
I opted for a dish with strawberries and kiwis with a marscapone ice cream.
They seem to change weekly and they have ruined any benefits of having status or first class.
The sauce was tangy southern style vinegar based sauce that came on the side which was nice because the bun didn't get soggy.
I called in to see if I could squeeze an appointment in on the day of the call.
\nI ve had the vegetarian pad thai on a different occasion and that was pretty amazing too.
I am learning Servlets and JSP.
Getting the styles right just seems like a lot of work...
Annie's Mom gave us an \""entertainment\"" book for Christmas and Papa J's was listed as an option.
I'd go for a 10 next time.\n\nFrom what I read this places is among the best in Pitt, and I can see how this might be true.
Pointers and enabled flags will still be saved with glPushClientAttrib when you are using VBOs, though.
I have played with it for a while and I just can seem to get it to work.
Now I'm wondering if can I mimic protocols it uses to communicate with Google servers?
You need to convert the date field to varchar to strip out the time, then convert it back to datetime, this will reset the time to '00:00:00.000'.
The bartenders are super friendly and have good suggestions and the food here is always spectacular, in my mind.
Every time we go the food is consistently delicious and the owners and waitresses are very personable and friendly.
So I'd write: I feel like I'm writing the same code three times (with slight variations).
However, considering that it's Pittsburgh, this is probably the best Asian store around.
So when it is called the second time, it will fail (returning 0, not EOF) and read nothing, leaving unchanged.
Edit: user1182474's comment is correct; Wine doesn't isolate the programs it runs.
I am trying to add a row to a Google sheet in my drive, but I can't find any relevant documentation that specifically addresses PHP.
log4j:ERROR with Tomcat 6 I programmed a Web Application with Java EE.
Shrimp and Grits is an all-time favorite for me as well.
When I click on the thumbnail nothing happens...
Mai Japanese Restaurant used to have good Bento boxes when they were at South Blvd.
If you like southern fried chicken and fried fish sandwiches this is the place to go.
Also, in this case your Java server is adding length bytes following a protocol (which the client needs to be aware of).
You want to be printed once on the first first line.
Here is the screen shot of Mozilla browser: and this is of Chrome: Also note that when i increase or decrease screen resolution the control's gets scattered badly .Following is HTML code snippet responsible for this display: following in my CSS for above controls: So please, can any one tell me how to set CSS or correct written code to make responsive appearance.I want this page to be displayed on multiple resolution screens, say desktop,laptop,tablets e.t.c Thanks in advance.
The staff are welcoming and efficient!
Friends like the burgers, but I always stick with the club.
I normally get onion rings as my side, but the tater wedges are great too.\n\nPersonally the owner lady is the highlight of the visit.
Say X is that required maximum load for the application.
\n\nPrice wise most items are competitive with other hardware places.
Surprisingly peaceful...not overly packed packed wit customers considering it was 1pm on Monday...\n\nLocated minutes from the Strip District...sufficient parking available on the side...had to wait several minutes to be seated cuz no hostess was available...\n\nDecor was eclectic ...brings u back to the days of the \""phone booth\""...i wouldn't know them days...lol :)\n\nThe food was amazing :) the salmon was juicy and tasty...but wasn't a fan of the green paste on top...
Perl's CPAN is still unrivaled among other languages (which is really sad because it's so easy to do the same thing for other languages).
See which is practically otherwise a drop in replacement for JodaTime Hibernate.
We decided to come here after after reading all of the good Yelp reviews.
You're setting a foreign key for table with the column .
Solved similar case a few times.
please note that when using we discovered a memory leak - basically the GarbageCollection refused to collect the embedded - which is why is and why Update after comment: If your data list is large - and your data is fixed (your articles are models without PropertyChanged) and you don't want to incur the overhead of creating a large then one way around this might be to use a class.
As @PinkElephantsOnParade writes, it makes no difference for the execution.
It's where you go when you have to go somewhere.
Unfortunately Soba falls in that category.\n\nFor example the corn fritters we had, if you tried the fritters on their own they were barely passable, greasy, falling apart and not much flavor - a virtual fritter failure, however you wrap that mess in the bibb lettuce, put on a basil leaf and dip it in the sauce chili-soy sauce and all of a sudden it becomes a tasty little snack.
The artificial neuron has a fairly simple structure.
This is your stream: does not actually write sourcemaps, it just tells Gulp to materialize them into a physical file when you call .
But, Php-Soap client gives only the first-level elements as objects/key.
It's a bit sprawling but it's clean.
Come to find out now only were the rooms next to each other, it kinda was like having a \""couples\"" massage anyways because the adjoining rooms actually had a door with sliding doors so it because one big room anyways.
The return paths include setting a property with an error message along with modifying the response.
It was in the high 80's with high humidity so a Blue Moon went perfect with our meals.
I am pretty new to the Javascript and Ajax side of things so any help would be appreciated.
\n\nVast in size, not the largest, but not the smallest.
Fantastic service, incredibly inexpensive, surprisingly tasty - that pretty much sums it up.
\n\nI'm sure a lot of people, including myself, wish this place was a little bigger, but for being in the city it's not a bad size.
Vincent de Paul's had what we needed, a church that plays traditional hymns and we enjoyed the people and the community that the church offers.\n\nThe other churches we have found were either too contemporary, or the songs did not go by the book that was in the pews (which made it hard for me to follow along).
There really aren't any major chain stores or restaurants in here, which is nice.
Code uses AsyncTask and its a sample code from internet.
The tables are basic and the look and feel are simple, but this shouldn't stop you from enjoying yourself thoroughly - beginning with their tasty fresh cornbread and continuing into barbeque whether it's ribs or pulled pork.
Best of all, the hotel is so centrally located that we were able to walk to all the places we needed to go the next morning.
There were quite a few people checking in at the same time I was (the young lady at the front desk seemed a bit frazzled, but still very professional) and I was surprised how much room there was given the limited space they had cordoned off for registration.\n\nI would complain about the fact that there were only two elevators at either end of the hotel, but for this size hotel it didn't make sense to add more.
There's a central confusion here over the word "session".
Importing EndNote .enl file into R Dataframe I would appreciate it if someone can help me import this EndNote .enl file into R Dataframe.
The size of the main undocked window cannot be modified by resizing it manually.
On current-and-previous-generation CPUs, RDTSC is usually reliable and clock-independent (i.e.
DO NOT miss the Tiramisu here!
but how can I create the array holding the $name variable so I can loop through it?
Does your real code have instead?
Atmosphere is better than most Indian restaurants in town.
Further down, I have a method implementation that needs to use the count property of as well.
This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh.
Maybe as part of a clause Then build and run your container It's still a strange approach, but if you absolute can only change the config file from within your container, give this a go.
Cannot find android sdk in eclipse How to get android sdk 5.0 api 21 - not available in eclipse android sdk manager Please tell me the solution.
The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses.
The while loop executes, however nothing happens the first time.
Candy from Asia, candy from Britain.
They have a stellar frozen cosmo but the rest of the drink menu is just okay.
You can even modify the or parameters beforehand if you want, e.g.: In case you wanted to do something more complicated, here's how it would work: Note that you do not need the prologue/epilogue code that you've shown in the question, though it won't hurt anything if you choose to include it.
I went here with a couple friends, and we had two appetizers plus our entrees.
Within this project, add a JUnit test case.
All this does it retrieve the last location of the user.
You really don't have to use it.
Sounds like you might want to just partake in the routing lifecycle If you are navigating to a module you can create an method on the view model which will be called when routing starts.
Even though we were incredibly full, we saw the table next to us order a dish full of what looked like chocolate mousse and immediately told our waitress we wanted that for dessert.
Yes, the grad level is a whole different world from the undergrad, but I still got a lot out of my undergrad experience.
I don't really have any favorites here...everything is tasty!
Paired with the twice-baked potato, my meal was excellent.
This is a recurring problem, and I need to know how it can be fixed.
I am thinking of library to support for vertical and horizontal scrolling.
Is anybody else having these problems and if so, how do I fix this?
This is a great shop in Shadyside with a little something for everyone.
The child objects held in "myBadges" will be increasing overtime.
Each row should be possible to update.
Then, the textarea label is stick to the top (I tried using bottom:100px with position:relative and it works) but I'm looking for more ideal solution.
Definitely going to keep coming back here and enjoying the space/drinks!
Others reviews mentioned it was a hassle to come home to a hot/cold/dark room, but I got two keys at check in (one to keep w/ me, one for the light-switch thing that runs the lights and ventilation).
How to select a row based on its row number?
And for good reason.\n\nAlthough Harris Y is bigger, has a basketball court (which I love), and a ton of other things that I love (pools, indoor/outdoor track, spin classes, various free classes) I'm partial to gateway.
(Sorry, for the tirade; that's a pet peeve of mine).
This is a by-product of what Visual C++ refers to as Identical COMDAT Folding (ICF).
FINALLY, a place to satiate my ramen needs!
Here are the relevants parts of my main activity.
The food is good--fairly typical bar fare--but it's the beer that keeps bringing us back.
I love Italian food, and I love Mama Ricotta's, so that should tell you something.\nMama's (as my friend's call it) is kind of unassuming, placed as it is in a strip mall-type of place.\nThe restaurant itself isn't very large, which can make for some crowded times during dinner and, somewhat surprisingly, lunch.\n\nThe food is outstanding however.
The basic interface, just like in the example The base implementation: And the factory: My repositories interfaces are defines as: And the implementation is And I use these repositories as autowired refernces in my controllers: I've looked at various resources on the web like , but I can't tell the difference with my code.
Merging a branch in SVN is an excruciatingly painful experience.
Simply put I LOVE it here.
To do this, do not change the selection.
You can use Command Design Pattern for more info :
Also is you like art don't miss the art collection.
one of these is as follow-- now assume / modify above query - table_name is the table name col1 , col2 and col3 is your table's column name.
Nothing on the menu is \""infused\"".
Windows batch way to replace all files in subdirectories with singular file (copy, rename all files) I have a good command over commands, but this may require a variable or a loop which is where I fail in batch commands.
The service worker even gave me a tip about making sure that my toll money is no-where in site when I get my next service change to avoid tempting some dishonest people out there (turns out the corners of a few bills were showing out of one compartment...all bills were still there).
I have tried to encode my input txt file in UTF_8 but it does not work as well.
While it is in a strip mall, once we walked in, we were greeted with smiles and told to sit anywhere.
Sadly, my home is filled (though I really wanted that 1960s desk...), and I had an item to buy (a filing cabinet).
Thank you so much Ps : I'm using TYPO3 6.2
Another success in a long line of accomplishments.
On the documentation of the version 2, it says that it supports multiple trackers, but I couldn't figure out a way to make both track the same view.
Using the examples from 4.1.1 "A Minimal Published Event" and 4.1.2 "Changing a Published Event" I am sending what I believe is a spec-compliant published event, and subsequent update.
Since I am not making any changes to the DocumentLibrary list schema, i can just reference that list and only need a ListInstance element that references the DocumentLibrary feature and list TemplateType.
screenshot I had just cleared my cache.
For some reason, my parents and I began eating Chinese food every Saturday night somewhere around 12 years of age and I've kept eating Chinese food at least once a week since then.
This place has improved so much.
I am setting the action in another activity where I am calling broadcastReceiver.
I advise go early (they open at 4:00) or make reservations.\n\nYes, they only offer Ribeye steaks.
Click the 'Back to map' button to go back to the original state.
Yes, if I want some fresh spring rolls (Gi cun), I'll probably head to Tram's, but when I want pho, I want no nonsense pho, and Pho Minh is the place to be.\n\nOn a sidenote; their other dishes are pretty good too, but for me I'm heading to Pho Minh for their pho.
Note that you won't even need a content script in this case: events need to be listened to in a background script.
The service is always good especially at the bar.
I basically want to setup some kind of "Google account", which wouldn't be served by Google, but would be fully compatible with Android devices.
The taste is okay and price is a little bit on the high end for the amount you get.
This is one of the true sleepers of \""neighborhood Pittsburgh.\"" Since 1979, this \""diner/family restaurant\"" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners.
I took this users copied crash report and manually pasted it into a text file and renamed it with the .crash extension.
I had believed that was the correct solution to do this, but it doesn't seem to be firing.
\n\nStep 1 (which I think the other reviewer skipped/missed): call them and make an appointment.
It was served with spatzel and green beans.
The List View is always present even though the datasource is empty.
You don't need the type when calling a method, only do this when you declare it.
Everyone is always very nice and knowledgeable!
As those apps are quite old they don't have publish_actions in the review set (and that's the only extra permission in that video.watches websites).
I got my new dog Crosby from ARL which happens to be a \""kill shelter\"".
So this should toggle the editor
I spied a number of delicious looking sandwiches from my table...\n\nService was great and the waiter even went out of his way to answer a couple questions about the cheese selection.
This is the go-to cafe in Mt.
This happens if the user is not in the current session or if the accesstoken is expired You can try by just using the logout url instead of destroying session before the logouturl.
2.2 Create Button in If you create the inside the , select the , go to the and add the created as for the .
The pizza is tastier than most delivery places.
What about when i use MasterPages?
Definitely killed the craving, and put a happy spring in my step for the rest of my errand walk around the Atwood area.\n\nThe service was fast and friendly, as there were more than enough employees waiting around for the afternoon and evening dinner rush to begin.
When I go there, it's because I want to get fat and happy and that's what happens.
But you should come here anyway, although for us, it will be for special occasions.
Great staff menu is solid & a Pittsburgh tradition.
My drink that I ordered wasn't my kind of drink, there were bitters involved, and my taste buds and bitters don't get along.
However when I close and reopen the app - it displays a black screen with a thin blue line on the left side.
Try changing the architecture for x86 if reinstalling the COM component doesn't work.
I especially enjoy the little additions they have such as the rocking chairs that look out on the runway as well as a nail salon, yes a nail salon!
Breakfast was really great, a wonderful way to start the day.
go back up to counter, its sunday no one is there so its not like its busy.
I am using Rails 3.2.13 now.
In this case, the field should really have two syntax matches; this also makes it easy to conceal the entire column (a la ) Second, there's a field for levels; I want to set the background of the entire line for a critical level message to Red, but the foreground should be continue to be set via the normal highlighting (component, source, etc; I left off most of the other requirements).
Read this article on MSDN and search on Google for how to write unit tests.
the rest of the panels move up with it and now I can't see the relevat content because it scrolled up.
We lost him to Chicago, but that's another story.
* update * I am also unable to symbolicate the crash report using the steps here: .
The rooms are standard with all the normal Westin perks, such as a bathrobe, dual shower heads, and heavenly beds.
Not expensive, long waits on weekends in the mornings but worth it.
I'd like to query certain json responses as shown in msdn blog post without having to write out a contract (datacontract, servicecontract, etc).
This in turn will be used to create the .
We made an open table reservation on a Friday night and though they called to say they couldn't necessarily honor the exact time, when we showed up they had our table waiting despite walk in customers waiting to be seated.\n\n6.
I had about half a day to kill in Pittsburgh, and this is where I ended up.
We got on the shuttle at 0700 and drove off the lot by 0717.
I'm just not sure what makes sense.
\n\nThe bathrooms were a bit tricky to access because of the amount of people, and could use some updating.
The same formula in with replaced should give the corresponding unit price, so appending should give the Cost.
It's what would happen if your souffl\u00e9 fell on hard times into a pancake and was working it's way towards turning tricks as a bread pudding.
There is a way of inputting a video url into this.
Please note that you are missing a starting div tag from the code you posted , I presume it's the one classed as 'network-container', that makes it a little harder for people to answer.
The show was awesome - very well produced and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.
Just check to see if the ID passed to the controller methods is an integer.
but the is depended on a particular event or should I create PaidMember class?
Even when they have forgotten something on my order during a delivery, they made sure to bring it back promptly.
I probably should have stopped, but couldn't.
As i was writing this it occurs to me that divide is another way to get a "unique" number but that could also equal very large numbers
Best of luck to you, kind sir!
You will have a variable for each of those numbers and then you print those out in your table format.
GOOD NEWS: In the newest qpython(1.2.2), it contains a qedit4web.py which allow you develop from browser and edit and run code from your mobile.
The access modifier needs to be at least .
Both dinners were full of flavor and were large in size.
Both the handler/thread declaration and the method are within the .
This can be taxing on resources, especially when the use scrolls quickly and lots of cells are created.
Don't let uptown parking scare you away from crashing this party, with the Discovery Place parking deck just blocks away RiRa is very accessible for those not living Uptown.
If you ever need catering for an event, I highly recommend Plate Perfect Catering!
How can I make it take all the functions?
Delicious, good service, one of our favorites places to eat.\n\nHighly recommend the sesame tofu - it is some of the best tofu I've ever had at a restaurant.
I just ordered a knife from their online store.
and that's what you go to a restaurant for!!
so when adjusting the first query to you get the expected result.
What's the difference between and ?
I don't usually order burgers since they rarely meet my high expectations of a well seasoned, juicy, not-too-big-but-not-too-small beef patty, but RiRa delivered on all counts.
You should achieve the desired aspect by taking advantage of the own attribute set, which helps you arrange the child views relatively to each other or to their parent: Using the you can achieve this.
\n\nI highly recommend Potomac bakery for a beautiful buttercream (not fondant) wedding cake.
I was looking for an engagement ring and had some very good options online, but I am willing to pay a little more for good costumer service and to shop locally.
Excellent choices of scotch and gin.
They end up like this: which can (and automatically will) be reduced to: The problem now is, that this results in a SQL like this: What I would actually need however is: resulting in what I would actually need: I can't use the proposed solution though because all of it is gonna be 'ed again.
Problems signing in with Facebook on some phones I have gotten reports from some people that they cannot log into my app with Facebook.
Its "how to package view helpers in a gem, so I can use them in Rails" Edit 2: I also agree with the poster below..
It uses the following method to draw a tiled image: Hope that helps!
There are two problems with your code as far as I can see: You seem not to not even connect to mongo.
I was wondering if anyone has a good idea for how to solve the issue, Thanks.
We would definitely stop here again.
Use rename to mark branches you're not sure if you'll need again with a specific prefix, so that you can scan past them quickly in a list of branches when you know you're not looking for an obsolete feature branch.
New states keep being added all the time.
A great value, plenty of parking.
Good, inexpensive place to eat at.
python IDLE shell appears not to handle some escapes correctly For example \b backspace prints as quad (shown as [] in example below).
Then I am using the Identity &amp; Access Tool to add a local development STS to Test my application.
A few weeks before the wedding I put the dress on and thought it looked a little tight over my butt.
There was one day that the hotel appeared to sell out and we had to park in the adjacent open lot.
The following are my example codes: As above, the code is duplicate!
It's not a place to string along a meal.
I want to know whether there is a problem in the configuration or my code.
HISTORIC LATTA PLANTATION\nCome check out this historica plantation if you're into old history about how farm life and slavery was back in the days in North Carolina.
In Netbeans (my preference) I've gotten as far as specifying the additional include directories, and netbeans recognizes it to the extent where it provides auto completion when including anything from boost/* e.g #include is fine but when I try to compile it I get: but I don't get why the file cannot be found...
In a pinch, Wendy's can do.
Try the steaks they are very good for the price.
How to integrate Citrus payment gateway without asking for login to user in ios?
The opera noted that they started in Oakland in someone's living room and the opera has been in Pittsburgh for seventy-five years.
Lint does not find an Activity from a Library I have a library project (in ADT) containing an Activity.
Applescript to add grandparent folder+parent folder prefix to filename I have multiple folders with sub folders that have files in them that need to be labeled with their parent folder+grandparent folder name.
A singleton would be fine if you're not going to store any of the information in between sessions.
He answered all of our questions and was very polite.
Ri Ra is a pretty good size Irish pub in the First Ward downtown Charlotte.
Now, if you want to know for sure whether this text is indeed rendered invisibly (and not using one of the other nasty tricks @jongware suggests in his comment, you'll have to inspect the PDF or share an example with us so that we can take a look.
The fried pieces of lasagna were hot and crispy and the two sauces and cheese were a perfect compliment!
For the past 11 years we have gone there or picked up dinner almost every Friday.
Indeed, it is blocked on Basically I never enter into the while loop..
Laravel 5 hasMany relationship on two columns Is it possible to have a hasMany relationship on two columns?
why this message come in php:notice undefined offset:2 I want to use the project PHP Weather 2.2.2 but it has many problems here is a code
How to remove or hide "Leave this page" button in confirm navigation of browsers?
This place has a lot of nicer high-end fixtures like lighting and faucets that I haven't seen at the big-time stores.
cshtml file is 'Content' so that could be the reason why you get errors.
I added the android part in which I open the webpage: The url is a normal webapage with a button on in.
They have the staples along with more seasonal and experimental type brews.
My aunt was visiting from Chicago and booked a room at the Inn after the Vanlandingham estate (which is a sister business to the Morehead Inn) said they were full.\n\nWhen I dropped her off, I went inside to check it out, and I'm glad I did.
that query selects from widgets (approx 8500) and prices has 777000 or so entries in it.
I got her attention again and asked if she was going to add more to the bottom and again she started arguing with me about how this is exactly what the picture showed and that I would see once she was done.
The veggies were all perfectly cooked and super fresh.
These rolls are never crunchy or stale; they don't cut the roof of your mouth when you bite in (ouch!), nor do they get soggy when adding condoments.
The curry laksa is really great if you look that soupy curry.
At 101st frame, rectCenterX = 300 pixels.
And in the end CER are the bread and butter of any fault tolerant code so this article contains pretty much everything you need to know, explained in a clear and concise way.
You do not need to use .
What I've never heard is anyone complaining about the meat temp.
Where do I find this file, so that I can add those three lines?
you don't want two separate requests trying to use the same connection at the same time.)
And no other dryer or towels available.
Regarding the first question, i have tested with launchMode=singleTask and the behaviour is the same of launchMode=singleTop.
The restrooms are never far away and plenty of parking, at a hefty price though.
I don't have much of a taste for coffee, I'll pretty much down anything that slightly resembles it and I'll be content.
You need at the beginning of each block of code.
This is used a lot, e.g.
The sweet potato fries are a great compliment to any of the burgers, wraps, or sandwiches.
To do it reliably, you need to ensure that and in them are replaced with HTML entities ( , ), and ensure that if they have in them, they're escaped with backslashes.
This is a top-notch mexican grocery, albeit a small one.
If there was only one criticism, it might be the drink selection.
You'll have to create a separate project and reference any data layers, etc.
I will do my connection through this airport if I have a cost effective option to do so, and i don't mind doing longer layovers here.
i can't speak to lattes and espressos because i've never tried them, even though QS supposedly just got in a new espresso machine.\n\nThe food is so-so, decent vegetarian fare, with the exception of most of the tofu dishes, which are spectacular.\n\nAnd the milkshakes are always a good time, even if they're a bit on the expensive side.\n\nCash-only if total is under $10.\n\nContrary to what some others have said, this isn't a hipster hangout.
If you look at the source code of the email app, you'll see that on Firefox OS 1.1 (v1-train branch) the activity handler for the share activity accepts 2 parameters: data.blobs and data.filenames.
Update 1 I tried to put the tags in front of the table, it did this : It seems like the last CSS command overwrites all of the previous ones (table 3px border gets overwritten by ...) I tried JRulle proposition, it gave this : Both of those will work in case no solution is found, but I would really want to have the table borders bigger than the inner borders for ...
After this you should have an "Insert Fields" list appear.
When I try this code, the button is hidden but I just want to hide the text on the button.
Casbah is fast becoming my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
But the driver said they were unable to locate the second cab and that it was against the rules to come back and pick up the second group who were still waiting since they were not the assigned cab.
(if the code you've posted is your whole code, then you're missing the and tags for starters, which is definitely not good).
Definitely makes it worth checking out.
The Fetch HTML tab though shows only source without being processed using JS which I'm guessing is fine.
It's a little pricey, but they have food options that are interesting enough to justify the price.
One way to do this, is by creating a two-dimensional array (there are other ways, but I'm using an array for the sake of simplicity).
generate random value of latitude (you can use uniform distribution or take into account shape of the earth).
The Primary key is what allows the many to one relationship to exist.
These vets do not require unnecessary tests on every visit, don't act like you hate your pet if you don't want to spend endless money on tests and such (my last vet wanted me to spend $1800 to run a test to MAYBE DIAGNOSE - not TREAT - my elderly cat).
encoding takes 3 input bytes and converts them to 4 bytes.
But again, I'd like to know if there's an accepted best practice for this kind of situation, and whether that contradicts the fastest method from a computational standpoint.
Flat, pan seared noodles with veggies, chicken and plenty of spices.
So php is doing it's job (by echoing the content).
The ribs were fall-off-the-bone good, at a decent price, with that tangy sweet sauce that so many people like.
Food is delivered in an acceptable amount of time.
At startup this RCP application creates a folder for the "configuration area" (see eclipse help) .
But for a special occasion dinner, I can't think of a better place in Charlotte to go.
However, when I try to run the program I get the error: .
The in the clause deals with that by converting a category to value (though in fact any value other than would work).
Dipping it into certain soups of the day (curry chicken and creole cheeseburger were my favorites).
It is a bit skinny but that adds to the character of the place.
The first time we went later around 9 pm or so and a lot of the fish was gone.
Named Pipes can be used for this.
The food here is very good.
it only exectes only if part sometimes and when i change something it only exectes else part ....
\n\nMy husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that.
delaying the hover of background- image CSS This creates a button with a background image, when hovered it hnages the background.
Is there a sensible way to use your own map/background images with google maps?
Does this occur with any other entries in the database or just this one?
Note: I'm leaving the languageCode part empty in the createTextRecord() method because I don't know what should be passed and in Android Developer site , it says "If locale is empty or null, the language code of the current default locale will be used." So if you know what languageCode should be passed, do let me know.
I've clearly misunderstood something extra basic, and I'd love for someone to clear my vision.
C# combobox in datagridview can not set Text I am writing code that display datagridviewCombobox in datagridview , i made it display and bind data to this datagridviewCombobox success.
The trouble here is that the underlying .NET dataset designer isn't properly schema-aware.
They've a semi-separate room for pool and darts.
These are probably the chillest raptors you'll ever see.
If you watch sites like golfnow.com you can find some great deals throughout the year.
They also offer a wine kiosk, hot bar, salad bar, and bulk olives.
They also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome.
I just bought my second pound of \""past due\"" blue in a year.
And it's her opinion that ultimately matters.
Went to visit this place for the first time yesterday and I was impressed.
There's a wide selection of beers - over 25 I believe?
or does java 8 have this kind of executor ?
They are a pizza and hoagie shop.
Slicing Tools for Eclipse Does anyone know if there are any open source tools for eclipse that can generate static program slices according to the slicing technique outlined by Mark Weiser ( I can only seem to find JSlice, which only works for Fedora.
Contrary to what my dinner date told me, you don't necessarily have to take off your shoes, though they do have traditional tables there as an option.
Updating all of them is quite painful.
I'm so glad I decided to have dinner at Miquel's tonight.
Chicken, beef, salmon, tuna, & shrimp.
I loved the beer battered fish and chips and the pork chop with broccolini and potato cake looked (and I'm told was) great.\n\n4.
Any other suggested approaches would also be very welcome!
btw, also I would like to use a method but it's not possible aswell.
The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price.
first it select the 100000 rows then ordered by ALLO_ID then Skip 10 finally select the 10 rows.
Plus, I also needed a notary.
It could have used some spice to round it out, but even so, it was still delicious.
The problem is when I upload a file I get the message after the file is uploaded 'no file selected'.
Some would disagree, but I have friends from Seoul who even think Sushi Kim has the best Korean food in Pittsburgh.(Granted we are speaking for Pittsburgh) It is pricier than Korea Garden, but the atmosphere is slightly more \""upscale.\""\n\nThey also have at least 3 brands of soju(Charm, Cheoeum cheo reom, and Jinro Chamisul), which for Pittsburgh is quite exceptional even though I would only drink the Chamisul.
Neat stuff, but I couldn't find documentation for that.
The spices were fresh, intriguing, and well-balanced, and the quality of all the ingredients seemed very high.
I called ahead to make sure they were serving fish and chips that day (they only serve it if the catch of the day is up to their standards) and they were.
Devise -- password doesn't match its confirmation for some reason I'm using and I can't add an user neither via no via .
If you're worried about speed, check out the toolz and cytoolz packages, which are 'fast' and 'insanely fast,' respectively.
It was such a relaxing atmosphere even though it is a smaller space.
If you just need to let the user view an image, you can save it to a file and use the command-line tool to open it in the Preview application.
The sauce is really sweet, the best thing I can compare it to is spaghetti O's sauce...
The decor of the restaurant was very nice.
\n\nI was pleased with their wine list- lots of great Italian reds.
My parents split an amazingly tempting apple cobbler served warm with vanilla ice cream and overflowing with delicious apples
I did a few tests and Swift does all operations with the correct value.
I have only heard good things about it- and from very particular comic book geeks.
One of the worst things about moving is having to find a new stylist.
The other points are well described in older questions.
However, it renders the first radio button as the checked one again even though state.type got changed.
TSA Precheck at all concourses as well.
Genius!\n\nI split the banana chocolate chip pancakes and the pumpkin pancakes.
attracts pretty arrogant customers - so it makes sense.
At the moment I have: However, this does not work.
Run a regex check on result.
If you dig deep enough into these effects you will find that both uses animate() effect with opacity.
She helped me stay in budget and searched for every discount I could get with my insurance and current offers through manufacter rebates.
You can store then wherever makes sense.
However, it may just work, and it will likely block for a shorter time (thus run "faster").
I shared some of the other female Yelp reviews with him and he laughed.\n\nDue to the other Yelp reviews I started with the fried pickles.
The food is delicious and well prepared, though it can be a bit pricey.\n\nI've visited Lidia's most frequently for brunch, and find the value to be top-notch.
You can create a matrix directly and just multiply the data with it: Benchmarking with eddi's
How can I recreate my versions on s3?
Below is my code: Let's say I have 21 rows, and the code only output 20 rows, and the 21th row is missing.
If you're a gin drinker, I highly recommend the Bee Keeper (my favorite) and Gin Blossom.
Am i correct in that for telling cassandra to use a certain keyspace i can create keyspace like so and then create tables in this keyspace like so Would this make cassandra to always use the configured replication strategy in the "MyKey" keyspace for that table?
I can't be the only one.
Multiple virtual hosts via Varnish, incorrect backend if served I have several backends set up, each one is detected in the VCL and then the correct set up applied.
URL redirection using powerdns and lua scripting I am building an internal whitelist browsing filter server for a business.
I ordered the cocoa fettuccine, with pistachios, leeks, cauliflower, and Gorgonzola.
I am using simple linear interpolation to calculate the delta-animation value for each frame.
What you should do is to carefully chose your probing method in combination with the hash table size.
They are delimited by length, not by end of stream.
It's not that bad, but there have been times when I've needed to reschedule 2-3 times due to work, and I just feel bad about that.
As with everything concerning Big Burrito, Soba is excellent in all departments.
This location is on the Southeast corner of Park Road and Woodlawn next to the Starbucks.
I saw a wall of glass jars full of many, many flavors for coffee that they sell by the bag.
Although somewhat experienced with writing Winforms applications, the...
Because my alcohol tolerance is (now) that of a 65 year old, sometimes it's just better that I have a drink or two and get home by midnight.
I'd be very wary of published software protection mechanisms, as they are much more likely to have published hacks.
Then, I want the same animated rectangle to translate by +200 pixels in X axis and also scaled down by half (0.5 units) in the last 100 frames.
I am also following Chain of Responsibility in CQRS.
The place is very clean and the menu has many choices ...
Now you can discard small components.
Upon first meeting him he didn't strike me a what I had in mind as a tattoo artist.
\n\nI don't think it's fair or accurate to claim that there is nothing to do in Champaign or that it is devoid of the cultural richness of cities like Chicago.
As a former employee (8 years) back when Joe H.
It is a great way to see their artistic abilities and expression, which is what tattooing is all about.
I have hosted several meetings here and the complete experience has always been favorable.
It may also misinterpret the data, e.g.
Braised Fish is delicious as always, but I would be perfect with a little spice.
only if it doesn't work ,i dont' want to install another postgres instance.
The best way to do this is my using the function like this: As the function returns an unordered result.
So, despite the fabulous scallops, so not worth the price.\n\nThe rest of the group loved their entrees, varying from huge and flavorful sushi rolls (I sampled a few and they were delicious; I wish I would have ordered sushi instead), to buttery, saucy whitefish dinners.
Basically efficient, well-priced, and quick piercings for students.
I'm not a fan of the Great Dane stuff, but there's still more than enough to choose from.
Xcode 7.1 certificate issue and invalid profiles We are two devs working on the same ios project, using same developer id.
our two small kids are just fine with buttered spaghetti noodles and parm cheese.\n\nWait staff was very good.
I followed the recommendations and get compliments on how good my truck looks all the time.
This is what tried for KnockKnockProtocol: And in the Server class, I call the KnockKnockProtocol like this : The problem is that , when I run my code I am always starting with the "Turnip" joke.
what i want to do is, when i query this collection, i want only first 2 arrays of the field to return.
Without it, the type hint in the constructor won't resolve.
You could do this using a callback function.
When composing the functions, this problem can't possibly arise because there are no names to get right: So we invented to do the same trick.
Ignoring the fact that is probably super dangerous to use here (unless the data in is controlled by you and only you), there are a few issues to fix in your example code.
In this below example i'm listing the same users in a table and menu and on click of the table row the selected user in the drop down is defaulted.
My personal preference would be fully-qualifying both type names throughout the source.
Saturday's \""Beer Poker\"" is my favorite - a random bottle from their cooler for three bucks.
Can someone help with some advice on how to debug this further?
Base Objects So I have two base objects/models: JournalEntry JournalEntryItems defined as follows: class JournalEntry(models.Model): gjID = models.AutoField(primary_key=True) date = models.DateTimeField('entry date'); memo = models.CharField(max_length=100); class JournalEntryItem(models.Model): journalEntryID = models.AutoField(primary_key=True) gjID = models.ForeignKey(JournalEntry, db_column='gjID') amount = models.DecimalField(max_digits=10,decimal_places=2) So far, so good.
We had the dumplings, sesame chicken and the orange chicken.
Ask for another basket when they drop the shrimp off!
I jabs been looking around but people only make it so that I can log the whole thing, not just the last line.
It was inviting, and the food was good.
Here, when after initialization, if you do it will return .
Consistent food quality, clean, and most important to me for judging Chinese food is a fresh cooked egg roll.
\n\nThe cost of their coffee and supplies is more than reasonable when compared to national brands available in local grocery stores.
What's wrong with my logic (Java syntax) I'm trying to make a simple program that picks a random number and takes input from the user.
\n\nI ordered the Italian grilled cheese which had an exorbitant amount of cheese.
but they did me a solid and sent out a cup of olive juice so i could make it as dirty as i pleased.
It did the job until I was ready to hop on the next flight back home.
It's much easier to shop if you have an idea of what you want.
Exposed brick everywhere and no noise dampening.
Both Outlook 2010 and GMail see the update as a NEW EVENT.
This is a small store and i you go to Jersey Mikes, you know what they have.
Keep up the great work Caribou.
I was given the discounted rate for all 5 rooms and was told I only needed to present my ID upon arrival.
Also note that reading a new key from a map returns the zero value (which for int is 0), which means the unknown key check in your code is redundant.
I expect there will always be some element of "fade-in" due to the nature of the evolutionary process (though tweaking the evolutionary operators may affect how this looks).
UDP packets include a field for a 16 bit CRC checksum which the receiving operating system will use to check for packet corruption.
It's not really convenient to just drive to and get a beverage but if you work in the Uptown area it's quite convenient.
Staff are marvelous, friendly, and know people by name (as well as learn your orders and take them before paying, if you come often enough).
Don't waste time for other solution.
The test file that comes with it has some examples of its usage.
You'll have to do quite a bit of drawing by yourself.
Actual size may vary, as it depends on implementation, so number of vertices - 154k and number of edges - 411k are more important figures.
Instead of checking null try below code Hope this helps!
Super fun night, met some cool people, ate healthy food.
Is it possible to do it without using 'mockFor' ?
Menu seems to have been updated recently.
I did not know about an funktion like you ask for.
When I first moved to the city I drove by the Pleasure Bar all the time thinking it was a strip club.
After call a php function by ajax how to apply its result for to check another submission If user not banned, user can comment here.
You also probably want to use the method to nicely center your window.
The black bean soup is almost fat free and the best I've ever had.
They worked with other local businesses, like Batch Bakehouse, and also didn't bat an eye when I suggested two craft cocktails for our bar, one that required the orange peels to be smoked.
Here is the code so far:
Also, we use the constant defined on to give us the month name, or the short_month name, which is just the first 3 letters of the month, if you're into that.
The Pasta trio is always great.
Each site collection can have a "Customer" group (maybe created from a site template), which contains the customer.
Look up the operators for division and remainder.
The Gecko DOM Reference is pretty complete.
That could be a div the styled during events and as other suggested make it contentEditable.
Then run The error occurs because you don't have JavaScript runtime environment, which is needed by .
\n\nHis knowledge and time that he took with me to figure out various equipment technical details to update my draft system was really appreciated.
Like in CSS I've got this XAML, and I don't know how to force Grid to take 100% width.
Other days the price is $12 or $10 for students/military plus the cost of equipment rentals.
So, does Android use some kind of WebDAV protocol for accessing things like calendar, contacts?
There you should edit and save "URL key" parameter.
Make sure you set JDK_HOME or JAVA_HOME appropriately, or look into this .
Raw fish paired with avocado and an interesting garlic sauce for a bit of salt.
In your Block file In your phtml file
There is a large area dedicated for tatami room style dining.
This article here explains it better.
The problem I'm having is that commands take a while to execute (and are not always successful in connecting to the devices due to or similar messages).
The last alternative (and probably the fastest) is a StoredProcedure, but in this case you need to go back to my first example and adapt the OracleCommand to use a StoredProcedure, (Add all fields as parameters, change CommandType to CommandType.StoredProcedure and change the text of the command to be the name of the StoredProcedure).
Looking for a neighborhood restaurant, with great service, fun environment.
Just store the users choice and you're fine.
Flights move in and out quickly without a huge domino effect with delays.
You can do it like : if you have more records, you can replace with and can iterate over .
The sauce was very very light, but still flavorful.
However, Sobel with mask larger then 3x3 is rarely used in practice.
Are you running the whole import in one big transaction?
Their beer selection is adequate (basically all the American macro lagers, plus a few of the more widely-known craft beers, like Sierra Nevada), and their bar is stocked with the full gamut of booze (except ouzo).
ok, I got it working consistently between the two accounts and the key was to set the UseMachineKeyStore flag.
Normally, it would have been 4.5 stars, but since they moved to a smoke free environment, it gets a 5 star rating.
:)\n\nA couple of times I have accompanied him to the Golden Razor and have always found Tom to be accommodating, very friendly, efficient and professional.
You get what you get and I love it.
And all for just $17 for all 4 of us.
Problem is not every symbol has the same number of quotes - so there are some seconds that have no quote record for any given symbol.
I did find a reference to a message framework, but for some reason can not find the documentation for it in the library (I'm sure it must be there somewhere...) The only other information I found suggested using a mailto: URL, which somewhat defeats the automated process I'm hoping to achieve.
Create a couple of ants, persisted, that don't belong to any ant hill.
The open kitchen didn't feel right for an upscale seafood restaurant that can/should be used for special occasions and dates.
We were hoping for a little more time, but after going to lunch it just got a bit closer than planned.\n\nWe were greeted at the front desk and we were told to head downstairs and an attendant will help us once we got there.
Apache CXF via TLS Update on 06/21/2012 A little update.
In additiion, the bitterness of the braised kale paired well with the smooth, creamy parmesan and proscutto risotto.
If your up to try something different, Beto's is it.
I also implementet a ActionListener for each Button in this for-loop.
My problem though is that website's search uses google search but the result of 'search' as you can see, are pointing to the old (wordpress) links.
Use this to stop at the first closing curly bracket.
I could have stayed there all day.
Had the kale caesar to start and the buttermilk fried chicken (like apparently the majority of customers).
The afternoon was spent among some of the worlds best art collection.
All that walking has worked up an appetite and bonus, there's a check-in special for a free glass of wine or beer, woohoo!\n\nI order up a bunch of Malaysian items and they all please.
\n\nAlso, they don't accept all major credit cards, which is odd.
If you suspect that some other process or thread in your app is taking too much CPU time then use: GetThreadTimes under windows or clock_gettime with CLOCK_THREAD_CPUTIME_ID under linux to measure threads CPU time your function was being executed.
Palm filet mignon and 3 lbs.
I've been to this Ruth's Chris several times.
Thus, you can define your own promise methods as follows : Then, you can make your methods available as follows : In general, you will want to write your methods something like this : By returning or , the method becomes chainable like the built-in Promise methods, eg : Example You can define the object containing the custom method in any convenient scope.
The part of my code that I wish to change is : The code works.
If you are looking to hire a caterer for an event, I hope that this review is helpful for you.
No one (NO ONE) has ever pressured me at Enterprise once I clearly said no (that has happened at other places).
Had breakfast here, super yummy southern biscuits!
Android: Can't set an image once a button is clicked (NullpointerException/IllegalStateException) I'm getting an IllegalStateException and a NullPointerException once the imageview is clicked (App crashes).
This was, however, my first Vietnamese meal, so my thoughts are necessarily less discerning.
Then she brings out the wrong entree for me ( or she put the order in wrong) so we pointed this out.
Enabling Zombie objects shows that the View Controller itself is the Zombie.
I am accessing this EJB from my WEB server using Context.lookup .
While searching in the web, I found out that the algorithm defines that a topic is trending, when it has a big number of mentions in a specific time, that is, in the exact moment.
Loved our sassy southern waitress & the corn bread she brought us.
Jersey Servlet - Best way to set root uri content?
Really good coffee in a not small mug.
The decor and interior is swanky, and the staff are super friendly.
Tullock Automotive is 2nd to none!
i place the enbaleEven validation="true" both in webconfig in that particular page.
However users being users I have found that some are using special chars like "£$%&amp;() etc and these are causing the JSON to be formatted incorrectly so the Controller Action is not binding correctly.
Normally I would use show_path but in my html doesn't work.
Rendering a blank drawingcontext seems to be very quick.
Your modal VC would have to do something like [navigationController popViewController:animated] to dismiss itself.
Quick suggestion add id as primary key column to users table.
ESC Y P s P s Move the cursor to given row and column.
I love coming to buy my scrubs here!!
\n\nI love making my own kimchi chigae - not proficient enough to make my own kimchi though.
How to add dictionary when we long press a word in android webview.
This actually turned out to be a pretty good place for a girls brunch!
Even though they're still pricey, at least I'm getting more food.
Its proximity to Frick Park makes it an excellent place to stop for sandwiches and provisions for a picnic.
I can't seem to work out how to get the following to work in JSON or Atom, any help much appreciated.
I have update the jsfiddle try this Actually your key is store_url not set_url.
When fails, I just run this part of the code again and it runs well.
curds came out a few minutes later - apparently they forgot about us.
EDIT: As it turns out, for static objects, I can't rely on when and in what order they are constructed.
Dusted over the top was a thin coat of granulated sugar (it may have been turbinado) and just a hint of course sea salt.
The bourbanzola was a good addition.
In fact, it desires so strongly to be delay-signed, that I am unable to force Visual studio to compile it without delay signing.
This library is used by a project that uses this Activity.
IMHO you have 2 driver implementation, one on the app server and one in your project dependencies, there must be a classloading issue as the retrieved driver implementation is loaded by the shared class loader and you try to cast it to a class loaded by the webApp class loader.
So the situation is improving, but that remains a work in progress.
My Action method code In my View, Jquery code as follws I checked it using debugger, But it doesn't work for me.
I'm assuming you want to click the button that says "click for hide" to hide the .
Unless you have 4 - 6 people dining with you, get the small portion.
The output is the same as above.
I am not sure if they take checks or debit cards, so I stopped at an ATM on the way over just to be on the safe side.\n\nI am not exactly sure what their hours are for the cafeteria, but I have only been during the week and at lunch time.
How can I find int values within a string I have a string, e.g.
And while the seats are showing some signs of wear, the good news is the 2,881 seats will be repaired and refurbished to the tune of $450,000.\n\nYou know, it always feels really special here.
\nWe ordered the Tuna & Kiwi and Andy's Sushi Combo.
This place really needs to figure out the PARKING ISSUE...It is a $15 a night to park, which is not a huge deal when you are in a great location but what a pain in the ass to get there!
\n\nI will recommend this place to ANYBODY and will use them in the future.
Thankfully it was nice outside and they did have a couple of seats in front although that left us subjected to the cigarette smoke of the workers and a crazy group of loud people right next to us.\n\nFor our dinner we decided to order a XL cheese pizza and also a large white pizza.
The public and the private key are on my server in the .ssh folder of the tomcat user running jenkins.
The service is consistently above average.
I definitely recommend this place :)
I had some, too, and they were very good.
Again the Cabana would be good if you had an elderly person with you because it has a TV in it so they too could relax instead of having to just sit there!!\n\nThey're is PLENTY of people watching going on and all in all we had a great day we were there for almost 7 hours so we were all tired and let's say some got a little sunburned....me :(
Rails: Can't run DB Rake on OS X 10.6 because gem SQL lite cannot be found Here's my error message when I do a DB rake: Could not find gem 'sqlite3 (>= 0)' in any of the gem sources listed in your Gemfile.
Tech zone- they can help repair your computer\n10.
distance from me but result should be 1m distance.
In order to connect to mongo using mongoose you have to use Also, your database.js is not valid javascript.
Consider the simple case of these five files: This will fail in a fashion that may be very surprising to the uninitiated.
It automatically provides results from your application's Help Book and menu items.
Also, my manicurist went MIA when I was in the nail dryer and I had to find another manicurist to fix one of my nails.
is used to discover items associated with a XMPP entity.
I went there for Sunday brunch.
The bartenders are great and every drink I've had has been tasty and made perfectly!
I want to be able to look at the workflow diagram for this document to see exactly where it is stuck.
Everything was great except that the water in the shower WOULD NOT heat up, ever, rendering it unusable.
If does not change, make it That qualifies both, the array and the (which is each string literal) it points to const.
the above code is, I think, cross browser compatible; but if you're looking for a more up-to-date technique that simplifies the loop (to omit the checks), then you can use as the selector technique: JS Fiddle demo .
You can also try this code, applies for other file extensions too.
I'm hoping it was a coffee stain.
It does tend to get pretty crowded, though, on Wednesdays, so allow yourself enough time to be seated and get served all within that timeframe.
Disregard the sniffy reviews by food snobs; Monty's is great at being what it is, a nouveau diner with an eclectic menu, welcoming to old and young, hipster and square, LGBT and straight,etc.
Proximity of polylines in time Given two paths in 2D, each described as a polyline (sequence of points where each two consecutive points are connected by a straight line), I would like to find the parts of the paths that are closer than a given distance d; i.e.
It is small enough that you can ride every ride in one day and large enough so you are never bored.
And the waitress was probably the nicest on our drive from Dallas to CT.
But I'm trying to exclude slow mo, rather than select it.
Miss you already...\n\nSincerely, \nYour two humble patrons.
I convert A to be vector, and I run 2 loops over B on for rows the other for columns, iteration I pick the first rows and columns of B, convert them to a vector and then calculate the correlation between them.
They definitely had something for everyone!
Dynamic rule validation persistence between validator calls I've came across this problem a few times, but could never find a solution, only work arounds.
Not sure it should work actually: Just do some minute checks: 1.exclude should be part of class Meta 2.make that exclude from tuple to list , (not sure if it helps) 3.or instead of exclude try giving fields = (#some fields names, ) Hope this works ..
The staff members were all very nice and did a great job.
Although modified keys such as Control-C (^c) are not supported, certain characters that require the shift key to be held down -- namely punctuation marks such as ?!:@&amp;{} -- are supported in v1.0.14+.
\n\nBut unless you get a new/er movie or are just very lucky, it can be difficult to find widescreen movies.
Assuming you want to use and not just specifically, and assuming that is meant to be an integer range like , that would be
when you walk into tram's, you'll be seated and handed menus and approximately 45 seconds later be asked if you're ready to order yet.
Or am I just fundamentally misunderstanding how call stacks are being created/used?
You can explore your psychic side with a modest selection of power crystals, tarot cards and scents.
In response to other reviews - I only go when I want to enjoy an evening, not a fast food experience.
Does anyone know of a good software development framework or similar that has the following properties?
You don't need to declare them in the clause.
But as a beginner i would like to just add alert in each function: Also, working link:
Anyone who says this place is over priced needs their head examined!
You just need to set up the validation Could you post the whole object where you have got the code beginning with from?
I'm looking forward to the completion of the additional parking which should alleviate the congestion and make my time in and out even faster.
I had to change the line: to for the correct Bool return.
It also felt like a family environment and the office building is adorable.
Seems like Soba would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though.
The hard part will be figuring out which object it is.
Why did parseFrom() function hang using protobuf in java socket?
How come using the storyboard, the navigation item title can be set, but not the back button text?
With all the new specialty burger joints popping up across the country, I still dare any one of them to stand off side by side with Tessaro's.
Unfortunately, there's no way to make behave the way you want, so you will need to fake it yourself: I'm not sure if this will work, as it depends on being able to compare objects, and also I don't know that identical nodes from separate XML documents would compare the same anyway.
As it is, the process wasn't a problem at all.\n\nThe bar had two soups, half a dozen different meats, a couple of rices (one white, one brown), lo mein, some vegetable options and a dessert.
This is unlikely to be what you want.
\n\nPost-brownie sundae, bestie's baby to-be kicked.
Then you can loop through your array and quickly check if a user with the same key exists in your new object.
And then, you will be able to learn Common LISP.
\n\nI'd read enough reviews to know that the white-haired man was Jerry.
He sandwich is huge and delicious.
You could store that value in a persistent value such as , a file, db, etc...
Any suggestion where am I wrong?
Below is my code: How can I change the font size of ?
But am not able to figure it out so far.
This is one of the greatest restaurants I have ever been to and I wish to god I had the kind of wit and vocabulary to accurately reflect the really really REALLY good meal I had here.
Other than that, I don't have much to say because this restaurant really speaks for itself.
GTK+ does have a C interface and natively supports a macOS interface, but it's not particularly native.
The next course was five Pretzel Rolls looking great on a plate (see photos of all this if you like).
As far as GE's go, this location is great.
This will do the job although it won't be as efficient: And then select from your table like so:
I also appreciate the affordable selection of local milk products, eggs, bread (Allegro Hearth, yum!) , and honey.
If you just want to see how it can be achieved...
They have a wide variety of meat and cheese products, most (all?) of which is produced locally.
I've already tested TableView, GridPane but they work very slow with huge amount of data.
Prior to making this post, this is the LINQ statement I attempted: Of course, it didn't work either.
(In previous trips, we had both thought the food a touch mild, but knowing there was an Indian heat scale fixed that problem right off).\n\nIt was a wonderful dinner, and I can't wait for our next trip!
You know how JImmy Buffet has Cheeseburger in Paradise?
The reason is that the user of your module sees only what is in the header file, and you defined no members of the struct in your header file.
But on the next day I found some rows missing, and when I tried to insert new rows, some primary key related error occurred.
Check in specials on yelp as well as foursquare!
We have quite a number of EMS tools here and they're all pretty good - much prefer using their SQL Manager for SQL Server tool to the ones that come with SQL Server, or any of the commercial offerings we looked at a couple of years ago (Toad, Redgate, Embarcadero etc from memory, I think).
Here's a quick example: Now, an element in your view, say a TextBox can bind to the method parameter: The method return value can then be used in a binding elsewhere: Again, this may not work in your scenario, but it does illustrate a way to pass a parameter to a method and use the return value entirely in XAML.
Can u try to rename the file to log4j.properties and also line should have either debug or error not both
What is a maximum number of arguments in a Python function?
May be it should be in ?
Apart from the obvious "just comment this in the class, this guarantees that a developer never screws things up"-answer.
People say that site loading performance could caused the issue.
Now belongs to the class itself, not one of those objects.
The lightbox is a widget from Dreamweaver.
There is a large selection of sauces, oils, and noodles.
The cook here hit every mark we set.
A good airport to connect or travel thru.
Try: Note the ";" delimiting each separate statement.
\n\nThe hostess and server were both extremely nice.
Startup Script with Elastic Beanstalk I'm using Elastic Beanstalk (through Visual Studio) to deploy a .NET environment to EC2.
My intention was to get back to Sweet Tea's today, but they are closed on Sundays.
The decor is a little PIer One but that's forgivable.
Now , I have to found the zero contour and interval tree to identify the peak in histogram.
tldr; Easily 5 stars for someone who has never been to an Eye Care in the United States.\n\nIt started out last Friday July 18, 2014 when I called the Illini Eye Care.
dynamic, routes, gateways, iptables firewalls, blah blah blah).
How to enable MySQL client auto re-connect with MySQLdb?
Friendly local market with a fantastic selection of fresh meat, salads, and bakery items.
The peanut butter topping was fluffy and sweet.
In Python 3, you can use to make assignable inside .
The first thing you should do is analyze the query plan , to see what indexes (if any) SQL Server is using.
This readRes() Read the response status line and response headers.
The rotating menu is awesome, and I've tried a lot and never gotten anything bad.
\n\nIf you're luck to nab a seat/table near the door I would recommend it.
Edit: I have experimented a little with a Qt app that uses some widgets and a sqlite database.
Everything I read wants me to use STUN/TURN/ICE servers.
But like I said, this is unlikely.
My problem is when I send request to that webservice with below URL it's giving me the below error message Here is my Code My web.xml code I already read many articles but no progress, so please let me know, How can I handle this issue?
\n\nAnyway, it took all my willpower not to have a pizza eating contest with myself right then and there.
This is a place to indulge for dinner and wine.
She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.
I had two IPAs that were good and reasonably priced.
It's a great spot to learn more about the city and state...
They stuff the sandwiches with cole slaw and fries (yummy).
There was so many choices I need to to keep going back.
Assuming you are having relationship and you have declared likes relationship as: create a new function say as: now you can override function as: or you can use getattribute function as : and simply access likesCount as you can even eager load it like: Same logic can be used for morph many relationships.
It came with some almonds and some cranberries, but the polenta itself was great.
The solution to your question depends highly on the device you are using.
This place offers a AAA and a park pass holder discount.
I live in Connecticut and visit family in Pittsburgh often.
Ah Zorba's, makes me feel young again.
I am calling stored procedures that retrieves all data that I would like to store into custom class.
You can look at the following post and discussion thread for handling ScopeRegionManagers across Navigation : Prism Region Navigation and Scoped Regions Navigation and ScopedRegions Basically, Agustin Adami's proposal would be to obtain the scoped RegionManager from the Region.Add() method, through the NavigationResult passed in the navigation callback from the RequestNavigate() method.
I still like Chipolte and Salsaritas, but they don't have anything on Qdoba's Mexican gumbo.
Still, a good one to know if and when it becomes more widely supported :)
Not completely sure if I understand what you are trying to do, but I gave it a shot.
Typically, new dogs are brought over on Saturday (when there are no other dogs around) so Barbara can get a sense of its temperament.
The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied.
A check like doesn't make much sense in a copy constructor; the point you are passing to the copy constructor is never going to be the object that you are initializing at that point (since it's a brand new object), so the check is always going to be .
I love it when a hotel pays attention!\n\nWe would absolutely recommend The Priory!
Chartboost test scene not working in unity I made an app for android with unity3d, and want to include chartboost into it.
Why would aDate sometimes return as nil?
Assuming one has an extension method : The method doesn't save the sequence to memory, it works like making one iteration (see MoreLinq or
I am thinking to do like this but not sure if it is ok
Yes, the store is small and usually crowded and the majority of the people who shop who here completely unaware they are NOT the only people on the planet.
The facebook pixel analytic page shows all traffic, regardless if they clicked an ad link or not.
I will attest, for over a year I walked right by the roasting oven in search of other ethnic delights at the plaza fiesta, but to my dismay the greek place in the mall shut down and i decided to try something new.
The UIColor class is just for creating colors, it has nothing to do with rendering or positioning them.
The staff is quick, friendly and very \""with it.\"" This is a true family business and the food is fantastic.
What is MSVCP90.dll MSVCP90.dll is Multithreaded, dynamic Visual Studio 2008 C Runtime Library.
The sauce was fragrant too, not fishy.
Elegant way to iterate in C++ Let's say I have a vector of Polygons, where each polygon contains a vector of Points.
please give me some advices about it.thanks
She was friendly without being overly so, and we had a nice conversation while she dealt with my train wreck nails.
From large corporations to small startups, from €multi-million research consortia to undergraduate projects, our user community is the largest and most diverse of any system of this type, and is spread across all but one of the continents1.
It was just a step up, maybe two, from frozen pizza.
Both would make invoking and unnecessary.
Move the from the toolbar to the Framelayout.
Compared to other Whole Foods locations, this one is tiny!
Unless of course I am eating it from Emeril's (Las Vegas) which was the best Caesar I've ever eaten.
(Session("userid") is the new registrants generated userid) The problem is the above doesnt work as the newuser somehow has different credentials.
The whole time my step daughter and I never knew he was the store manager but we can see why after we found out.
It took me a long time to find a vet I liked and I will definitely stick with and continue to recommend this place.\nMy only suggestion is that they learn to treat chickens.
Did you think about parent/child instead of nested?
I saw some documents that disregard doing this.
I like that Casbah is willing to customize plates at no extra charge or nuisance - they removed all bacon items from my entire meal and replaced them with other dressings, etc.
The roasted red peppers were from a can, but were good.
\n\nAbsolutely go for brunch - Sundays 10 to 2.
We waited over 5 minutes before someone even offered to take our drink orders and so we went ahead and ordered food to not risk another wait before she takes our food order.
The Bronzini dish is always excellent and they try to add a few other tasty specials in from time to time...
unclicked spinner clicked spinner How could I do this?
There is currently not a managed DLL available from Microsoft that wraps the Management API; however, there are a few other options.
Be careful about trusting the console, there is often asynchronous behavior that can trip you up.
On Linux I can't get this to work.
I am running Mac OSX, and don't know my way around the Terminal too well.
But the slooooow service drops it a notch.\n\nOur server didn't have an extensive knowledge of the beer list.
But it's a great place, that's what I'm trying to say and I'll for sure be back to get my proper English lady on!
I'm struggling with this on IIS right now and in my struggles, stumbled across an excellent guide for Apache: I hope it helps.
DF1 DF2 Desired Result I created this script to try and do this but I think it's failing because of DF1 is immutable and so my request doesn't create a start point for the chunk.
If I comment the if statement, everything works like a charm (except to check the default radio button if old input is missing).
it's good article it will help u
It's cool how they do it.
Actually, take a look at what Sam Saffron came up with...
But when I remove this background and trying to save the clean light as PNG image this is what happenes.
Idioms: Both languages have manual memory (resource) management, but C++ gives you some tools to hide the need.
Its methods maybe: , and .
My personal favorites are the sesame chicken and the cold sesame noodles.
I've been here at all hours of the day, and the crowd is always interesting...
The time series i use for forecasting calculation starts at 2013-01-01 and ends at 2013-12-31!
Unable to get desired output in mysql I am working on a project report which requires some tricky output from a single table.
You could probably substitute the side, but why would you want to?\n\nIf you're hungry when you arrive and can't wait for a burger (or if you are Catholic and grace this place on a Friday during Lent), I enjoy the Seafood Chowder -- rich and creamy with chunks of seafood and just the right combination of seasonings.
No footsies or romantic hand holding but just shuffling forks with an extreme eager to try each other's plate.
I've been using in production for a couple of years.
I can run in, order, head out pretty quick.
Obviously if I use the background-attachment: fixed; css property, the background becomes fixed to the body tag and not of the actual div.
Worth the wait to get a table since Diners,Drive ins and Dives had been there.
I have always had the best experiences.
Edit: I've been able to solve the problem in a make-shift way, by making a CNAME record of one of my own domains (as a sort of alias) that goes to the same spot as It sucks because the user now sees a different URL, but it still works in that it doesn't invoke the intent.
Please refer this optimizing guide here Also the more precise guide to what you are looking found is well defined here in Apple Docs and here .
I hope that this was not confusing.
\n\nI'll definitely be filling out my loyalty card here (8 sandwiches, get one free).
If you declare in and use that in and you might think this would only include the compiled in but not in the other two.
Professional, super friendly, and aiming to please, Hendrick Lexus is as good as it gets!
I'll rate the Cake 2.89 yelp stars, I had two bites and though neither of us liked it that much and my friend doesn't even like Chocolate someone cleaned the plate.
They had a great selection of reasonably-priced Carhart gear in the center of the store that I was eyeing for Christmas gifts, and I also saw an aisle full of ceramic teapots that I reluctantly avoided to prevent unnecesary spending.
I'm using KSOAP2 library and one of the properties is missing (server is giving an error which occurs when is .
Below shown is the method that i am using to write the data //reading the data In my did read data delegate i am not getting the tag value what i have passed.
So, for example, if the (and, thus, ) date is and the on a post is , then I know that post was created prior to but updated afterwards.
But really, who needs an email when it comes the next day with a printed receipt in the box?
\n\nWe did a little buffet style and tried a little bit of everything!
(I have only used the embedded productivity tools in Notes).
Reload your start up file (e.g.
...better is declare the name as varible ,and ask before if thereis a apostrophe in the string: e.g.: DIM YourName string YourName = "Daniel O'Neal"
If you're using Apache the simpler way is to define a global variable On RedHat like edit /etc/sysconfig/ and adjust these two lines to your environment:
I know I ordered it medium rare, but I doubt it spent more than 30 seconds on the grill.
First VSCode shows me sometimes that isn't a module, even if I installed it with typings and added the to the list.
How about with other continuous integration tools?
We were already halfway up the steps.
Everyone always raves about how delicious everything is.
Tender, flavorful, caramelized on the outside.
For the JSP pages this encodeURL is achievied using WHat i have tried In my servlet show below, I did not see any Jsession ID being appended to the URL.
There are few things to consider (Real World Problems): The convolution "Asks" for pixels beyond the image.
Before I left the parking lot I called my best friend to tell her that I will never go another place in Charlotte.
Their hand and wrist massages can't be beat.\n\nThe pedicures are great: my experiences have been a little rough and tumble, but they sure make my feet look amazing.
I haven't had drinks there, or been there during an evening or weekend rush.\n\nI absolutely love this place.
What is the safest way to authenticate user in FLASH app placed on MVC5 page?
The meat itself was very tender and had a distinct juicy flavor which went perfectly with the light gravy that came with it.
Anyone Have MediaPlayer Working with ParcelFileDescriptor and createPipe()?
Changing your ajax submit to something like this should make things work.
Bought cheese, breads, and Pate, and Apple Turnover!!
Now not every user may have read/right access onto a employee.
Come get your creative juices flowin - \n\nWhat a great way to spend 2 hours on a Friday afternoon!
\n\nPei Wei is Chang's super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007.
50 dollars of grocery can last you a week and a drink at the bar is around 3.
\n\nI highly recommend Eddy for anyone with curly hair!
See JavaDoc documentation for more information.
The Python operator checks for object identity , not object value.
I guess the norm is to just throw a pair of shoes away if a heel wears down or a zipper breaks.
Sam and his cafe of dive heaven.
You can place your order to go before you do your grocery shopping, then pick it up when you are done.
Plus, at the end of the night our server gave me a box of chocolate covered strawberries to take home.
I am currently developing a script in PERL it works but I would like to append the contents to the CSV file whenever the script is executed
My solution is fastest and easiest.
I would suggest ensuring that you have the correct connection details.
I always love coming to the Benedum.
\n\nSo while the admission fee is $15.00, it does include both the Natural History Museum and the Museum of Art.
How can I make it so that it stays on ?
\n\nIt's gets kinda crowded from 5-7 pm (after work hours), but it's never too bad, and it's certainly much thinner during the morning and later evening hours.
This restaurant really does deserve the awards that adorn their walls!!
Most importantly - this is the only place in CLT to get a full liter of delicious, German beer.
So I've created a custom UITableViewCell with a Label and UITextField.
\nThe rib tips and bbq are their specialty but understand that they serve much more than that.....I also tried the lemon pepper wings, hush puppies, potato salad, mac n cheese, fries and lemonade which were all 5 star and easily, in my opinion, pushes them into the bbq/soulfood arena.....seriously!
Still going to go back regardless, just need to figure out when.
They take their time, ask you questions and treat you like a person instead of another number in a long line.
This turns out to be a very complex problem, and it is already solved for you.
Also, I feel guilty at not letting people in on this gem.\n\nTo be clear, I LOVE Redfin Blues for a very SPECIFIC purpose: sitting outside on the patio by the water on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon drinking the bar out of Red Stripe and white wine and eating peel and eat shrimp by the 2 pound bowl with B, Ems, Boyfriend, and whoever else is so lucky.
If a parenthesized subexpression gets used more than once as part of a , , , or repetition operator, it's the last match that counts.
After hearing about AF and reading the reviews, I was expecting an amazing experience.
It doesn't seem to get there when I debug the system This is my code behind I want to criticalItem.text to tell the Inventory that is less than its critical level.
Remove signing from an assembly I have a project open in Visual Studio (it happens to be Enyim.Caching).
If you have to do all this querying in process I suggest you add a after the first select and run that in isolation.
I looked at the list and ordered a Dogfish Head 90 minute.
Simply cancel the setInterval and restart it again with the new time.
Open links in webview android html I am developing a webbased app for android, winpho and ios.
\n\nGreat bar scene--big bar and cocktail tables for before and after your meal (or if you're there just to hang out).
For my latest project I need a simple PHP script that display an image according to its ID sent through URL.
The food choices are great and you will find an SB every few stops to keep you going.
A couple of comments regarding the OP's analysis: I'm assuming you have already constructed your treemaps/sets and are just extracting elements from the finished (preprocessed) in-memory representation.
Read up on thing called "Closure Tables".
Watch for weekly deals such as cheaply priced pints and local brews.
Actually, not living in Pittsburgh anymore, I've yet to find an authentic deli that's this all-around good here in Denver.
Our only disappointment is that we didn't save room for dessert.\n\nOther observations:\n-Going early helped avoid parking lot anxiety--they get Busy here.\n-Our red-haired waitress was friendly, intelligent, and overall awesome.
One large beef summer sausage I brought to my thanksgiving hostess.
Luckily that did not happen.\n\nI seriously had SO MUCH fun here!
But how to use this library in my case?
How to log an audit response using Camel / Wire Tap?
Here is the fragment of code: Is there a way to ignore properties with null values during deserialization?
Well I have to admit straight away, I'm not a boot scooter, honkey tonker, line dancer or even remotely a country type a gal by any stretch of the means.
Concentric arcs in C3.js I am trying to implement concentric arcs in a donut chart in C3.js.
Cross platform: it should be runnable on XP, Vista, OSX and common versions of Linux (such as Ubuntu and Kubuntu).
That sounds easy, but it gets complicated quickly.
If I remove the ORDER BY clause at the end of the rendered SQL statement, the query executes in less than a second - perfect.
Not everyone likes to use type inference where it's not completely obvious though, so I'll let you off that one.
The C standard library is very(!) sparse.
Can you give a rating with a number keystroke?
I have a txt that looks like: I want to search for the keyword for example .
The issue is how to make the inputs, textarea and the post button in one container and at by taking in consideration that there is a label for each one (out of the container).
Couldn't have been happier and will recommend it to everyone I know.
But I am finding that @Inject of any app-logic-ejb EJB's from any Java within the WAR files are not working.
Go and enjoy some of Wisconsin's very best fried cheese curds.
something like: Please note - these are not working rules, but should help to figure it out.
Having necessary steps at program shutdown leads to fragile programs that break easily.
check if folder name exist on 1b.
The reality is that the first computation is done in machine arithmetic, while the second is done in software arithmetic, that happens to have the same numerical precision.
AST To avoid any chance of error in code manipulation using an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) type solution is best.
Whoever doesn't give Page a 5 has no soul.
Check out the Xmas display of Studio 56 stuff!
if you're going out to vietnamese for the food, go here.
I don't think it's working smoothly.
When I first walked in, I was rather surprised at the decor.
And oh my gosh, did I mention the oatmeal raisin cookies?
SSL not work in PHP5.6 on Windows I tried: And: But both returns: As if I had not been able to connect.
Naturally a part of it is the fans fault.
When the log file is opened it is locked so you won't be able to read it using File.ReadAllText.
This is my go to place for a fun relaxing evening dinner uptown.
It's immense charm makes up for the fact that it is slightly outdated and still pricey at $10.
I religiously check the ingredients of the food that Gus eats, I wake up at absurd hours in the morning during the summer so his walk isn't too hot, and he has this crazy dog seat/throne in the back seat of my car so he can look out the window.
I tried to use DotNetZip and during uziping program threw exception that it can't be unziped, because library can't operate this files.
Is there a way to do that?
They wine selection was pretty good for the South.
207 of The Definitive ANTLR 4 Reference and I'm trying to figure out how to adapt it to my listener methods.
As for the F3 question: the code you wrote will work as long as the flash application has focus.
The Pulled Pork sandwich was also a hit with my family.\n\nAs for desserts....they have root beer floats.
How do I get the device given a UUID from libblkid?
Being that it's a , I know it's sorted, and thus I know that the median of it is either the middle element, or the arithmetic middle of the two middle elements.
For example there are 5 screens, the main screen, 4 other screens connected to the main screen.
I had the szchuan chicken and asked if they would substitute broccoli for the red peppers and they graciously complied.
Your compiler predates 1998 by several years so it is not surprising that it does not allow some things that did become part of the C++ Standard.
Look out for a potential future review, Yelpers!
Instead, start with something like a and override it's method.
Trust me; if you've ever needed used bottles, this is a cheap convenient way to get them.
I decided to give Matt's Chicago Dog a try because I've always noticed the crowds, I love hot dogs, and I love Chicago (I'm a sucker for marketing).
Detect linux version 5 or 6 I am new to shell script as I do to detect the version of linux?
\n\nFinally, we made our way to the steaks.
Good Customer service always makes you come back!
They're cheaper than D's and everything is easy to find.
There is nothing really to complain about here.
A new csc.exe that is implemented atop #1.
My problem persists after trying easy upgrades: spring-security 3.1.7 (up from 3.1.2) spring-ldap-core 2.0.2 (up from 1.3.0) spring-ldap 1.3.1 (up from 1.3.0) Thanks.
i know i have to pass there a parameter in but what i should pass i have no idea.
filter "items" with Jquery via a Dropdown I currently have Dropdown at the top of the page and a long list (83 boxes in rows of 4) underneath it.
JSF 2.0 has Bean Validation (JSR 303) and also its own Validation Framework JSF 2.0 has offered (JSR 303) and its own , given the choices, i am confused with which one to choose from.
Here's my resource: Here's my class: And here's how I'm invoking : Here's the error I'm getting from : ...and here's the error in Restlet: What am I doing wrong here?
The chefs here did a \""creative\"" platter with a medley of different seasonal and local veggies that were amazing.
\n\nI have also heard that they turn it into a Spanish club on the weekends, which is awesome.
So great that it almost completely makes up for the lack of wing size.
It's like a Menards thrift store.
That said, you should look at any of the existing CSV libraries out there (Google for Java CSV).
But if we get to that step, I am confident that they could not do anything wrong in my eyes.
This will bind to all addresses that are on the machine right now.
Message Box hidden in Windows form.
The practical difference is that many data-binding methods (including most if not all of the .NET controls) use reflection to bind to properties only - they do not support binding to fields directly.
The waiter highly suggested the gumbo, and it was really good.
If so, how is it done?
At any given time, I may be working on several different B/D branch/tag combinations.
That's a lot of money for eggs and pancakes!!\n\nWe were a little overwhelmed when we first arrived because the waiting area was packed.
The perfect blend of soft tangy tartness.
Can it be done solely using xml?
I am not being able to identify the issue.
That can be done with a list or array: The method recommended in the other answer ends up using the copy-by-fields approach.
PhoneGap has some plugins for that.
FYI: I omitted the start anchor ( ) and end anchor ( ) from the regex you noted in your question because it seems like you want to find matches with longer strings of text as input and the anchors would restrict the matching to only instances where the entire input string matched.
Sort a dictionary of arrays in python with a tuple as the key I a dictionary with a string tuple as the key and an array as the value: I am writing this to a csv file: output: I'd like to sort it based on the first number "column" before writing to a file (or after and just rewrite?) so the output should be like: How do I do this?
This place is great for sharing so order different dishes and eat them family style.
There are chances that the first solution is faster.
I tried to create .bat file and execute this file in my program, but like before it didn't work, when I executed it in my program and when start manually it works.
This should give you the result of the corresponding node, that is, 50+6.75+4.5+...
This linqpad works fine for me: Output:
He chimed, \""no problem.\"" That was, until he called up my reservation which indicated that I had booked from another vendor.
But they have fresh pasta you can buy in the front of the house, and they've got great specialty items.
Documentation is a tricky term since it involves different artifacts and different tasks, what do you mean by documentation?
Do you have any general advice on that?
I'm using SimpleMembership with ASP.NEt MVC.
Both of us ordered the morning after breakfast with the strawberry pancakes.
I have a 2005 Lexus GX470 which was purchased new from Hendrick Lexus on Independence Blvd in Charlotte.
I was also allowed only a single bite and was also very impressed.
It very well might have taken me 20 minutes or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list was not only long, but offered more innovative choices than I could have ever dreamt up.
Of course you will, Microsoft China was in a similar situation back when their Juku Blogging Service was found out to be a rip-off of Plurk, and yes, line by line code copying.
The waitress poured the sauce for the dish right in front of you so it was \""sizzling\"".
This is the best burrito in Charlotte in my opinion.
The bean factory needs to set up a proxy which implements the transactional logic around each method call.
Initially, I was worried about the atmosphere--IMO, the decor is a little stuffy.
I did some Google search and found a hint - the problem could be that the page-layout is unghosted.
I won't recommend to use .
The only thing I want to add is that the Combiner will always be run at least once per Mapper if defined, unless the mapper output is empty or is a single pair.
The vegetables are fresh; the pasta was just right and sauced/souped enough to my liking.
Did not have the collards or okra.
assets (e.g., theme resources) in an Angular CLI (webpack) project so both the development and production versions of my application work correctly without changes?
They have a variety of dark, light,.
Basically, I have a project set up in Restlet which uses JAXRS for mapping resources to paths and uses JAXB for serializing and deserializing XML to/from Java types.
I cannot tell you how much I love these guys!!
Our waiter kept the breadsticks and salad coming.
How to set frame for CATransition in iOS Iam new to ios development.I have one doubt related to CATransition.I placed one imageview with one image from top to middle of the screen(0,0,320,250).Iam using animation to animate the image from bottom to top in viewdidload method.But the image is animating from bottom of self.view, But i need to animate the image from height 250 not from 568.
Thankfully in the Java 7 release a try-catch notation was added where you can specific multiple exceptions for a single block: This sounds like what you are looking for, but there is more detailed information in the Oracle docs:
Good food, great beer selection, and outstanding service (even on a busy night.) We only went for a snack and a few beers, but I'll be going back and augmenting this review as needed!
If they always have class to start, you could use that instead of .
The atmosphere is great for everything from a casual lunch to a pre-Homecoming dinner.
They sure do take care of you at the circle G!
If you live in the Stallings area, you should be using them.
The logic looks only at the first element and if it's null then ignores it.
Homefries were kinda greasy, but tasted awesome.
But really, doesn't it make more sense to use an ENV var?
How can I use HTML5 to both record audio (speech) and convert the recorded speech into text?
How to determine when input is alphabetic?
This is because I'm trying to do it with MovieClip instances dynamically added through a For Loop.
I went with the chocolate maki: dark chocolate mousse wrapped in a chocolate pistachio crepe and sliced to looked like a maki roll.
But that smaller size actuality work in favor of Double Door, there is a very homey, friends and family vibe about the whole place.
He uses the pulpit to preach Jesus and steers clear of politics.
Risa G., the volunteer coordinator, is great to work with.
For example, this guide (for the old apps marketplace, which is no longer usable) shows where a developer can go to grab credentials for their marketplace app: However in the new store, I cannot find anywhere that makes these credentials available to me.
Probably better if you order off the menu.\n\nI think I might want to join.
Great selection of craft beers on draft too!
Came here for lunch with some colleagues.
The four of us were the only people taking the tour, which was really nice because we had all of our questions answered and were able to spend a good bit of time in the main Latta house.
I found out that some of our engineers who will be using the web map in the field will sometimes not have internet access and I have been asked to look into ways to create an offline version of the application.
Within your boundary text, we match non-spaces as well.
It was nice as usual, with one exception: they didn't allow ANY PURSES or bags unless they are clear, yet there were no signs or information warning about this until you got to the doors.
UBL is widely accepted as an invoicing standard, at least, and some countries (at least Denmark) make UBL a legal requirement for invoicing public organisations.
They held true to their many awards (nicely displayed next to their register) and I was more than content once I finished eating.\n\nThe ribs themselves were just ordinary- pretty juicy, but nothing to blow my mind.
As far as I understand it this means that I need to have access to the object displayed in the cell, as in my current implementation.
I bought my wife a apple fritter today from here, she said the best fritter she ever had.
For more than one line, consider using a List() that holds information about the coords, then iterate over that in the Paint() event.
For 360 days of the year, I hear about how great the soup is at the Co-Op and then, we go.
Also I wonder whether it is possible to create some sort of benchmarks that might then be tracked using continuum or Hudson.
But it is what I imagine I would have eaten if I grew up in Lima.\n\nI think it's a very reasonable alternative on the Walnut Street strip, especially if you don't want to shell out the $$$ for Panagea or Girasole.
Basically you need to use the "\\?\C:\MyReallyLongPath\File.txt" syntax which you may not have seen before.
What is the variable you are calling the method addClass() on?
Jake had taken my sketch and made it ten times better and cleaner looking.
I even lost my ticket from Charlotte to Boston at one point and they just printed out a new one as soon as they saw my ID and everything.
It's hard for me to judge since candy is not my favorite, but I enjoyed what I tried.
In addition, the entree included a portion of melt-in-your-mouth white corn grits and scrambled eggs that seemed out of place and that I completely could've done without.
I don't know anything for PDFs but there's probably something.
\n\nFor my 2 courses I got the cinnamon polenta which is basically like oatmeal but much more creamier.
There is also a nice fitness-themed cafe with smoothies and other light fare, and even a gymnastics studio.
The people that work here make an unfortunate incident a breeze to work through.
Test Page Any suggestions would be greatful.
If you receive the error "/usr/local/bin/composer: No such file or directory" then you must create the directory manually before proceeding: mkdir -p /usr/local/bin.
You can also take a look at Jackson Dunstan's blog, this post is especially helpful:
I ordered fried chicken ( breast and wing), macaroni and cheese, and red beans with a lemonade.
A little bit of a drive for us, but we always find a reason to go.
I'm also going to create a "hide" button that follows the same id scheme based on my i variable (submit0, submit1, submit2, etc).
Both will probably do what you need.
Calling in of activity causes it to stop retrying for
The error is the default Firefox 403(access denied) error.
It hasn't been something I crave.
Even when there is a long line, the cashiers have been helpful and have gotten me what I have bought so no complaints there.\n\nI'm not a coffee connoisseur by any means but not a fan of their hot lattes and their hot coffee is okay though do like their ice coffee, ice teas, hot teas and chai.
All staff have been helpful and extremely friendly, so I will continue to recommend Branham Brothers.
Step 1: Open QtCreator I assume you already have sucessfully installed QtCreator.
You have to know your audience.
I've been going here for about three years and had some fine meals, but today was over the top.
I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home).
And just to make sure you were enjoying the drink, the bartender came back around and asked if it was to your liking.
If you're in the area I recommend it over the Starbuckses (what is the plural of that?!) in Giant Eagle or B&N in the waterworks mall.
But maybe someone can suggest possible causes.
Most shops around here tend to be a little lean on the meat and they more than compensate you for your dollar.
Careful use of "invisible" parameters can improve readability.
Thanks in advance for your response.
one time, steve offered to deliver a pizza over an hour after they closed on xmas eve just because.
It was home away from home for a long time.
And for those of you who REALLY like a challenge, try the farm's Flashlight Maze at night.
I tried to use Google OAuth.
You can loop through your array elements and add to them for each row.
I just want to clarify weather the following scenario can be achieved by using Fabric8 in JBossFuse.
They have a full bar at this location.
This is about being able to run the finished product on multiple platforms, from a stick, without installation, it is not about having a portable development environment.
Nothnagel and everyone who works here are friendly, kind, and knowledgeable.
Is it possible to use the SQL Server Management Studio's editor similar to the way you can use the SMO APIs?
I had the beef ribs and chicken breast quarter, with yams and macaroni and cheese.
The parameter expansion expands the contents of while converting those contents to all-lowercase, and is only available in newer versions of bash.
And instead of looping through the entire file, is there an alternate way to run the regular expression search on the entire file?
It has a friendly, family style atmosphere.
i have a login MAINLOGIN, for this database.
merging selenium rc and webdriver I have made most of my automation code using Selenium RC with Python.
I can use external libraries if it's better than installing the whole framework.
isn’t special in this regard (besides its implementation-defined signedness), all conversions to signed types usually exhibit this “cyclic nature”.
You've all heard of helicopter parenting, yeah?
Any suggestions which api or util to use for that purpose in JAVA?
Pedro's has home made tortillas, Laredo's does not.
My dataset is big (around 100), I am afraid to use , it might be an issue in terms of memory.
Went here for my husband's birthday and they have a very nice outdoor seating area.
The number "0" for "standard input" on the other hand is a UNIX standardized value, .
And last but certainly not least, you are blind as a bat as long as you are ignoring the return value of mciSendString().
He just kinda stood there and took my order without talking to me...
Always buy food before you get on the airplane!
It is an action on the partial result and an element.
But deleting doesn't change a property of the entity.
My dog goes to this kennel at least twice a month for 4-5 days at a time.
Most use cases intentionally sacrifice a little durability in return for speed.
The mozzarella pasta salad, Sicilian cauliflower and the egg rolls which are seasonal.
After receiving event B, i want to unregister the receiver to stop listening for event E.
getDate: Returns a localized date object representing the internal date object of the first datepicker in the selection.
I've also tested the jar built by jwrapper without using the wrapper executable, by passing it to "java -jar".
Could this be a caching issue?
It doesn't seem to be finding those either.
When deploying the app and while the routes are being constucted (in a bean, using an ed CdiCamelContext) i get a lot of warnings (ca.
My sister and I immediately looked at each other and knew this was gonna be goodddddd...\n\nI would spell out every dish and how friggin' awesome it was but I'll post pictures instead...even the one of me crying at the end of the meal.
Is there a way not to eager load the engine or have i got the entire concept wrong ?
Both were really good, the filet especially.
(...and very plump)\n\nThis was the best fried chicken with a little bit of spiciness and delicious bicsuits!
How to post image to Facebook on button click?
Normally I get back something like this: Is the Content-Length guaranteed per the HTTP/1.1 specification in this case?
On a quick glance, I see a couple of instances of: There may be more problems, I stopped looking there.
It had the mouthfeel of an underdone sponge, or perhaps soggy cotton balls.
It was a flavorful, creeping sort of spice that increased with each bite.
But I liked the mystique so obviously I jumped in my car and found D's (her directions were perfect.) \n\nWalking into the beer cave is an almost religious experience.
EDIT As @NeilLunn correctly pointed out in the comments, the better approach when ruling out a single value as per the question would be: This approach is both cleaner and faster when just a single value needs to be ruled out.
In the end, you write 0 at position to terminate the string.
Store input from a text field in a PHP variable Store the users input from a text field in a variable.
I tried creating a timer that times each individual bounce from a collision event with the floor and determines if the object is at rest based off of that but this does not work for if the user slides the ball to the left and right.
Xamarin iOS project need suggestion I am developing a survey app using Xamarin and Mvvmcross.
They have expanded the store and it's even better.
We were there for at least 5 hrs and it didn't even feel like it.
Not sure where that four came from.
Selenium 2.44 had an issue with Firefox 36 , but this was resolved in Selenium 2.45.
Using a static buffer: using a vector: using reserve instead of resize in first call: As you can see, without the call to .resize( counted ), the size of the vector will be wrong.
Keep up the good work sonny's
We also purchased a \""beer cheese.\"" The staff is super friendly and more than willing to let you try any samples you'd like.
Here is the script: Thank you.
Plus, of course, you can load up on great wine by the bottle, but it's more fun to come there frequently and take the wine home one glass at a time.
If you've enabled , you could print them out Be aware that your procedure will throw an error unless the table has exactly one row.
This dish was so good I literally could not stop eating it, even when I abslutely could not fit anymore.
I've been here once, so this is sort of a \""first-impression\"" review.
.sqlite file can i generate from java code From SQLitestudio.exe i can easily generate .sqlite file .
Through the years, their customer service has been outstanding!
And despite the fact that I took human sexuality, modern dance, stress management (had to drop it because I had such a full workload and my doctor told me I was on my way to an ulcer), and ice skating (twice!), I still feel that my business degree was worthwhile.\n\nI miss going to Meijer at all hours of the night and getting pushed around in a shopping cart.
I am a huge believer in bed & breakfasts, especially in the winter when you are bound to spend more time indoors.
The fresh strawberry were great even though out of season.
You can implement this method in your app delegate (after making it the delegate for the UITabeBarController)....
Charlotte wouldn't be Charlotte without Carowinds.
We were visiting Pittsburgh from California, and popped in on our way back to the hotel.
You can use HttpClient class to create an object and make or requests for your restful API.
Now the tricky part, how do I join these two queries together, and filter so that I only display when SUM is greater than 0.
Eventually, I said pepper enough, and I was brought jalape\u00f1o peppers.
NoodleLineNumberView, the numbers are not aligned properly, not sure whats wrong I'm trying to add line numbers using NoodleLineNumberView .
I pretty much assume corn is corn, but not here.
I get a NullReferenceException, as the literal is null.
I have a listener that works for receiving and parsing the DNS record payloads, I just can't figure out how to create the query records.
However, this also resets 'FNR' to '1', so awk will skip processing the 'FNR==NR' block for file2 because it is not longer true.
AMMO is expensive everywhere, and that is not an exception here.
Since I already had dinner for the night, I wasn't very hungry, but I was interested in trying something...
Lots of beer choices and they give out free samples.
I always ask for my waffle cooked light with my all star breakfast, which I rarely get.
There's a few bits here and there that are a little more advanced than you need to delve into right now but the most of it is basic HTML.
I am struggling to get this to work, can any help ?
Hope they fix that.\n\nSuggestions for D's:\n- Please sell curly fries or pretzels!\n- Stop being cheap.
if if you need to submit a form before the disable.
I know that si not exactly what you needs, but perhaps you can start from this script and adapt it for your needs.
Try this working link at plnkr: Hope it helps!!!
Needless to say, the store was packed.
Remember that only applies within the curly brackets that it's declared inside, so declare them at the start of your script by doing etc.
Made to order deli-sandwiches, cheese, fudge, a New Glarus beverage and Southern Comfort?
However, it looks like this will only perform server side validation.
No, not unless you want the teacher to laugh at your code!
glitch in PHP Simple HTML DOM parser I'm using PHP Simple HTML DOM Parser to scrape some data of a webshop (also running XAMPP 1.7.2 with PHP5.3.0), and I'm running into problems with tag.
The lobster bisque needed more lobster, but the bisque was quite good and not too strong.
Add below code in your activity.
ImageJ if statement won't execute roiManager("Select",#); Finally got my code working except for one if statement that I cannot fix.
Oracle will implement this differently from Postgresql.
Best to call for an appointment as hours are varied.
Great food, great experience - as an out of town traveler who doesn't like to eat fast food every single day, finding Mert's was a pleasure.
The result set will have the fields for Following set if there is such a following, and not if the user is not following.
The members of the vector are copied, but they are implicitly shared, so copying is literally a pointer copy and an atomic reference count increment.
The other thing is its cleanliness.
But he is still the same person.
\n\nTry the spaghetti squid along with the miso crusted black cod.
You can use nlargest from heapq module
This weekend I went late Saturday afternoon and had about a 1.5 hour wait for my oil change and tire rotation.
He came and unlocked the front doors, and in we went, past the muscle man with the cool brown eyes.\n\nWe were the first to arrive, and as I looked around the room(s) and I have to say it was kind of charming in that 1970's Soprano's kind of way.
My favorite is the court bouillon broth, with the Pacific Rim Selection, and of course add cold water lobster tails.
I ordered a cheeseburger w/ fries.
Anyone have any ideas on how I can get this to work?
We *might* get back there one more time in the next year, but probably would have to go three times to justify the one year membership.
Great place to catch the big game (or not so big games) while enjoying great atmosphere and prices.
They even remember what type of style I like my nails to be done.
On those systems is a define to something else.
Everything was working till I decided to post a video on tumblr video upload.
I liked Cain's because it was clean, tons of beer choices and good bar food.
I also like their black bean sauce, yam noodle packets, spices and spicy ramyun packets (Asian ramen that will blow your socks off).
Don't go sampling 20 cheeses to make up your mind, but ask for a sample of any cheese before you buy it.
How can I debug when I'm inside a php file called from ajax??
Two words: \""Potpourri heaven\"" \n\nI love stopping in to this business every time I find myself in the Strip District.
The taps come in a 10oz mug; otherwise, there's a narrow range of canned and bottled beers - I usually go with a PBR.\n\nThe mixed drinks are excellent; the bartenders know their way around a highball glass.
My husband and I shared the Brat sandwich and the sampler with schnitzel Lichtenstein, sauerbraten and something with an 'l' that I can't remember the spelling of (ground loaf)....all were excellent.
I know there is a variables tab but I would like to use print because of its ability to print out function calls and such.
Critical embedded aerospace systems prefer to be deterministic, but as a protection against potential flaws (tasks can run longer than allocated, if let), the tasking engine will interrupt those tasks to let other taks complete.
There are plenty of people movers/moving sidewalks so I am always able to get to my connecting gate w/o anything but a leisurely stroll.
When I walked up to the register, I was to my surprise remembered, and the coat was sold to me for $30!
I have a UIViewController that subscribes to a notifications when the app becomes active and executes a method.
putData is an instance of the put_data structure.
They even speak Italian to each other !\n\nPizza-hut can burn in hell !
Any debugging/memory reading information may also be helpful!
Is there any way I can add it as a project in and still have it liked to the repository so I can commit and push changes?
You can sit inside in one of their cozy seats and sip on your drink or walk out into Founders Hall and enjoy it there.
On my last visit I had the oversized fish sandwich.
My girlfriend is much newer to the area so I try to take her to real Pittsburgh places.
\n\nThe prices were good, portions were good, etc.
Wouldn't a driver issue affect all browsers the same way?
A figure (around middle of this page) shows a cube that contains string value as a measure value.
would try to match the pattern exactly..
In my codeigniter's controller I have the following code: However, when I tried to retrieve the cookie using javascript's document.cookie, it printed strings like cookie_name, csrf_cookie_name but not my_name and 'my value goes here'.
next time, i'd ask for very light sour cream or possibly no sour cream and no brown sugar.
So if your SUT (System Under Test) require special configuration it might cause issues.
Nice spicy flavor, with a ton of rosemary.
So let say if in my database there is a table "DATA" with a field name "info" having multiple rows as a data info 1 2 3 4 5 Now i want to display all the five rows but after a certain delay of time let say after a second.
I don't think there is an out-of-the-box solution to have 2 background colors.
I have thick, frizzy, and curly hair that cannot be tamed easily.
Before we left, I bought a family membership as I see us returning on multiple occasions.
Type definitions for JavaScript libraries I tried to convert a simple React project from JavaScript to TypeScript, but somehow this doesn't seem to work.
I have the feeling that I overlooked something.
Can two or more classes send data to the same IntentService?
they're offering a discount on the 1st shelf of NY Times Bestsellers).
\n\nWe will definitely visit next time we are in town.
jQuery won't fade in span I have some trouble fading in a span after hiding it and replacing it's contents.
I need to read whole collection from MongoDB ( collection name is "test" ) in Python code.
So far, they have saved me about $300 over what Metro Honda was going to charge me for the same services.
How does one go about exporting and then opening on a different screen, but maintaining the canvas ratio and having elements relative to the canvas size.
We're not interested in this (always zero), so we'll skip the top row in the next step.
Not a place I'd return to for regular fare, overpriced for quality.
On my plate was a giant burrito stuffed with chicken and steak (I always get the mix), beans, cheese, peppers, and onions, etc.
Should I be using a "one-to-many relationship"?
The food is very good and the service is excellent.
Decent off street parking, good selection, open 24 hours and the staff is usually great.
For the dark side (IE-specific stuff), there's also Microsoft's HTML and DHTML Reference And for cross-browser advice, consult QuirksMode (thanks Raynos)
\n\nOpen for breakfast and lunch, it has plenty of seating for the local college students and business park employees.
Nevertheless, my problem is that I don't have access to the dialog object, neither is it visible at the time I wish to obtain the option strings.
One was a Beer stand area called Local Carolina beers which had over 20 local craft beers.
My main issue now is that when I output the unsubscribe message, I need it to be in the same order as the original email list.
I've yet to find a Teeter in the Charlotte area that isn't top notch.
After talking with the owner, Brian, most of my worries were over.
The turkey burger is mixed with peppers and onions which adds a really nice flavor to the meat!
Walking distance from EpiCenter and far enough away from the noise.\n\nThis Westin was as expected.
jaxrs - error throws in interceptor return status 500 I'm bulid rest api using jax-rs.
The Jukebox churns out more and more horrifying music as people become intoxicated.
The lobby spaces are very open and offer a number of modern chairs and benches to provide seating to patrons.
Is it possible to check the date is valid or not in sql query.
(from the FS task to the loop for your flow direction).
convert the figure to format and remove the space manually in some graphic software .
Its much better than subway although that is not saying much nowadays.
Create developer certificate and provisioning profile.
I also took a square of baklava home and again it was the best I have ever had anywhere.
\n\nRooms are clean with high ceilings and comfortable beds and pillows.
Asp.net 3.0 and 64 bit sqlite dll file Greetings!
I also truly appreciated his honesty when he wasn't sure what the correct answer was on the grains I wanted to use for a recipe.
Best thing is that most combinations or menu items will only run you at about $8-10, with tip and tax about $13.
Bring a friend, a date, and enjoy the experience AND the food!
I would like to, without having to install anything new on the machines, be able to run the same software from a single USB stick (meeting the above GUI requirements and so on) on each of these five machines (though, if necessary from different bundles on the stick).
Both times , the food was perfect.
The green beans were crisp and fresh.
Assuming : You have an instantiated You want to treat your input as a "flat" sequence of values, ignoring the way these are currently "split" into sub-sequences in You can create an RDD as follows:
if it does then remove the folder and the contents, then 2a.
It was puzzling to me why the cell was not initially surrounded by a heavy black border.
Using peopletools, you will have to write a HTML area
is there an equivalent, which will increase my accuracy for the drawing?
The pizza was good and the prices were reasonable - we loved the little garlic bread balls.
Regarding to FB policies, I do not think you are breaking them.
large and cooked perfectly and the veggies are always crisp and not soggy and over done.
Add this interface to your classes: And then make a instead of .
Note: This does not cover the logic behind the if condition or when to return from the method, for that we need to have more context regarding the and method as well as how value is updated
We were pleasantly surprised when our waitress retrned with a plate which had strawberries and whipped cream, and happy anniversary written in chocolate!
I use a ClientRowTemplate to achieve something similar to the above.
Kind of a sketchy area and older machines (similar to the ones I had my old apartment complexes in Berkeley), but I give this place 5 stars.\n\n1.
But I don't understand the reason to do this.
It's a great date or small group place.
After curling a route and checking the logs in stackdriver, I see in the metadata of the logs with a bunch of different pod names.
Generally speaking, "auto-increment" restricts parallelism, specially on distributed systems.
(Well, they're to the caliber of those art show liquidation paintings that cost $5, but I appreciate the ambiance enhancer.) \n\nEspecially fitting since this MickyD's is across the street from Nordstrom!
So the code works fine til the $option part and I'm not to sure if it will work after the input needed during the nsupdate because it won't pause it, well i don't know how i can pause it.
I'm not sure exactly what kind of an answer you are expecting here.
I had a chance to also try the chicken (awesome) and brisket (decent, but not amazing).
Basketball games are intense and a good mix of diversity.
A variable declared as final must have an initialization prior to its usage.
I also took that opportunity of contact to ask for a recipe for some to-die-for brussels sprouts they used to have on their sides menu that were no longer available.
The service we had was second to none.
\n\nUpstream does a fantastic job all around.
The beer flight was Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's and a mixture of Harp and Guiness called the Half and Half...
Continuous Deployment of builds onto servers from build server I'm using ansible to deploy and install builds on to my servers, but I have to feed Ansible with build name, to grab it and deploy.
It can also mean it's the dog who just bit a kid that you just saw on the news.
Where else can you get a \""value meal\"" between to slices of bread.
If this is your header file though, it's usually better to include the parameter name in the declaration as it is useful documentation.
C# Adding one more option to PictureBox i was wondering how could i add .customString to PictureBox object.
So far I have been using to find the line I am looking for and then deleting everything matching .
\n\nOne of my favorite things at Inner Peaks is the different walls.
I love spicy, cajun style southern cooking and this hits the spot.
first, i'd like to note that i'm so ocd i had to change the name from \""prantls\"" to \""prantl's\"" because there IS an apostrophe there!
The prices are competitive and the muffin was fresh.
Try 'port install sqlite3 +universal', 'yum install sqlite-devel' or 'apt-get install libsqlite3-dev' and check your shared library search path (the location where your sqlite3 shared library is located).
My wife agreed that it was extremely yummy!
It seems that it You have to manually specify appropriate encoding for this to work correctly with encoded value.
As mentioned above, use collection initializers.
Had a few great experiences here.
I have to say, the staff really went out of their way to make sure everything was smooth, from check-in to check-out.
My guess is Chrome is just trying to be helpful here.
DIDO is a MATLAB optimal control tool for solving general-purpose hybrid optimal control problems.
If it's some kind of evil plot to make developers only use the device for developing, the home button IS important: you must test what happens when the real user do that.
The eggplant was tender, a touch of heat from chilis, garlicky, meaty and filling, served with brown rice, very nutritious.
Here is the air log: My Bt host program (based on Bt chip) received event, and then received event.
For a small shop, getshopped and phpurchase are better fits.
Order anything on the menu & you won't be disappointed.\n\nThe best part about Girasole, though, is the intimate indoor & outdoor atmosphere & the wine.
Although not optimal, you could loop through children DisplayObjects.
You need a law degree to understand why they have to do that.
I appreciate the heads up and I'm happy they respect my decision of not making repairs unless it's a safety issue.
Also, their organic broccoli is a steal compared to what you'd find at Meijer or Shnucks, because the price is about the same but you get waaaay more broccoli.\n\nI get all of my vegan \""essentials\"" here, namely vegan cheeses and tofu (I am a regular of the 4-pound tofu \""slabs\"").
Good Hibachi, MaiTai was fantastic and the service was efficient and family friendly.
See Sean Harmer's OpenGL in Qt 5.1 and onwards mail, specifically point 7.
We purchased a small amount of Midnight Moon Goat Cheese Gouda and made the most expensively delicious grilled cheese sandwich.
Do you want to be shitface drunk off of one drink and you only have $10?
It has been a long time since I have done a Giants road trip.
Lets also not forget to mention the copious amounts of awesome imported German beer!!
Extract Skin pixels in face using scale space filtering method I'm trying to implement color constancy method in this paper.' In this paper , the skin pixels are detected using scale space filtering method.
Difference of connection pool, jdbc and jndi I need to know my understanding on above are correct, In connection pool you set multiple connection with the use of java.sql.Datasource.
However, this was the only place we would get Chinese when I was in high school, and the food was always delicious.
Here is a Fiddle with a minimal example: Update It occurred to me that since the context menu doesn't bind to a single element, but uses a selector, it makes more sense to do the binding on the tag.
You also can set NavigateUrl property in code-behind file, in Page_Load event handler, for instance.
I continued to be friendly to the Bartender as I know the type and he was tipped $3 for the drinks.
Because you created inside your method, it did not exist anywhere else.
I received more \""have a nice days\"" than Forrest Gump could ever have imagined!
They take cash only for purchases less than $27.
Your property would need to return an ImageSource.
I secretly think that the staff likes the spectacle of gluttony, but I don't care.
My only gripe on the artwork is that the mural was seriously lacking in Bill Murray biz-nasty, so for that I have to subtract a star.
When I compare these two possibilities I can't come up with a reason, why one should go the first way.
Not cool enough to hang out at the pub, but grabbed a sandwich from the shop extension they got during lunch.
HTTP Requests going to wrong VirtualHost apache2 Hoping someone can lend me a hand here as this has been bugging me for a few days now.
Call method on the first element
This is because the local variable has gone out of context by the time the code reaches your return statement (the local variable is within the context of the block you have declared).
Beer selection is really stellar too- lots of good craft drafts.
Seating is a first come, first served basis so you really do have to fight to get a seat when one becomes available.
I have tried both to search and simply select.
How can I when the button is clicked, increment the relative div by 1?
I need this to gracefully close sockets/connections before application becomes frozen.
They serve good brunch on the weekends and you won't wait in a ridiculous line full of degenerates.
It was not extravagantly delicious but nice.
Does anyone know how can I do that?
As such, there is no real "background processing".
I'm curious if I declare a column to be, say, varchar(5000) and then start creating rows, but leaving that column with null values, how is memory allocated?
I ordered the calamari and as always it was delicious.
Don't let the humble sized kitchen fool you..it cranks out some great meals.
Attentive and not condescending, they explained what they were doing, what was going to happen and (more or less) how long things were going to take.\n\nAnd there's a free wireless guest network so that you can Google everything they say to confirm!\n\nWhile it was a good experience, I sure hope not to go back.
I would come back just to have that for breakfast.
There is a good selection of restaurants though!
The Gnudi had a great truffle butter and tarragon flavored sauce.
I need to be able to load/read those files from the DLL.
you can use the configuration option to change the the documentation says...
Everyone is so friendly, the service is excellent and the food always comes nice and hot.
The description was a little clunky--there were other ingredients in the dish description that I've since forgotten--and I got a kick out of listening to the waitress explain it to other patrons.
Very nice and clean place to have breakfast or lunch
My wedge salad was enormous- more like a half head of lettuce than a wedge.
I have the following very basic code which successfully populates the first column of the listview with the DMC element text, but i need the sibling elements (techName, infoname, status and notes) to populate the other columns of the listview.
Portions are large, I got the \""fish nuggets\"", I expected tiny nibbles but was pleasantly surprised by prepared mountains of battered fish the size of my fists.\n\nPrices are extremely reasonable, my wife and I happily stuffed ourselves and got drinks for under $30.
Is there a limit for the total variables size on the stack?
Worth a stop on your way to the Dells or Lodi for that matter.
I highly recommend this place for a casual after dinner date spot or a gathering of friends.
I use to get the HTML of that cell, then I use to update the value of a hidden .
The shuttle drivers jump to grab my bags before I even get a chance.
The fresh spring roll is big and stuffed with shrimp, shredded pork, lettuce, basil, and rice.
The only drawback is the place very small and can get crowded .
Googling for "css customized radio buttons" yielded a lots of useful results, such as this , here is a jsfiddle based on that tutorial, code provided below.
Probably not the best example but I think it makes a point.
\n\nFour stars for the beauty; definitely not for the seats.
In C this is usually done with an array (matrix) of function pointers.
Thank goodness the doctors and nurses in the back know what's going on.
Nailed my order (special requests to boot).
And he pointed out that stores like his couldn't stay alive just working on instruments bought online from big corporations, but that if his store weren't there, I wouldn't have anyone to set up my instrument.\n\nI have to say, he was right!
This dollar off doesn't matter when you consider how small a normal bottle is, but when you look at the larger bottles it does.
Started out with chicken lettuce wraps and it was totally hitting the hungry spot!
The food selection was average park food.
Indoor seating is limited, but creates good atmosphere for this place.
You don't need quotes around spaced entities when you use .
as you can see, its extends using attribute declation "[InstrumentationClass(InstrumentationType.Instance)]" my issue is that when i register the dll, i don't see PointInstrumentation class in the WMI explorer, hence, i can't query what is being published.
I get so many compliments on my hair.
I want to loop through a dataframe, and find the nearest next index that has at least +/-2 value difference.
You should already have the project checked out, in which case you are already using a working copy that is linked to it and you don't need to do any more to point at the right location.
Here the map code in the html content that loaded.
Just went there for the first time today, very nice barbers and great price!
Use the extension method: Or, for your specific case:
The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette.
If they create new and inconsistent models every time they invent a new sensor, you are pretty much up the creek.
Another approach is to use something like the following query, perhaps as a view.
Its one of the divey places where the staff clearly knows what they're doing and does it right.
I wonder if it is a content type error, or something else.
It's just something to keep in mind that you may need to call about your pieces if the are taking longer then promised.
Overall service was good and food good, price is average for a dinner type atmosphere.
Apparently, you need to download the Gear Fir Manager from apps.samsung.com/gearfit not from the samsung app store.
The service was great, the food was both satisfying and healthy, and the milkshake I had to top off my omelet was deeeeelicious.
If you haven't then your probably visiting from a foreign country...\n\nAny who, the staff here is always friendly and eager to serve.
I've had nothing like them, so they always hit the spot and start the meal off right.
Might take my boy to the dinosaur event this weekend.
Anyone willing to wear their Steelers Gear to a Raider Game, ride BART for over 20 miles to get there and walk back to the train afterwards - is a FAN Dammit!\n\nAnd one day, the five of us are going to get in an RV and drive across the country and go to a game.....
I can only imagine what the place will look like come January.
But let me talk about my most recent visit.\n\nWhile browsing Facebook, I noticed that they were having an event at ARL.
It would also apply to the other 9.
but i need the value of the button which one i have clicked.
Despite the corruption of the stack, I see many values on the stack that point to the exact locations of functions in the corresponding .map file.
Sorry, it does look messy, it's a combination of a few ideas for solutions I had, which probably shouldn't be mixed together.
I highly recommend this bakery to anyone!
I've seen Fat Tire, arguably the most popular craft beer next to Sam Adams, close to expiration.
Casbah is definitely my favorite restaurant in P-burgh; in fact, usually when I go somewhere else I wind up regretting that I didn't just go to Casbah.
Umm, what else do you need?
While it's thread-safe it doesn't mean you will get what expected when using it from different threads.
Error: [$rootScope:inprog] $digest already in progress using angular.copy I have an input field with a ng-blur function.
If your in Charlotte and looking to have something done call FU's and ask to meet with Hans because he is the man.
However, our table was ready soon after we arrived.
Mantini's also came across the radar screen.
Anyone know how to fix this?
So, I'm now wondering if this is possible or if there is a work around.
\n\nThe woman who started the menu recently emigrated to the US after the tragedy in Lebanon.
When you retrieve the shows, you can left join the Followings with a of .
A side of broccoli came with the entree and it was good but kind of unremarkable.
Everyone that waited on us was friendly and efficient without being intrusive.
So even though the first version of has no copy constructor declared, there still is one.
Although older versions did not have robust transaction support, transactional storage engines such as InnoDB have been available for some time.
It was sweet and savory, but it missed a kick of spiciness to counter the coconut milk.
If it not that large, you can use query sets freely and create the appropriate indexes, and use some cache mechanism so you will not have to make the same queries all over again.
Go to the properties window in the right and find the property click the ellipses button to the right of the property and a dialog will appear.
I had the lobster roll previously and wanted to go back for it a second time on a Friday during lent.
This is what i did: Am i right to index all these columns?
So I want to use something like AJAX or JQuery to load that external HTML page, and to send submit form without reloading the whole page with it.
I've stayed at this Westin a few days a week for about a month.
If they don't, then generator may produce the benchmark list in a format that core cannot understand.
you get to see great art and/or displays.
This is one of those cases where type signatures really help.
\n\nNow I'm mad because it's so far away.
I got the Jerk Chicken Small Plate and was reasonably priced for the amt of food you get (chicken, rice and cabbage).
I decided to visit the reagent square location after reading the great reviews on here and i wasn't disappointed.
How do I determine if my Animal is Horned or Tailed?
A little bit of kick, I asked for it extra spicy.
Dealing with deadlines is responsibility of managers.
invalid foreach() expecting to show no data if null in Codeigniter I was expecting view to show message 'no data found' when my query is returning null value but im getting error message: Invalid argument supplied for foreach() Here's the controller code: Here's the view code:
My connecting flight back to San Francisco was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport which was cool because my walk to the terminal was less than 2 minutes and the airport was really clean.
\n\nIn general, CLT is an amazing airport, and certainly the BEST I've seen in the US.
Possible the Handle is not created, you can test this with IsHandleCreated.
So my question is: is there a way to synchronize the parent thread to continue right after the server thread has finished starting WEBRick?
Try to Fried Chicken Breast entree, delicious.
In general you should just be thinking of the state as the facts of the situation, and calculate individual views of those facts as they are needed.
I actually walked by it before turning back around and finally finding it.\n\nThey have a nice little covered outside seating area.
We were super hungry initially, but omg were we stuffed afterwards!
I go to the car shows every year here, and they always put together a great program no matter what it is.
Although I have read this reference: I am not quite clear if I change the values of the buffer for reading and writing: The values (1 or 1024) should be better to be smaller or bigger?
So I can't really complain about such trivialities as parking (parking sucks all around here, so while the complaints are valid, I couldn't care less) and the fact that it gets crowded and busy.
;) He is my favorite bartender in Charlotte but he's still a pain in the arse.
Telnet, normally allows to use the telnet service, but it can be used to check if a port is open (firewall) for remote connections.
Don't sweat the small stuff Check out other people's opinions on the matter (which you're doing) It matters less which convention you choose, and much much more that you apply it consistantly Here's some of my convention:
\n\nI've used them in the past for catering & their presentation is very professional.
I'm a graduate student at Pitt, and I can guarantee that whenever I have a solid hour free for lunch, I'll hop a bus downtown to get another fish sandwich platter.
We again mentioned that it is a party of 6.
The tuna ones were good, definitely a step above \""grocery store\"" rolls.
As any app can register the same URL scheme as my app, I am concerned a "fake" app can do a man-in-the-middle attack and capture the signup tokens.
The bar dates back I don't know how long.
\n\nBreakfast, lunch, happy hour or dinner....it always fills the bill.
Place a semicolon (;) in front of the following two lines to temporarily disable VirusScan: AddInsMenus=NCMenu EXTMGR_ADDINS=NCExtMgr Click the "Save" option from the "File" menu.
I am using Angular 1.5.5 and Kendo UI for it.
Since then, I've tried many different styles of their bread and desserts.
How would I use Scala's parsers to parse blocks in a language like this?
I'd like to say I didn't rip open the cellophane covering the plastic fork at the red light just so I could taste the sides, but I'd be telling an untruth.
Il Pizzaiolo is very, very, very close to the real thing in Italy.
If it's d, but not specifically in the project tree, I don't believe VS will recognize changes always.
On my visit to PFF I got a 16oz cappuccino and a grilled cheese with bacon.
Saving Data from iphone app to text file in iPhone app I want to save my application data in text file in documents folder I am using following way to store but it store single string i want that my data is in array how may store all the contents of array in text files My Array is like Following
Write a program (or algorithm) in python which breaks up a string of texts into even and odd characters For some reason, this is not running in my python.
This is not how you normally work with UITabBarControllers however....
I did not utilize this, but other coworker's utilized this opportunity.\n\nWe had our meeting within one of the conference rooms at the hotel.
If you need a place for a private party, this place can host any size.
I agree, but for example, before opening the door you should first make sure that it is closed.
\""Special Burritos\"".\n\nFor families, remember the space is constrained.
Multiple modules with same build type I have a gradle android project with two modules: Wear App (which is the phone app) In my gradle configuration I have different build types.
Here is an example of this type of flow using the Google Java API Client:
\n\nI loved the calamari for a starter, the talapia in a sweet nutty white sauce, and the apple crisp for dessert.
I read on other forums that some dhcp servers are configured not to give more than one ip to one mac addrees.so I used ipconfig / release to release the host ip so that my guest can obtain an ip but still its not working.when I set the adapter to NAT, it picks up an IP address from VB no problem but that does not connect me to the internet.
Best practice is not to change/alter the pointer i.e.
It would be best if I can just include everything that is needed in the download of the app.
Pizza can be good or bad, but no pizza is going to be perfect for everyone.
and on the button click I called them.
Uncaught RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded o.extend.isPlainObject jquery-2.1.0.min.js?hash=2258a75c-c461-4821-2436-dfdf3af9bffe:2 o.extend.o.fn.extend jquery-2.1.0.min.js?hash=2258a75c-c461-4821-2436-dfdf3af9bffe:2
As I wrote, it seems silly, but I'm stucked on this error.....
Another item that did not stand out, the pizza.
Oh yes I was in carb coma, but it was so enjoyable.
This is all going to run when the starts up.
I am embarrassed that I don't try more items when I eat here, but I come in specifically to get the chicken fried rice.
So if you want to do some actions when data comes you'll have to assing a callback to that promise anyway.
I visited around noon on a weekday and the place was hopping with what seemed to be a local business crowd.
You need to either assign these two variables synchronously (one after the other one has completed), or assign them to different variable names.
The use case I am seeing is that you have some software that you rely on (such as project planning, administration of information, analysis tools or similar) that: does not rely on having an internet connection being available.
The food is great quality, with wood -fired and blackened dishes being a house specialty.
Brunch is serious business, you do what you gotta do.
Even the manager pitched in to help us.
I don't know if that's a good thing or not, but they taste terrific.
Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.
\n\nWhether you're a hungry student or just a BBQ lover, don't miss this place.
I personally love window shopping at the Apple Store, but that's a different story.
I had a late breakfast with my boss, as we were both in town from Miami to do some research for the travel section in the magazine I edit.\nUnfortunately, this was the first DDD meal that didn't leave me wanting more.
We painted ourselves blue from head to toe and acted casually.
Everything is worth trying once or twice or more, and portions are gargantuan.
The food is always delicious and fresh.
Unfortunately, java.time lacks the equivalent of Joda-Time's .
If the dbms doesn't expose them through a public interface, there isn't usually a good programmatic way to get to them.
I don't think it's on the menu, but you can always ask the friendly staff.
In my opinion, this is the best distributor in the city.
There isn't any other affordable place in town to support my cravings.
I would say that this is the Ritz Carlton of restaurant in regards to service and the quality of the food
I live in walking distance so I have been here many times .
Preferably one that constantly offers $20 for $40 online coupon deals like Cajun Queen does.\n\nThe location is very nice - it looks like a converted home with outdoor patio seating and an enclosed back porch for when the weather is nice.
The wait staff was friendly and attentive.
The servers are inviting and seem genuinely happy to be there.
Is there a way to put my web forms into a separate class library?
So the only way I found to run it once is the same which you have tired i.e deleting them from metadata.
\n\nMade a stop here to pick up ingredients for a Middle Eastern lentils and rice dish; Mustache Man taught me the name of the dish in Arabic and gave me detailed instructions on how to cook it.
Finally, you can filter on your values by wrapping the whole query in This should give you better, and more predictable, performance.
If I comment out the if statement, then I get As expected.
Service here is excellent, even when this place is busy, which it always seems to be.
Great conversationalist, inexpensive and high quality hair cuts, wonderful old school atmosphere.
In apps with user sessions, it is usually best to keep login/signup on a separate view hierarchy from the rest of the app and present the internal structure if there is an active session.
To use it after this code is run, you simply call I tested this code, so I am quite confident it works :).
lots of redraws whenever the form is invalidated.
Wow I couldn't even eat all my bacon cheese omelette, home fries, and rye toast, and it still kept me full from 11, when I had brunch, to 9PM!
Should it matter if I use the commented-out lines...
As soon as the queen can not be placed.
Locally, you can also set it easily with a tool like python-dotenv , which will allow you to have a local file (don't check it into source control, or your token could be corrupted), with all of it's values available as env vars in your dev app.
\n\nThis is a great place for a date or a group that plays pool.
We ordered the goat cheese for an appetizer which was just so ooey and gooey deliciousness and then for the piece de resistance ordered the sea bass special that night which had capers, a potato, rice and some roasted vegetables.
If you have the color code in the html code, maybe it's a problem of css style definition.
First the client calls to retrieve the data from the db, and the server will respond with a temporary that represents the returned dataframe object on the server, for example .
Install and go, not configuration, it just works: Versions for D7 and a Release Candidate for D8.
Fast, fast, fast service, great quality, great taste!
The Sample Table: exception_test Use the DDL Below to create the test table used to store the data from our procedure's Bulk Binding DML commands: The Primary Key is the single column.
(Like I said, we weren't here for the food, but I gotta wonder why the fish fry was JAM PACKED CONSTANTLY.)\n\nAfter bugging the extremely convivial bartender about the history of the place, and begging to see the \""wine cellar\""/slave-holding-tank in the basement, he tossed his apron at someone and announced an impromptu \""tour\"".
My goal is to be able to use my Constructor method to create cars with the variables: year, color, brand, number of doors, number of kilometers, if it's automatic (boolean), if it's sold (boolean), a description, and an identification number.
Use with the format string you want.
\n\nService was great, friendly and talkative.
And while each dish was wonderful, the presentation of the barbecued pork chop was simply beautiful!
(I apologize to the coffee drinkers.
Unfortunately at notification time only the key is known - content is already discarded, which is kind of painful!
I was a little disappointed when I saw how small their menu was, and yet it still took me a while to order.
Maby I do not know where to look, but I am a little stuck with searching a solution..
How can I use a fake one and still be blamed?
Parse all HTML code I need to copy all HTML code on the page.
Also, our server explained that it helps to cleanse the palette after a spicy meal.
Compared to Playdium here, that's awesome considering I'd win at most 10 tickets with the smallest prize costing 100 tickets.
When a input takes in the weighted value, its output gives it to all the other nodes (neurons) in the next layer, but the value is still from the given node.
I had same problem and solve it by change in .
I feel like my life as a Pittsburgher is enriched just knowing that this place exists, and I can't believe I've been missing out as long as I have been.
Particularly, my wife and I have been searching for a restaurant with ample, fresh veggies (with rice and brown sauce or with lo mein) and crisp, tasty tofu.
In fact I have a table called "Transactions" and understand the "Transaction ID", "Surname", "Name", "Date_transaction" and "_transaction time" How could I do to get a report in php / mysql?
If I try to download three files all progressview indicate there own progress and works fine.
What I want to know is, is memory fragmentation a feasible explanation or should I look elsewhere first, bearing in mind that I've already done a lot of looking?
this is creating problem You have make a same structure for arrays object.
So really don't get your hopes up if you are looking for a specific item.
So I prepped myself just in case that happened.
Some months ago when the app only contained 50-150 GeoPoints in the mapView there was no blackout.
You can use Adobe Flash extension called 'Swiffy' so you can export Flash content as HTML5.
Assuming cell A1 is the range in question, select it and for Data Validation enter this formula under Custom:
I wrote up a an article on that might help clear this up if the doesn't.
Is there a way to do something similar to this in C#, or are there other ways of "making sure" a different developer changes import/export routines if he changes a class.
The print statement should show "Wide character" warning, but it is not.
My daughter (5) loves the ribs, as do I.
The service obviously prides itself on being super proper (choreographed plate delivery, polite to the point of almost sappy attitude on the part of the waiters) and it can be a little bit annoying even.
I've added this dependency to my plugin's pom, but I can't get it to execute.
The field is always 0 and the field is always false.
And then once you have all your data, access from the CONTROLLER the VIEW file to output.
Go late night and you can join drunk college kids and \""the ladies of the evening\"", just be warned that someone may have painted a section of the restroom with a fine layer of regergitated food (\""hey, is that creamed corn\"").\n\nSay what you will about Ritters, it is a place full of character and full of characters.
Remember: view controllers manage sets of views .
While the food may only be worth three out of five stars, I'm going to add on another star because I like the fact that the dining room is dark, the menu is filled with meat, and the staff is friendly and efficient.
You'd think this place is just a crazy science experiment for kids to come and explore.
When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick, cheap bite to eat.
I am trying to learn oop and was hoping to use a method.
By adding a , you can log to a file.
Then add NUnit assemblies and the NUnit test adapter as usual.
The gorgeous facility on 6th St is worth a trip from visitors and residents alike.
In some cases, they can be one and the same store, although it's often better practice to use distinct stores (especially when they're file-based).
Because you're not waiting for the mouse button to be released before you trigger your buttons.
Not the best way, and probably not very good if the tree is big, but you can create a recursive function like : With : the id of the current node, and the two child EDIT You need to be absolutely sure that this is a tree and that it does not contains any cycle.
Lots and lots of flights so it gets crowded.
Your activity/fragment can be a callback for the LoaderManager - it will need to implement LoaderCallbacks interface.
If I had boat-loads of money, I'd fly him out to LA every 6 weeks for a touch up.
Next time you will do it alone.
ask for Fish (I think flounder or perch) for breakfast if you're into that kinda thing.
The employees really know their stuff and will help you pick a beer if you don't know what you want.
They mailed me both items for no charge (I offered to give them a credit card, but they said no.) I receive the package within 3 days of returning from my stay.
The hotel location is conveniently located within walking distance of several restaurants and shops/boutiques.
Overall the dining experience went well.
Therefor i cannot use the annotation in the method (methodName(@Valid ViewmodelName)).
\nThey aren't trying to wow you with exotic ingredients or fun twists, it's almost as if you're sitting down at someone's house and eating what they'd eat on a regular basis.
Now you can use instead of to change the character at one position at a time.
I can get the final height in onMeasure but the items always appear too fast and the animation doesn't work.
S.No - How can I do that I have tried the unset function like this.
In any case...\n\nIf it were to that angle, I'd be hard pressed to say which one would win the shoot out.
And with the menu and the list of toppings being so extensive, no two things coming out are probably alike.
The code below is the example code I am using.
Plus, I should mention that EnvIntTyp is a member of the table of the same name.
\n\nIf you're looking for healthy, fresh bread, this is definitely the place to go.
You can use column aliases in the , , and clauses.
The food seems fresh and it is a good place to get a quick, healthy lunch on-the-go.
They always have a large selection of movies due to the many many screens.
The game score is equal to the result of optimal play.
They are alway so happy to see you!\n\nI stopped by Mama's for dinner last night and ordered some of the goat cheese dip and the spiedini di carne salad.
The Fried Catfish is good, any of the Po' Boys are worth trying.
Tim is a helpful guy and will take his time to explain things to you.
Modern rooms, comfortable beds, nice bistro downstairs in the lobby with a mini bar.
The linker matches the prototype to the definition because the function signatures match (the name, argument types, and return type).
It's cash only, but there is an ATM at the front door and when you get money out of it, you get a $1 coupon for shopping at the store.
Fixing the random state doesn't solve that problem, it only guarantees the same data will always generate the same tree.
If you only want to work with the vision part then AForge.net is your best bet.
With the live music and well mixed drinks, it is a place that is sure to be a good time.
I'm saying this is as good as it gets.
A describes the the Back Button Events (both the overload of OnBackKeyPress and the event handler PhoneApplicationPage_BackKeyPress ) only seem to fire when the navigation service is used.
Once its uninstalled, you can switch back to your named gemset and it will use the Rails version installed in this gemset Hope this helps
I have only had takeout from Tai Pei, but the chicken lo mein was delicious and the general tso's was the best I have ever had!
Where is the Java bug in my constructor code for this KnockKnockProtocol class?
I've been reading about dynamic stylesheets and have stumbled across several options, including sass, and less.
To change this, all you need to do is to set the MeasureAllChildren flag to false.
Be polite, and they will treat you accordingly.
A source file in native format is always binary so bcp needs to know the data type of each field in order to read the correct amount of bytes and interpret them correctly.
Our group of 8 had pretty good service, and definitely enjoyed our experience there.\n\nSide note: Not an Italian dish, but the night we were there one of their specials was Hungarian Goolash, that was raved about by the 1 person at our table who ordered it!
If this really has to be done " Locking Ruby in the Safe " could help secure it.
Wow, that is some fantastic service all the way around.\n\nWhat do you need to know before a night at the Pot?
Inconveniences include being cash only and being very, very tiny so getting a table might require some patience on a busy weekend morning...\n\n...but it is totally worth the wait.
The prices update each hour, so every hour you get 8500x new rows.
Of course, they are there, just not as much as some soul food places.
However I have had dinner here before.\n\nI like Dunnings because it is not tying to be anything other than an old school, family friendly, bar-restuarant.
This is of course in a JTA context.
You can disable it by adding the following switch to the linker commandline: (from the Visual Studio UI it is found under Properties->Linker->Optimization->Enable COMDAT Folding ) You can find details at the MSDN article here: The switch is a linker-stage switch, which means you won't be able to enable it just for a specific module or a specific region of code (such as which is available for compiler-stage optimization).
or use some helper class that spares you dealing with related functions?
I fell in love with the Double Door a few years ago when I first moved to Charlotte.
\n\nAs others have mentioned, there's a decent jukebox (it's internet connected, so you can find nearly everything), and then of course there's the shuffleboard table.
I usually end up going and looking at the developer blogs of the Adobe staff at Sorry..
Ok, I guess people who work on that side of Uptown but I never knew it was there!
It had death by chocolate ice cream & multiple cherries as well as whip cream.
When that makes sense, look at the prototype process a bit deeper and play with it.
Since the number of item is unknown, I would want to go through a loop for as long as an item exist.
I'd been meaning to visit Klavon's again since it'd been a year since I'd last visited, so I suggested it, and my friend, who'd never been before, was game.\n\nI usually order a soda or float when I'm here, since this is the only place in PGH I know that makes them.
It's quite literally a way to render nodes from light dom into placeholders in the shadow dom.
I went for lunch on election day 2010 and though the place was packed, our party of two was seated immediately.\n\nThe eggs were decent; nothing special.
Why do many addresses on the stack point to the EXACT location of functions in the .map file?
It's really whichever you like better.
This is my favorite Chinese place down here.
Bailey's is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food.
We had good conversation with the other couple staying there as well as the owners.\n\nGreat place!
Low mein was okay, nothing special.
If you want a user of your module to have access to , then put in your file instead of your file.
Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price.
Those scanners sometimes have identity theft modules that intercept s, scan the body and then pass it on.
They will alter the food to how spicy you like it.
Edit: To clarify, this would be the ideal result:
You are creating an animation right as one is starting - making it seem as though it is not moving.
This is my workaround for CheckStateChanged event that works like charm:
Associations are normally used to capture some relationship that has meaningful semantics in a domain.
Issue with creating "xlsx" in Python by copying data from csv I am trying to copy all the data in csv to excel "xlsx" file using python.
It is in the strangest location (Home Depot's parking lot)!!
it can infer your object model from your database or it can create a database for you from your object model.
A steak went past for the table behind us.
The method mentioned by Yada is valid.
The wife went with good ol' beef lo-mein.
This was my first time at Soba after spending many visits at Umi.
I am not sure if it is just not shown, or not loaded.
They're the best thing there.\n\nAnd the comment about helpful service - when I went to pay the bill it was too windy for me to leave it out on the table.
It looks like web service parameters in SSIS should always be strings.
I'm a woman, and $20 for a haircut *this good* compared to $40 at the last place I used to go was just amazing.
Odds are, they'll just smile and run off to make it.
It would've been an extra 15-20 minutes which is why he decided on the turkey burger.
\nKathryn, a steadying force in our group, narrowed one eye and nodded at me placatively.
Here's your forked fiddle that works.
Mert's is very good soul food.
The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot.
It was either Mother Theresa or the Baha Men who said \""Who let the dogs out?\"" and I must say, I was glad someone let my bacon cheddar dog out of the kitchen and into my stomach.
JS: HTML: Here is the full working example: Hope this helps!
Although I'm disciplined enough not to access the namespace of sub-module #1 within a function of sub-module #2, I want it to be technically impossible.
First trip here was on Sunday and I was thinking to myself how have I never been here especially when I worked up the street for a little while!
\n\nThe stadium is small and easy to navigate.
Bodrick's(family owned and operated) has been serving pit cooked bbq in the Charlotte area for 12 years and I am ashamed to say that I just recently got a chance to experience it.......I have definitely been missing out!\nI've been in Charlotte 16 years, and visited several bbq spots.....some that quite honestly shouldn't still be in existence and Bodrick's simply puts them all to shame.
I've been to Showmars a couple of times during my lunch break with co-workers.
This stuff is off the chain amazing!
Don't expect a fancy place but if you want really good and fast thai food, this is the place to go in Pittsburgh.
There's a Starbucks and Panera inside.
Greg is more than accommodating and is a human hard drive of info on vintage amps, guitars & pedals.
When I select the "Provincia" , the "Cantón" select only shows the last element in the array.
Packaging wrong CRT or using one can cause undesired and undefined effect.
I've done it as follows: It would seem to be I can't overload the '&lt;' and '>' operators in this way, so I'm wondering what I can do to get around this.
We sat down, ordered a pizza and it was served within 15 minutes.
However this is not a standard POSIX find function and is implementation dependent.
\n\nThe rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners.
The bartenders are on the ready to assist you with making your favorite drink.
But it is much better tasting.
\n\nI think the reason bobby chose his amaretto sundae is for the special whip cream, but i don't remember her asking.
so is it possible to get the view object of a android default screen?
Their drinks and desserts are always delicious, and they used to serve sandwiches.
You should avoid writing such methods if they do not intend to return meaningful values under any circumstances.
\n\nCurds were excellent - not your typical \""from the bag\"" curds, which was a nice surprise.
Depending on the use case, the math equivalent might be , , or something else, see .
If you're planning for a new system, you should probably use the new ones.
Accessing an Objective-C ivar from outside the class at runtime I know this idea completely breaks encapsulation, but say I have the following class extension: Normally, the class behaves like it should inside the Objective-C layer - sending and receiving messages, etc.
if i use random it uses same seed for every call i suppose and the randomization is being very bad.
I didn't goto this school, but I wish I did for this bar alone.
Fancybox gallery with images in different places I have a (html) page with an image gallery (all images together) and one separate image.
The service and prices are just as good!
Even when they're busy, I can count on getting my burger the way I ordered it.
What I do have a problem with is that they said that they could still fit me in, and some X + Y (note that I did not use variable K, nor did I multiply so as to end up with K * Y, as that could result in KY, which is for another review) minutes later, I was told that I could not, in fact, keep my appointment.
but, as far as major airports go, its not so bad.
The price is great for what you get --19 locations locally!\n\nThe staff is friendly and accommodating.
\n\nOrder off the authentic (right-hand) side of the wall, insist you want it cooked authentically, and I think you'll go home happy.
I've been updating few web apps to the latest Facebook Graph API - v2.2.
But this didn't help me to get rid of this error...
I don't know what genuis started the egg on a burger trend, but kudos to you!\nBut that's not all.
Write text data to array between boundaries I have a problem which i hope you can help me solve!
Always they have been impressed with the quality of the food, the ambiance of the facility and the attentiveness of the staff.
The easiest way to overcome this problem and arrive at a satisfactory solution is to first count the number of spaces, then allocate a new string , then copy the characters.
In Scala, a is of immutable length.
But, the value is here, though, because of the increased portions.
There were several rotating exhibits one being from the graduate students at UIUC.
This allows you to get the constructor function (in other words, the function to call on, which will return an instance of that entity) for any type by accessing .
In the Kubernetes ui, I also see that all the pods have a little cpu spike, indicating I'm alternating and hitting each one.
How to edit the link of a variable in opencart register.tpl file?
Here is the code I am currently using for getting the value: When I execute this against a specific 4D data table using Odbc, I get a OdbcException with no Message attached to it.
I have always gone during slower to times so I've had quick service.
The problem is that if an UILabel is animating across the screen at the same time as the game ends it cancels the button animation AND the growing image animation.
It's not a problem - only your commit will be a bit strange.
The special hummus, fries, hot dogz, and pizza make it the perfect hangout place any given day in Pittsburgh
I'm not quite sure what the sauce was for the calamari but it didn't go quite well with the oversized fried squid.
Do you need to use reflection?
My favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis - fave is the strawberry shortcake!
My son had the seafood risotto.
All I see are blank fields (instead of the actual data that is currently stored in the DB).
I'm sure it's something obvious, but I simply can't find it.
How to get the value of a static object from within that object?
But when I do remember I am very excited to go there!
Your water glass will never get more than a third empty!
I ordered my sushi usual: ginger salad, spicy tuna & sushimi Ika.
XSLT looping though XML to check if value exists XML: I need to check each record in amenities to find out if "35" (high speed internet) exists.
There has been no significant change in this area from C90 to C99, or from C99 to C11.
Pass an MFC control to a thread or pass an handle?
Friends, leave the diet at the door and prepare to splurge, it's just about impossible not to.
I want display a screenshot from the user's clipboard.
Yes, you can add tags to the resources that you create using CloudFormation.
The sauce, in combination with the tomatoes, was fabulous!
This one makes the list of a return trip the next time I'm in Charlotte (only after I hit the gym first) The biscuits are good but very fattening...
you could create snippets using Ruby on Rails Snippet package You could use the solution given in ' How to automatically add "end" to code blocks?
Maybe you should take a look at CompletionService It is designed to combine executor and a queue functionality in one.
The reason I believe this isn't working is you have no comparison try this.
MySQL will do just fine with hundreds of millions of records for basic queries like yours.
If new is 1, a new browser window is opened if possible.
Just include the Junit jar in your classpath.
The prosciutto chips literally melted in your mouth and I even shared one with the birthday girl.\n\nMy friend sitting on my other side, opted for a vegetarian dish, the Peperone - \""stuffed pepper, quinoa, vegetable risotto, roasted tomato coulis\"".
I don't even like cole slaw and I was tempted to start licking my plate just to get the last parts that I couldn't pick up with my fork.
The veggies always seem really fresh and the selection is different than what you'll see anywhere else.
This is all working well in dev mode when built end deployed with angular-cli.
not all of the statics are in the same dll.
Since some time google officially depreceated ajax crawling scheme they came up with back in 2009 so I decided to get rid of generating snapshots in phantomJS for _escaped_fragment and rely on google to render my single page app like a modern browser and discover its content.
\nThey have a good breakfast buffet in Embers.
\n\n3 - If you must use plastic bags, Metcalfe's has the best in the business - they are an awesome green (some sort of implied \""gentle\"" dig, I know ...
Mentally prepare yourself before the procedure to NOT RUB YOUR EYES.
Just had an Angus beef blue cheese burger with onions mushrooms and cheese that was out of this world.
I'm happy to provide extra arguments ...
NOTE: This is the version I'm using:
Moonstones is deceptively small looking from the outside, but on the inside there are as many things to see as there are spiritual paths.
I'm trying to update fields in a DataTable.
As was pointed out by others, not having an idea of code structure is a much bigger problem.
renderUI conditioned by a reactive value Today I am trying to have a renderUI for which the form and the content depend on the value of a reactiveValues.
With regards to textarea I have read similar question
Both were made fresh to order and I savored each bite.
When I open the app, it displays great.
My wife had the steak Gorgonzola and it was cooked a perfect medium.
The waitstaff is very good, and the food as well.
You could try to get the signed_request parameter like this: - But you would have to deal with the parameter on your own.
Remembered this place's reviews & after hitting a curb, damaging the hubcap of my rental I finally made it in!
I think there were also apples.\n\nWe waited for our massages (which were 80 mins aromatherapy massages that were at a discount because they were the special promotional ones for the Thanksgiving holiday) and our massage therapists came to get us.
\n\nThey offer free breakfast that starts at 6:30AM, as well.
idpattern – This is the regular expression describing the pattern for non-braced placeholders (the braces will be added automatically as appropriate).
I was so excited to find real vienna Hot Dogs in Pittsburgh since I am a born and raised Chicago guy.
NLP Toolsuite - The JULIE Lab here offers a comprehensive NLP tool suite for the application purposes of semantic search, information extraction and text mining.
Delivery is very fast as well.
I would think this should be done with a .
I went here Friday night as my cheat night for the diet I'm on.
Finally, you can tell cout to use 2 characters for minutes, by piping setw(2) before the number; you can tell it to use the value '0' for the extra character by piping in setfill('0').
Step 2 - open webpage you want Step 3 - Copy next code to console Step 4 - Do your manipulations in console Step 5 - Copy next code to console STEP 6 - copy paste code from opened window textarea If you want to do it with PHP you can easily download page with curl and manipulate content and save file as desired.
B has a virtual table, because it has a virtual function, namely .
When I moved to the DC area I couldn't find any coffee as good as Prestogeorge's.
as a suscriber to the Blumenthal, there is always some great entertainment at this venue in its several concert/symphony halls.
It is definitely not an introductory course in Asian cuisine, so don't expect anyone to hold your hand.
Wife got the oxtail ragu dish, she was not a big fan of.
I came up with the following: My questions are: Is this the correct way of using composition/interfaces?
I expressed my discontent this morning and manager gave me the possibility if late check out, which was nice considering my flight is schedule to depart at 6 pm.
At the moment, that road is torn up by the lovely folks in the City of Charlotte, so you'll want to go -clockwise- around the hospital after you arrive at the ER thinking there will be parking nearby.
Very generous 30-day return policy and a wide selection of travel accessories as well as luggage.
Really good quality old school Italian in the downtown business district.
But there is no easy access to a trustworthy HTML DOM parser.
The crabmeat stuffed mushrooms were delicious.
Racket module contract confuse me the module: test-define.rkt the main program:act.rkt run the act.rkt, I get: this is what I want.
If you want to replace snippets of XML as they come across your line, you'll have to poke into the payload portion of the packets and look for patterns of XML..
Though I think this may be by design, kind of like a casino.
You would think that using on both the and its parent would take care of that, but it doesn't for some reason.
The feature doesn't really have much practical use in a system where transactions are limited to resource-local physical database transactions.
When one task finishes I would like to spawn another task on the thread that became available.
I haven't tried the Lobster Cobbler yet, but that will be consumed on my next visit...FACT!\n\nWhat put this place on the map for me...the Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding!
Just assuming: did you put a at the end of the ?
What's not to like about creativity?
Check Which Website is Visited I've been having trouble finding a way to check if the user of the program is visiting a specific website.
You have done that in your code.
I definitely did not leave hungry.
Over all it was a great time.
After adding created .jar file to another project and run it gives me how to fix this issue, please help me
I want row 1 to be aligned with the top of screen, row 3 to be aligned with the bottom of screen and the image to take the rest of space in between.
Truly one of the best curries I've ever had.
Was thrilled to see vegetarian options.
Peter Ruderman's suggestion to use TransparentBlt is probably a good one, though I've never tried it myself.
It's right in the heart of downtown and admission is FREE.
Hi try it using Converter I hope this will give you an idea.
Does it decide whether the form data is or is not sent to xyz.php?
We missed the free Happy Hour, but that's a good perk as well.
Store the image names in an NSMutableArray and shuffle the array, e.g.
One needed property (FOO) and the other didn't.
When I make an zero array with your dtype notice that the display shows a list of tuples.
The Y offers quite a few classes, most of which are pretty awesome if that's your thing.
Large studios are available for group exercise classes of numerous different varieties and there are basketball courts for both kids and adult leagues.
The only issue I have with the food is that the servings are really small and aren't worth the money you spend on it but if you go there on an empty stomach and end up ordering 4 martini's (8 total drinks) then you will need to get something to eat.
Each attribute is stored in a specific order, and if you change this class you have to be reminded of these export/import routines needs changing.
It's a bit noisy but that's because it is is full of happy diners.
This essentially splits up the whole line in file1.
Definitely try this if you are in town for lunch.
\n\nThe potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.
Unfortunately, though my hair looked amazing, it definitely took her a lot longer to blow me out and I have grown accustomed to Kim's speedy blowouts at Capristo.\n\nIn conclusion, the ambiance is WAY better at mcn and I am def considering returning if I still can't achieve the ombre color I want with Kim.
So this is how sourcemaps work in Gulp: Each element you select via gets transferred into a virtual file object, consisting of the contents in a Buffer, as well as the original file name.
These sites have an id and name associated (on the same line as the url in the seed.txt file) which I would like to be included along side other fields in the solr search results (such as host, segment, etc).
We were genuinely welcomed in and I knew People's Bakery was gonna be one of my new spots, having not even tried a single thing in the store.
Upstairs patio was a bit muggy in the summer, but has nice views.
I only get the first file replaced, but the rest of the files will fail.
I like to buy local whenever I can and this store reminds me a lot of REI but with the added bonus of being locally owned.
Downloading Firebase Storage Files Device Issue I am trying to download a word document from Firebase storage.
There are couple of ways to initialize members 1.
Instead use to print the X's next to each other.
I can't say that matters much for most people, I just thought I'd mention it in case it matters to you.\n\nMany services are available at this branch, and most days there are 3-4 tellers are available, so even on busy days, the line moves quickly.
My first visit was to have my VIN number verified for car registration, and Molnar's took care of me very quickly!
Your semi-complete solution is focusing on parents elements of your desired data, but you could also use the child or relative path identifiers.
I love Andy and he loves me.
Do we go there for yummy, fun times with friends, yes!
I am from Boston, and have been to Maine many times, so you can't expect to get cheap lobster in Charlotte, NC.
No, said the cute guy behind the counter, that's Hungarian.
I was sick when I went there (the ginger tea helped me quite a bit).
Your method Test is defined as taking a parameter of which expects a method signature similar to Look at the other options to see which match what you're trying to accomplish.
The fresh pasta trio is amazing.
My system computes aggregate statistics once every couple hours for presentation to users.
How can I access my php file from javascript in my directory structure?
Salmon cakes had lost their crispness on the outside, but the flavor was delicious.
I have checked that this method is called every time then what about this ?
Seems like this place puts decent effort into quality food and drink, and the atmosphere speaks for itself.
Its probably our new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Without namespaces you have to manage your global namespace carefully.
I was blown away by how packed it was, the line extended to the front of the store and there was barely any room.
well for standard HTML such as , , or whatever ..
EDIT 3 When using Layout pages you can use the extension method to generate a relative url:
And although it's been around for several years, I'm shocked it hasn't received the acclaim it deserves.
Everything was really fresh and light which sushi should be, but this just seemed better.
Well - the beds COULD be more comfortable.
(But I guess if they are simply never precompiled, then that’s not an actual problem, right?)
\n\nNow, I have been to Upstream at least 4 other times.
basic example 50 million log entries, assuming 5 different "types" of log table Better to have 5 x 10 million row tables than 1 x 50 million row table INSERT performance will be better with individual tables - indexes on each table will be smaller and so quicker/easier to be updated/maintained as part of the insert operation READ performance will be better with individual tables - less data to query, smaller indexes to traverse.
But the dropped packets are probably due to Amazon's firewalling.
Awesome staff, quick and accurate service, great tasting coffee and free wifi...
Response to Stefan: I tried: but it always returns an empty array .
And if this is for full-screen stuff, you may want to do the composition in an off-screen bitmap to avoid flicker.
I updated it now to two word version.
Food comes out fast and hot.
I am sure there must be a better way.
You mentioned time as a constraint both run time and development time.
The cheese is all melty on the top and it's yum yum delicious!
The great thing about China Wok is it is exactly what you'd expect.
I dont know if they were expecting 5 star restaurant service, but they do the best part time workers in their 20s can do.\n\nNow, the UIUC campus has several Espresso Royales (Union, UGL, BIF, Urbana, etc) but this is the best place, both in taste and service.
[Adding this here since you want a way to do it purely in XAML.
I made the mistake of spreading butter on top of my regular hotcakes, which I didn't realize were already approximately 50% butter in the first place.
I was also impressed that they actually cooked it to my specification; when I order a rare burger at most places, I usually get medium at best.
Was recommended to this restaurant by the front desk clerk at the Hilton nearby.
Lots of vegetarian options (if that's your thing - not mine).
I buy most of my produce and groceries at Meijer, but we come here quite often for the bulk section and soy products.
JavaScript unixtime problem I get the time from the database in Unix format.
Now I define the Builder to be e.g.
The BBQ was so tender and flavorful.
So where does PHP actually save temporary files during uploading?
There were quite a few people there toting toddler age kids around on their backs.
Look at your code: you have commented out the line that would actually execute the dynamic SQL ( ), and instead you're returning the query ( ) as a string: Just change that to execute the query instead of returning its string representation....
fill-in waiter was fine until our original guy came back, but the change up was something not expected or experienced before at an establishment of this caliber.\n\nthe pumpkin cheesecake special dessert was EXCELLENT!\n\nwhile convenient for sure, be prepared to wait awhile to get your car back from the complimentary valet service.
On top of it, the atmosphere gives you a feel to what our culture at U of I is like.
The shopkeepers are always very friendly and helpful.
Is there an easy way to get the specific element without having to iterate through the set manually?
I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options.
Stopped in for a drink on Monday night.
Eventualy you can enable this using specific commands on your tablet.
We went a little too early to see many butterflies at their exhibit, but it was still great and the grounds are beautiful!
If all else fails, you could create a table: then: then after running the procedure (provided no rollbacks) just the table.
I live not too far from this taco bell, and go pretty often.
We have only had one time when the system has had a problem, and they responded, came out and fixed it promptly - all covered under the warranty.
I hope the test blog will help you understand what I mean.
\n\nHe had dinner downtown Madison which was an easy drive to and from.
So I thought Fiesta was amazing.
Unfortunately not all of the various components' command line flags are modifiable when starting a GKE cluster.
For my main course, I ordered etouffee with all three (chicken, shrimp, and crawfish).
She made no fuss and profusely mea culped when we pointed out an extra drink on our receipt.\n\nWe ventured into the Ladies Room before leaving and found it to be clean and well maintained; adorned with antique mirrors.\n\nTessaro's is a longtime neighborhood meeting place that has survived on good service and two-fisted burgers.
What happens if rules are applied multiple time to a form This is more of a generic question, please remove it if this is not a correct platform.
The serving was huge, and the mac was awesome.
Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge, Coca Cafe, etc.), but most times I'd rather spend time with people in the restaurant at a table rather than waiting outside, especially now with winter approaching.
Occasionally the end is a little harder than I like, but it's not too often.
I've seen about 10-15 different rooms and we've hung out in the lobby spaces extensively, especially since we tend to start our runs from here on Sundays.\n\nI'm a big fan of this Westin.
I ate my first piece and was amazed at the flavors.
The company gave us uniforms that this woman altered and had ready on Saturday.
They didn't think it was bad because it was healthy and wasn't too oily nor salty.
The recent sale of plants was superb - horseradish root, sungold tomato plants, etc...Keep up the good work.
Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain.
It’s a bit of a monster – loads of conditional logic (in case statements), casts (sometimes embedded in other casts) from varchar to datetime, and 3 fields that rely on calls to a function that contains some date functions .
Converting local numbers into international format (for use with Rails and services such as Nexmo/Twilo) I want to verify my users phone numbers using a service such as Nexmo or Twilo.
I used to find myself stalking the menu for stuffed pepper soup day.
My husband did get his cake but i really had to restrain myself because he left it for over 24 hours!
This is soul food without going overboard on salt and fat.
Park Road Books is one of the few remaining independently owned book stores in Charlotte and it deserves our support.
Double click on one of the things named something like "module" on the left and you can edit your the range in your macro, for example if your data suddenly goes down 100 more rows than what you planned and you want the macro to cover it.
But, it won't allow to make an instance method of parent class as more restrictive in child class.
So while: isn't great, this: is pretty clear.
Change Combobox via Textbox Input VB.NET Hi I need some help over here...
When the device goes into Sleep mode and is waken up, the activity only goes through the and cycle.
TestResult should also be a DataContract, with all members marked up with DataMember.
It seems like this approach would avoid all the copying of arrays that occurs when crossing the JNI boundary.
When I run my app this is what I get: I thought it might have something to do with the Reuse Identifiers so I changed them to something unique for each of the cells, and modified the code accordingly, but still nothing shows up.
Bear in mind that you specified the flag, and we want to repeat this algorithm a certain number of times.
I know this because I live close and eat here 3 times a week, and he's always there.
Note: the Domain controller should be the same for mailbox creation and Active sync.
By debugging the JDBC connection it appears to use UTF-8.
It's topped with cream cheese and cherry tomato.
Using the handles changes the scale for some reason.
The regular pesticide-laden produce is great.
My boyfriend had the spinach mushroom salad while I had a Caesar.
What I simply need is to restrict this conversion.
After a very bad experience at Stanton Optical, it was a breath of fresh air to be greeted by Susan at Wisconsin Vision.
And I need to create a batch file that will: 1a.
So please look at the reviews of actual coffee lovers!!
Their menu almost distracted me from my mission by offering breakfast all day.
I wanted to know if there is any standard procedure for selling the domain name to the client or just let them transfer it.
Use an explicit or this implicit cast
Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.\n\nMy wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level.
That doesn't matter - we are their customers.
They had a running special so the boyfriend paid full price and my cost of entry was only $5.
Call : Ditto: Also see Base64Encoder | Missing Data and Base64Decoder | Missing Data on the Crypto++ wiki.
In case you to keep the original intact then you would have to make a copy of the list first and then the method on the copy.
And I swear these has browns are from scratch.
The getAll(); is referenced here in my service.
I've had BBQ all over the country but the sauce here is my kind of flavor.
Unfortunately it seems that this solution is limited to just a one level assisted injection.
Bonus: Use PDO instead of mysql_* functions.
You expect that classes that extend your abstract class have many common methods or fields, or require access modifiers other than public (such as protected and private).
So i can't drop it and create a new one.
So I am pretty much out of ideas for fixing the problem.
Change this to ( Best Practices ) this Since you haven’t told the Form Validation class to validate anything yet, it returns FALSE (boolean false) by default.
Yes, this gem of a museum in our city is pretty frickin' cool if you ask me.
Me, Sweetie and 2 friends booked a reservation.
You are in an infinite loop because you are setting the property (prop2) to itself.
You can add veggies for a small price) Also, if they seem full downstairs, the entire 2nd floor is seating.
Amongst the many other campus bars, Legends is truly a find - a not so well hidden diamond in the rough.\n\nThe drink prices are reasonable for campus and amazing when compared to Chicago.
I googled and found uinput however got this when trying to install it using: I get the following error: I do have libudev installed and the cosponsoring headers.
Staff was quite attentive and seemed to genuinely care about our experience.
Found my problem, had to specify the owner (self) when loading my nib:
\n\nCigar selection appear to be ok though I cant say for sure as I stick to Cubans (you can bring your own for a surcharge).
Therefore, the bootstrap method creates a singleton instance of the class and binds the instance directly to the call site (using a constant ).
I went to college near Chicago and come from California.
I'm thrilled if I can pull a beer not slapped with a \""Lite\"" label; or when I ask for a stout the waitress has something other than Guinness to provide.
That would really turn the world upside down!
As you can see, I couldn't justify only giving 4, I really can't think of anything I don't like about this place.
I can only imagine how huge an actual large would be.
It isn't much of a surprise to find that there are a lot of companies out there who will sell you just about anything, but Bradham Brothers had been around for a long time - nearly 30 years.
Here is what I'm attempting to achieve.
He immediately understood that my fiance didn't want to wait so he kept his plate hot while they made a fresh entree for me.
I forgot to ask if the coleslaw was sweet before I ordered so I was a little worried, not a fan of sweet coleslaw.
Your function explicitly returns if the property is "falsey": In JavaScript, , , , , and are all "falsey", and so the condition above will be true and cause to return .
However, there is an issue with it.
The prices are good anywhere, but especially for the prime downtown hot spot of market square.
The place is crowed for brunch on Sat.
I recommend the peanut ball ice cream.
I happen to like that they are making cool environmentally-friendly efforts to save water, power, etc.
\n\nHands down, this is some of the best Chinese food I've ever eaten!
A note can have many different content types, so a protocol seemed like the best way to go.
As the new tag is appended and not already in the DOM when the page is loaded, you can use to delegate this event from a parent element.
Especially the Oreo Latte, yum!Employees are always very friendly.
It's hard to find a good selection of the latter this day and age.
Note: you might have to play with variable names.
That being said, no red meat platters were placed in front of us.\n\nThe service here is impeccable.
So many antique door knobs and chandeliers, windows, cabinets, toilets, tubs!
Just don't make the mistake of getting on the wrong bus and having to ride for an extra 30 min because you got on the wrong way :) Also, it's nice that even the off-campus buses are free for students.
Mobile services handles the user authentication and also the server side user data segregation by the use of data script javascript functions: e.g.
I never realized they were a chain until I moved to WNY and they had three loactions there, which were all just as good.
tests to find the first empty column.
String always starts with var:value_var_v, end with any thing.
NoSQL solutions work very well for this sort of work (I've personally used Redis for a similar type of analysis, but you're in no ways bound to that particular solution.)
Several DICOM plugins are available for ImageJ .
For Boyer-Moore there are myriads of implementations.
If you're with a group and want to chat, head to the back for some space and a few less decibels.
The al internal model fields can be mapped: Instead of the more verbose:
Might be more suited for teenagers and adults.
Great BBQ!\nIt's a little out of the way, but worth the journey if you're looking for decent BBQ.\nI don't remember seeing any highchairs.
They have one helluva sound system.
I thought I had the program ready to run but when I run it nothing happens So I thought I had this code being able to work but it is not working.
what I ended up doing was; creating a second method getUserRecords that got a 'flag', I call getUserRecords from my first, getUser method and return a new object type with the flag included in the new object.
I tend to prefer this location of Thai Place because it is always so quiet.
If you drop your clothes off on a Wednesday, you get 25% off.
Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan.
But that's not what happens, the reality is more like this: You call .
The have good beer prices, especially for a music venue.
Do you set controllers as needing a login?
After doing some drinking at some other places, we landed at Park House.
Do you know some good tutorials for programming Bluetooth connection with Android?
Both egg and spring rolls are good.
The service was exemplary and the food...it continues to WOW.
Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.
\nQuite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town.
If you actually add a tip, it works fine FIDDLE
The main method to insert a row is below: Then here are the following helper methods to update the row indices, hyperlinks, and merged cell references: Also some additional pieces you will need:
In my application, I perform a query with the following parameters: (or whatever the date would have been) (to keep the query fast and the payload small) (or some similarly large page size, as I'm only grabbing one field) I then evaluate each post that has an greater than the would-be date, and throw those posts into a queue to download the entirety of the post content.
You have the following options: 1- Write it to a file (or touch a file and check for its existence) 2- Manually update a CONFIG file with a GLOBAL variable 3- Use a database.
within the docs, and was either blind (probably) or just making some bad assumptions, but there didn't seem to be a simple way to declare should be bound to .
In Velocity 1.7+, use $foreach.index (0-based), $foreach.count (1-based), $foreach.first and $foreach.last ( check the doc ).
2) I've already answered similar question If you are using 1 thread, for example, in EventLoopGroup for boss group for 2 different bootstraps, it means that you can't handle connections to this bootstraps simultaneously.
He greeted cheerfully and invited me to choose a table.\n\nI received a complimentary salad of crispy fresh lettuce with ginger dressing.
An excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.
\n\nbecause it's just a bit too pretentious for my taste.
I cannot thank Anne Gregory enough for their help in finding my dream wedding dress.
I want to give options to user like : Pay using Citrus Wallet Pay using Creditcard/Debit Card Pay using Net banking If user would like to pay using Citrus Wallet then i will ask user to login to citrus using their credentials.
The seaseme fried tofu was perfect.
I was thinking of using a block to set the value of @display to nil if the Display is not available and then providing a setter for unit testing.
The target API is different, but it is also a multipart/form-data API which dumps whatever it receives.
One piece of cheese pizza and one bottle of Dr.
Is it some kind of problem 2000?
It was very good, but the texture was a little off.
trainIdx and queryIdx have also been swapped to account for the previous changes made.
this is how i refrence the fiels in the head element: what can be the problem?
I was not disappointed and I don't believe my companion was either.
I am absolutely addicted to their crawfish cheesecake and my goodness the crab puffs are amazing.
It stands a fine line between the \""vintage\"" feel and just plain old.
Or does your "NAME" field have single-quotes and commas in it that might break your explicit double-quoting?
My friend and I went there last night and it was so good I can't stop thinking about it.
The art museum, even on a Saturday afternoon, was not crowded.
Then you can really sample a lot of the stuff on the menu.
\n\nThe best thing about this place is the management.
I used to live uptown and would come here for lunch often.
My database : It has one table and two columns inside the table viz.
We arrived for reservations at 8:30.
SCHEMA intranet file server(Apache)=1 &lt;-->Public http server(Apache Tomcat)=2&lt;-->internet authorized user=3 howto release this without save to filesystem on server 2 Thanks for answers i am new on java.
I'm trying to add some more features to improve some things - and I've coded them!
Below is example where I construct and insert 100,000 ints into both a vector and a stable vector.
Edit2: here is LogCat: Edit: Here is the Task that is in a different activity but being referenced in LogCat:
My wife and I went here last weekend, it was really good.
That version is missing the php5apache2_x.dll which caused doubt about this package.
C-strings are not the worse choice for that.
Use explode() and return the second index.
I have tried with .reset() but no success.
I combined that shit and life evolved.
That will most likely disable this behaviour.
But not that I have been looking into it for sometime now, I can share some insight.
The server we had was funny as hell.
Not much they need to do with it but fry it.
For what it is worth, there is no way to implement a singleton that doesn't involve an explicit variable to hold the instance, or an .
The staff is friendly and personable.
This is all you need: This will make a button cell and send the message on the preferences view controller.
I did not have the breakfast, so I can't speak to that.
It seems like there's thousands of tv's in this place!
The chicken is wonderful and the mac and cheese is soooo good!
Often in the winter, we will head in for an early dinner and then skate off the calories at the PPG ice rink across the street.\n\nAs long as you make a reservation, seating shouldn't be a problem.
This is where we go and the people that work here are friendly, service is quick, and it's never really busy.
I thought everything was well priced (all three rolls under $10 each) and we will definitely return for a casual dinner date.
I checked the capture source's output in GraphStudio, but it also resulted in the same black output.
I am following this 2 tutorial: I am sure that i installed all the required things in the second link and when i try running my app with "react-native run-android" I get the following error: I executed this command while I am running genymotion.
Other meals (chicken avocado sandwich and bacon cheeseburger) looked uninteresting.
In the loop, you are going from to the length of .
The problem is that I get always an exception caught when I use the init function.
Of course, this isn't D's fault.
C - create TCP SYN without filling IP header using raw socket I want my application to create TCP SYN packet and send on network.
Essentially, your biggest problem would be cleaning up event listeners, but if the event listeners are within your class (listening to itself, or it's children or even outside events) they should be GC'ed properly if the object is dereferenced throughout your app (don't store it somewhere else).
So I want to avoid re-fetching all data after every SQL insert command.
Stick with the burger or grab the fish fry...
You've got to give it a try!
So I made a small local homepage.
Then click the button anytime you need the sheet updated.
I can say without a doubt that it was the worst we have ever eaten.
This is done with SDL_GL_SetAttribute, for example: This will request a framebuffer with at least those sizes, and you'll be able to use blending.
I want to obtain the preceding and following values, if these exist.
It was very special.\n\nBack to the waiting area for our pedicures.
We try to go here once or twice a month.
stands for the less-than sign and stands for the greater-than sign I think(not really sure) you can replace like wish I could add comment, instead of answering but my reputation is not allowing me to do.
I love children (work with them everyday!) but it seems that families here feel comfortable letting their children do whatever they want.
First time I have ever been to Pittsburgh.
\nThis is the place to come unwind and let go of your inhibitions because nobody cares - so what if you're too old, too young, too un-stylish, too dolled up, you have everyone from your mother, to the young break dancers to the John Cusack wannabe's to the born again Michael Jackson's at this joint.
It was all you can eat for $24.
The music is just loud enough to hear, but not so loud that you can't think.\n\nThey have a decent selection of things to eat.
The coefficients: (all divided by ) Since I presumed the coefficients are in the order of: (see: ) What is causing the distortion/noise (the filters don't work)?
I always get their bbq chicken (bulgolgi's also very good, but I'm a white-meat eater) and it comes with a shitload of rice, side of kimchi, a few potstickers, some rice noodles...
The answers so far are all right, but i think you should do it differently for future use.
I think I will go in a different direction entirely by using the cca (Chrome Cordova App) toolchain to develop Mobile Chrome Apps .
It offers a bare minimum of services.
\n\nThis is not a fancy place.
Maybe that's the good old days where you can find soda fountain together with medications??
A couple arrived just after us, like five minutes, and were not seated for dinner.
The staff never rushes you out !!
I thought altFormat would work just the same?
I haven't brought one, but I sampled one and it tasted good.
Another critical thing to do is to benchmark server and client times.
Ladies - remember anything you wear will probably need to go to the dry cleaners to get the smoky smell out -- even your coat!\n\nThe waitresses were a little slow, maybe they were understaffed, but it was a Friday night!
There's a Giant Eagle (grocery store) in walking distance!
Have you tried getting rid of the statement completely?
Result is CSI 9 ; height ; width t ...and...
The simplest solution is probably to save your current user's account ID to when the user is authenticated (ie.
I will state it outright that I'm very particular about my food, and I've been known to stomp my food like a brat when my heart's set on that vegan tofu burrito from the fresh pack section and it's not available.
With a current client, much of that test would've failed when I started out there.
The following JSON body is received incomplete at the REST endpoint because of the second double quote ...="test...
\n\nAll that being said, I have searching a place that serves great burgers.
I'll ignore (for simplicity) the fact that they're not in the same DLL.
The issue is that "test->left" and "test->right" are pointers, and pointers are basically numbers that refer to where another object is stored.
Use the GetCommandLineArgs method to retrieve the command-line information parsed and stored in an array of strings.
They have a wide array of something for everyone from vegan offerings to biscuits and gravy to slices of cake taller than your head, and it's all tasty.
Short version: How do I change the value of a parent-state's dependency from inside a child's controller, such that siblings of the child state, who are also using the dependency will get the new value.
And then it takes the highest migration timestamp and puts this timestamp into the .
But since it's the end of April of 16, it'd better to switch your apt sources.list to Xenial and update the system to the next LTS, if you feel brave, or just python if you don't :)
I would come back here to try more of the menu.
Beautiful family, beautiful service, wonderful food (and wine).\n\nWe love you Monica!!!!\nLove always, your friends in CA
The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back, we would definitely go here and make them pay for our drinks.
I know for a fact that their chili is homemade!
I jumped on their 50% off patio furniture sale last month and I took advantage of their delivery for $56.
I have tried changing that directories permission to 777 to no avail edit1: running as privileged also does not help edit2: changing the dockerfile to Allows me to run the container locally but afterpushing to elastic beanstalk I get the container quit unexpectedly error again
Draw multiple views of scene on single screen I have a class for projection in OpenGL, which a user can use as follows: The and methods in my class are simple methods right now as follows: I want the user to be able to create multiple instances of the above class (supply different params for and for each of these classes) and then draw all the three on the screen.
My application uses Redis Pub/Sub, when receiving a message in a channel it streams the text 'data: {"value":42}' The implementation is following Flask docs at: docs and my unit tests are done following Flask docs too.
I'm just trying to align then and add padding.
I got BBQ Beef Ribs, with Mac & Cheese, Collard Greens, and Yams.
well, it was a bit soft but in general the food here to me says west 35th, 55th off the Dan Ryan, or even 95th and Ewing if you know what I mean.
Although, I have a long, classic hair, I watched her work on a variety of other clients while my color was processing.
The basic idea is that Select is used to select from a list of notes and Edit is used to edit those notes.
Thankfully, they have a well-organized (and four-page dense) beer menu that will help you find just the draft or bottle you're looking for.
My friend had the pastrami, and it looked tastier.
I'd say it takes about 2.5 to 3 hours to get through it if you've never been.
In addition, I may have had one of the most bi-polar plates of my life...
\n\nIt's so good to see people renovate and repair rather than throw out.
I didn't particularly care for the food, but I loved the length of the vegan menu and I can't wait to come back and try the rest of it, even if it is just to be disappointed.\n\nWe waited for about a half hour and were seated likely as the last Friday rush made its way out.
I appreciated how he found a table and some chairs to seat us even though they were superbusy.
The guy harboring all the secret recipes of the menu in his head.
The rendered SQL has an ORDER BY clause that Postgres explain says is the source of 99% of the time spent on this query.
So, It is a great responsibility of notifying the SDK to not to call back for a UI that is going away.
On the first write, the copy is made.
I took the code from and the instructions for the options from
They forgot my drink when they made the delivery but the driver went back and got my drink and returned in under 10 minutes.
Everything is freshly prepared with good ingredients.
For lambda expressions, this binding will never change, the bootstrap method is therefore only called once.
I backed up the database and restored it locally.
I had to declare the resolver extension in the global scope, so that the subprojects also use it: Then project also uses "Developer's repo" and everything works exactly as expected with versions like or .
I am a sucker for the pineapple chicken fried rice served in a hollowed out pineapple.
There are 2 top-out boulders, bouldering walls, lead cave, and plenty of top ropes to suit your needs.
Insertion sort while removing duplicates in C++ I am having trouble with my insertion sort method.
See also the Microsoft article about Using command redirection operators to understand the meaning of .
I've been there dozens of times.\n\nTheir daily specials are usually what I check out, and they come with a cup of soup.
If div wider cut left side of div I couldn't find anything similar that's why I need your help.
It's actually a Dave Matthews collaboration!!
Settings->DeveloperOptions: Turn on debugging and enable USB debugging.
One of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to.\n\nNever judge a book by it's cover.
This takes me to the next point.
so I was immediately drawn to that dish.\n\nIt was absolutely great.
\nIf you see an older pilot, don't try to be nice to them.
Which as other answers mention, easy enough, .
\n\nI had a great experience dodging potholes on my way through the Allentown neighborhood of Pittsburgh which it makes it much more awarding arriving with my wheels of my vehicle still in alignment.
It made what would have been an average visit fantastic.\n\nI didn't have a chance to do the tour of the mansion, but I did walk around the grounds, and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day.
They used to have free jazz on Tuesdays, I think, not sure if they still do.\n\nYUM their cucumber sauce is awesome.
Decent run of the mill airport.
Marriott City Center is the host with the most!
You would have to write your own serialization and deserialization methods to make it serializable.
Take TEXT, or, if you wan't to give the length, VARCHAR(length) SENSORS_COLUMN_2 + "FLOAT," + SENSORS_COLUMN_3 + "FLOAT," + SENSORS_COLUMN_4 + "FLOAT," + "FLOAT" is all right and it converted into "REAL" SENSORS_COLUMN_STATUS + "BOOLEAN)" SQLite does not have a separate Boolean storage class.
Oh, but if you're not in the mood for noodles...
Background images only load sometimes Hit refresh a few times.
I believe there's something with the fact that the webparts cannot be connected before the page containing them is actually created, but I'm far from sure of it.
That kind of works, but the text will wrap below the image if the text is too long.
In your Activity's onResume() method you would then call this method.
Other than that, everything was perfect.\n\nThey do not have that many bathrooms, but it is understandable since it is an old house.
In fact, there is nearly anything you could possibly want.
My husband and I have been coming here for the past six years and cannot say enough about the salon.
If I Redirect to the Details Action it works fine.
For instance, will suffice for your needs.
Lively fun place with people to match.
Trying to get communication down to a single byte is often a false economy.
He says this place has the best steak.
Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh.
There are over 90 crystal chandeliers, torchieres and sconces in the theater, all but one are original.
They have a \""couples massage package\"" that has a scrub and a massage, but she told me how that one worked, and being that yes you get to be in the same room with your friend, mom, daughter, partner but one does the massage while the other has the scrub and then you switch.
The nice young lady who waited on us was fast and nice.
And they apparently didn't have the recipe I requested on record, but gave me a general run down of how to make it from memory; now I make them at home according to Soba's instructions every time!\n\nThe drinks!
As such, the solution was to define a root XSD containing the DocHeader.xsd and the DocBody.xsd as components.
Regex to match Tags NOT surrounded by Tags I have the following example: As you can see there are -tags which are not surrounded by an .
Bets Rubin and the fired chicken is cooked fresh so it is hot and crispy!
Lots of kids and friends stopped by to see an old neighbor that was in town visiting.
The ham and cheese omelet is fluffy and cooked just right.
Cozy and comfortable, our food was really good, and the waitstaff friendly and efficient!\n\nThe mussels were great (garlic madness) and they split some entrees for us in the kitchen.
does it depends on the language?
It's gotta be my favourite location in the Pittsburgh area.
Be sure to get the buffer flags correct.
You can request a long-lived token and use it for testing purpose.
I tried replacing the path of the input and output by one without any space and it now works !
I never used to like going to car maintenance facilities.
Then you can loose the ORDER clause as you will get one result (and also loose the COUNT).
If something was to take its place you are saying that the record was brought back to life.
I know how to do this with Jquery, but I need native and pure JavaScript in this case.
I see that there is a simple solution to enable me to debug ASP.Net Core source Code (
I can't tell you how many times I've had garments ruined - buttons go awry, seaming comes loose, hemming done unevenly.
Thus there are two contributors but they are both me.
I park at Parkngo...with or without a reservation.
in order to convert a string value to some other type, then you need something more complex, like this .
And obviously I will have to eat there in the future, as I'm seeing several other great reviews
Oh, and did I mention the food?
I used this place for a while, but now having moved to Shadyside, I can't see myself making the trip down to Forbes.
Or if there is no need to manipulate someting with javascript i would do it entirely in php.
You can also ask the window: var hidpi = ('devicePixelRatio' in window &amp;&amp; devicePixelRatio > 1); and create the default Layers like this: var defaultLayers = platform.createDefaultLayers(hidpi ?
$3 mimosas on Sunday, even MORE awesome, and the bartender even allowed me to sub cranberry juice for the orange juice.
Also, the solutions must run in Ruby 1.9.2 , on Linux .
\n\nHere are a couple interesting facts: The mirrors, marble and woodwork in the Grand Lobby are all original.
The Discovery Place exceeded our expectations.
We were even ready to eat 30 minutes early, and the staff got the buffet fully set up within minutes of being informed.
My wife and I have been here a number of times and it's gotten better each time.
I was there while the Steelers were on, so it was festive.\nI agree they are a little dry...so get hot sauce, or ask for some mayo or ranch, ect...\nAnd it was quite warm in there.
Once I generate a test transaction in my app and I log on to Stripe, it will show that a new customer with a valid card was created, but the plan_id isn't transmitted.
So maybe that is all there is to it.
They know when I walk in their direction from the Fresh Pack section that I'm looking for my second option of the BLT because the burrito isn't available.
\n\nThe ultimate quest for the \""best pizza\"" is a tricky thing.
The following will give you the counts you want as a SQL result set: Once you have that, it's up to you to convert that into whatever format you want in whichever language you are using to query the database.
I cringed when I saw that their BBQ buffet price went up to $24/person, considering that I can go to a seafood buffet 10 minutes away for much less.
It can sometimes be pretty busy at lunch time but the wait is never too long.
JPQL Create new Object In Select Statement - avoid or embrace?
They're all very accommodating with tv channel change requests, please turn up/down the music, etc.\n\nBEST NIGHT TO GO: Badger Band Concert Day in April!
Java has a facility built specifically for this purpose - Properties.
//EDIT - I felt like having a quick 5 mins in photoshop so created a black one for you.
When size is not 0, an empty string is returned only when EOF is encountered immediately.
I topped it off with 2 Amstel Lights and some good conversation.
Other/suggestions: as have suggested; using controller syntax in routes would help you come up with better code structure / design in router config, directives , or components .
\n\nI have been to Upstream 2 times B.Y (Before Yelp), and thought it was just OK so it hasn't been on my radar.
Anyway, I assumed they had tons of reviews until i looked.
which has raisins and sunflower seeds.
I have to create Filter for my CheckboxTreeViewer.
And finally there is the \""Irish Hoe\""--half Guinness, half Hoegaarden.
I thought the salad after the entree was pretty interesting .
lol) and a beer flight for $6.
It's a rare occasion that the bread I buy here doesn't get eaten.
I'm coming for that Dutch Badge...
Chicken parm was awesome ( highly recommended )...
The question is, what's the best way to deal with this?
And, even if they do, you probably don't want to know!\n\nYou get what you pay for - in both food & service.
EDIT: I have to change things within the functions not the output as the comp directly checks the functions in particular to_camel.
This happens after the C# compiler has come along and generated the IL for your assembly.
\n\nI ordered the Shrimp and Grits and a Mimosa from the brunch menu.
For that I give it my fandome and return business.
Fries: 5 stars \nCheesesteak 5 stars\nno non alcoholic beer 0 stars\nLocation 4 stars\nInterior: 2 stars\nBonus points for service and longevity
Then you can do something like:
I'm trying to get a basic unit test example working.
Accept only number formats for a property from JSON I am developing ASP.Net Web API application and we are exposing a REST API for different clients.
Now, the bakery is a little 'Eh' for me.
From the NSOperation reference: Dependencies are a convenient way to execute operations in a specific order.
Great fried chicken and excellent salmon patties with spicy remoulade sauce.
So, I seached a little bit, and I remebered that: From: But, (there's always a "but"), ...
Nevertheless, I had a great experience and would happily encourage any of the Art museum visitors to head over and take the tour.
The ribs were really good and the brisket was decent.
If the source value is between two adjacent destination values, the result of the conversion is an implementation-deﬁned choice of either of those values.
\n\nEveryone at Salon Cercone are really nice, and the environment is welcoming and casual.
for start mod-rewire start from the your domain.
\n\nGreat choice for a bowl game and hope UC returns again.
I don't know where I'm supposed to look, whether its the view files or the controller files?
She said that it was really good and the omelets were unbelievable.
It was light, and maybe a little too sweet - but summery and fruity.
But to successfully run the app there should be at least one main activity with the defined by above code otherwise Andorid system can not start your application.
Nice decoration in guest room, feel like home.
I declared the array as: Each time a new data is being generated, I store it like: where might be and represents the ratio; If the data generated already exists, I must increment the ratio, like: Why is the property not available?
Those were some big thick burgers.
This airport also offers some great food selections and shops so you can stock up on supplies for the next leg of your trip.
10 more Caused by: java.io.FileNotFoundException: class path resource [activemq.xml] cannot be opened because it does not exist at org.springframework.core.io.ClassPathResource.getInputStream(ClassPathResource.java:158) at org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitions(XmlBeanDefinitionReader.java:328) ...
I first contemplated getting the fried fish with french fries.
Did you configure the encoding here?
The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving.
O'Malley's is right off the runway at the Madison Airport.
Your current approach is a mix of both aliasing and qualifying.
Assuming your project's POM and Maven settings file does not change the default repository settings Maven will download files from Maven Central So taking a dependency as follows: Maven will use the following URL convention (Maven2 repository layout): To download 2 files: The first is the module POM, whose packaging element will indicate the file name extension to use when downloading the second file (defaults to "jar").
I want to "escape" the highlighting on C so it changes as little as possible It seems within the cascading paradigm of CSS.
XML data storage: Jupiter stores data in XML format to simplify use and re-use.
This appears to come from the relationship in the ORM model, which has an order_by clause.
I've tried to use this function and consulted the Matplotlib docoment but found it seems that the library does not support 3D annotation.
It will blow your freaking mind/ melt your brain.
Complete with a huge chandelier and detailed ceiling art, the place itself is a sight to see.
Also, sounds like you'd need to store an extra column to identify what type of Log entry a record is (Product, Shipping....) MAINTENANCE on smaller tables is less painful (statistics, index defragging/rebuilding etc) Essentially, this is about partitioning data.
In our framework, we have the following SQL statements that takes in a dict with certain known keys and potentially any number of unexpected keys and values (depending what information was provided).
This is in VSTS 2010 Question: Using WIQL, is it possible to get the list of file differences due to checkins 1) for a given date range 2) for a given folder
Finally, I have the Session affinity set to ClientIP on that backend service as well.
The server will automatically lookup the object for this key to the dataframe object that was returned before by .
Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and it was so yummy!
Mixed Content Warning for Forum Design I'm currently designing a social network on my local host, that also has a forum aspect involved.
All in all I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them\n\nThe steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.\n\nService is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
The other guy at lunch had soup and dumplings.
The table service was friendly and polite, and very quick with drinks.
My problem is that I don't know how to give my cards an integer value, I need that to see who wins.
Tools to capture infromation from multiple snmp agents I am searching a tool to capture information from multiple snmp agents .I went through net-snmp apis for the same but I need a scalable solution .Please lemme know if any tool already exists, If not,Is it good practice to write your own snmp manager from scratch ?
You could though serve the images from a server and use a scripting language like PHP to get the device information of the user and then serve the appropriate image based on that using PHP function header.
The hot dog is topped with yellow mustard, chopped white onions, sweet pickle relish, a dill pickle spear, tomato slices, pickled sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt.
I can also type in code, hit TAB and the snippet is inserted.
And then I'd do a post of with the password value already encrypted, how could I achieve this?
These are the funnels: Goal 1: Product page: something /product1 Cart: ^/checkout/cart/$ Customer details: ^/checkout/cart/step2/$ Destination: ^/checkout/onepage/success/ Goal 2: Product page: something /product2 Cart: ^/checkout/cart/$ Customer details: ^/checkout/cart/step2/$ Destination: ^/checkout/onepage/success/ Both Goals have the same conversion rate.
obviously isn't going to work, but not sure how else to go about it.
The Jumbo Crab Cakes ($8) were pretty good, but keep in mind that the Cilantro Avocado Emulsion is little a small dollop on the plate.
And because of this pseudo REST like URL, /en/, it is easily bookmarkable, and search engine friendly
The last time I was there, I got an authentic, mint-condition Burberry men's trench (with lining!) for $4.00.
The 1st floor room has double doors so I didn't find it any noisier than the others.
Given two unsorted arrays and with distinct elements, determine if and can be rearranged so that they are identical.
I am writing a converter to change emails which arrive in different formats and are then converted into a consistent internal format ( ).
I could spend hours on hours in here!
If you want to simulate a first-time run of your app, you can leave the app uninstalled for a day.
The only way I've found to do this so far is pick a random "on" bit in one, then check the other to see if it's also on, then repeat until I find a match.
PS: using $() or backticks directly from terminal (outside a bash script) will work....
You may be having the same issue as is mentioned here: In a nutshell, for 10 inch tablets, like the Samsung Galaxy Tab, you also have to set to true.
\n\nAnother tip they have an amazing candy selection that is great for stocking stuffers and easter baskets!!
And store the path of those image files in your database.
The beer and food are grade A bar quality.
My advice to the kitchen would be to add some more salt and pepper while cooking to make it tastier out of the gate.\n\nTessaro's provides a classic Pittsburgh experience.
How does one provision a Drupal instance?
I dont want to allow it to exit the frame, so I check if X is less than 0, return if higher than width return, same for y.
she was in breakfast nirvana as well.
Suppose I've installed five apps in some mobile.
The appetizer was very filling in itself and absolutely sublime for smoked salmon.
You need to check the ports you are using in the you conf file (e.g.
(In fact, you weren't even selecting the form element – inside , is the global object.) Cache a reference to the form ( ) and call its method: Note that I have also replaced your inefficient call with .
I think we both went with fries and the Cole-slaw for our sides.
Supposing the wizard is mounted at , redirecting to at the end, the flow would be something like: , , , .
Regardless, thanks for all your help guys.
I did try width android:layout_span="2" for the last cell, but it does not end up in equal width.
Don's tennis has had a sale every time I've driven by.
Very nice for a regional airport.
There are a few core "best practices" that I recommend: Don't block on code .
Any caveats in terms of developing such a complex sound-based web application?
We have some solutions building on TeamCity, but dependencies aren't set up right.
It was really good food and the prices were great!\n\nOh yeah, the Pickles were excellent and HUGE!
You can put functions in the stash and call them from TT, and if you want them to be available all the time you can add them to the in your view.
KeyManager: Determines which authentication credentials to send to the remote host.
I'm not a big Italian fan, but since we are up north where the best Italian is, I wanted to try it.
I can tell you that if you just call this from any-old-thead it won't work, it needs a message pump.
I know exactly the times I want so I don't need any other button.
it's a ton of food but oh so good.
The book xUnit Test Patterns offers a lot of great insights into this very question.
I've been bringing my VW's here for nearly 8 years...first my wife's 99 passat wagon and my 04 passat.
D is dependent on B; B can exist on its own.
This isn't very clean, and won't capture functions that end with ?
Most z-buffer precision is found in the near.
Actual Results: It invalidates existing developer certificates and provisioning profiles.
I am aware of two approaches: function allows to position a subplot anywhere in normalized coordinate frame.
Opacity works flawlessly on img and div tags, but position property will not work.
The first step is to turn on your error reporting, so put the code below right under your opening tags: That will show you the errors.
I was taken aback since so many places are stingy with bacon.
NHaml is my favorite for its terseness.
Symbols for the app in question are loaded by the debugger, the "Debug Source Files" property page includes a pointer to the directory in which my source-code lives, but no dice.
Loved the place the moment we stepped in.
i hate that.\n3) they are markedly green conscious: signs praising you for shopping second hand and keeping a three foot high stack of splayed-out newspaper for wrapping gifts.
I ordered my burger medium-rare and Bazinga...
That is the beauty of open source software.
My one and only qualm that I've noticed a few other reviewers mention is the flow of people into the stadium.
\n\nI didn't deduct any stars for this since it's *technically* a special circumstance, but the only downside of the night was that the servers sat down to wrap silverware by turning the TV on really loud right behind us to the series finale of Lost, which I had planned on watching at a later date.
After the application is closed, I would like the user to return to that page with some results passed from the application.
The service was quick, the staff was friendly and everything seems in order.
It's setup fairly typically, but my problem is that I am getting a 406 status error when I attempt to return a JSON object from my controller methods.
\n\nWe capped the night by sharing a piece of Chocolate cake and it was delicious..
By far the best oysters I ever had!!!
They have always been fine with altering and substituting ingredients, which is always nice.
Won't eat anywhere else for breakfast in the burg!
THe food isn't bad, there are some decent stores, and cool rocking chairs.
In your form, you want PHP to treat your input as an array, so change your HTML like so-> add [] after the name.
I wish this place was a drive through instead of in a mall.
Lines with an applied DashStyle are wrongly drawn Doing some GIS programming I stumbled over the following strange issue: When I apply a transformation matrix with fairly large transformation values to a Graphics object and then draw a line from point A to point B, it is drawn crooked as soon as I apply a DashStyle to the used Pen object.
This will be somewhat accurate (Date object construction might take some milliseconds).
At first glance I wasn't too impressed with the buffet, I thought it'd be another botched attempt of authentic Indian food.
If you're the only one who's going to maintain it, sure, static pages might not be bad.
How much profit/value will those users bring?
I haven't been able to find anything in the MarkLogic docs.
Read carefully Features Creating default structure for New Node Project and New Node Source File Generating Express project with Wizard JavaScript Syntax highlighting Bracket matching and marking selection occurences with background color Content Assistant within one file Go to definition with Ctrl +click when JSDoc is used Refactoring within one file ( Alt+Shift+R ) JSON files highlight and validation NPM support Debugging - Breakpoint, Trace, Variables, Expressions, etc...
A hole in the wall but the food definitely makes up for it.
and again: When I click on permissions or options for remote debugger:
It will help me follow what happens in certain situations.
Output: f is null (only once) g
For each group, you compute the average of all of the points in each of the k groups.
Make a public getter for .
\n\nI used to work in the strip and would often walk down to Wholly's just to get sushi and talk to Andy.
XCode Storyboard - View appearing in Landscape?
Chick's has a greater variety on the menu though in terms of various salads, more side choices...
Pho is a good meal to warm you up in the winter and this place is a great place to stop in for a yummy dinner.
Had an opportunity to be wined and dined (or beer and dined) by the Bobcats last night.
Don't they care about the comfort of their customers?\n\nThe food was good, but the waiter did a poor job: he got one order correct, but they botched Jo's fish dish (she asked for the rice pilaf without tomato, and they brought her the standard rice pilaf with tomato), and they botched my order (I didn't order the prix fixe dinner, but they charged me for it (at a cost of $7 more), even though I communicated my order clearly.
You can do multiple inserts like this though,
I managed to save enough room for dessert and enjoyed a slice of sweet potato cake.
Any thoughts are very much appreciated.
It's a user-defined type, and members of user-defined types are initialized by calling their constructor, i.e.
The coffee drinks are OK, but I don't come here for those.
If you're into diner food and unpretentious plates, then this is the place for you.
Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!
In my search option( ) i've a contains searched friends of .
In the admin tool, I believe it puts a little "+" icon next to the dropdown so you can quickly and efficiently add a record to the dropdown by opening up a popup.
If you simply need to run some code after execution of the method, I would use the event handler.
I think it was like $2 for a single banana too.
The food and drink selections are great and fairly priced.
(try it Joe D style with a dollop of guac on it instead of sour cream) The lime cilantro salad dressing Is amazing, I've had it on the grilled portobello mushroom salad for a meat free meal.
Just about every you need.\n\nWith great hours, a solid hot bar, sushi (if you're into that), a dry cleaning service, pharmacy, tons of produce, bakery and butchers counter you can't go wrong.
And anyway, from what I can see in DataSource+and+Resource+Support , there is no support at all for GlassFish.
And the menu has a lot of different American food options (burgers, salads, chicken entrees, etc), which is good for two friends who can't agree on a kind of restaurant for dinner.
And would this be considered bad practice?
The bar had 11 German beers on tap, ranging from Pilsner to Optimator, and several more in bottles.
This will remove any synchronization and contribution supporting files and directories too.
Too often charming old buildings are paved over and replaces with concrete boxes.
I tried configure with but without success.
Having a single central repository for support for exclusive locks makes sense if you deal with files that are not mergable like digital assets and non-text documents (PDFs and Word etc) as it prevents you getting yourself into a mess and manually merging.
For some reason, I feel it's not some obvious garbage collection and afair, Linux threads are using shared process memory, so it's no address mismatch, and the pointer dereference looks alright too,.
Do this for both the server and client.
So my first problem, can anyone shed some light on why it doesn't run the first time?
, and I want to remove all non-digit characters in order to get the int 134.
You can either rewirte your if statement as following: char c = str.charAt(i); or use pattern matching, e.g.
I can actually say I've never been seated at a restaurant where it took 15 minutes to receive one.
My questions are: Is the above summary correct, or do I miss here something essential?
Almost has the feel of a college football game.
Please tolerate this observed variance of ±1ms.
Every ingredient was fresh and tasty.
I think this place may be able to claim they have the cheapest prices in Shadyside.
It will not fail on any of the import statements; rather it will fail with an AttributeError on the assignment statement in x.y.a, because the import of y has not yet finished, so y has not yet been bound into x.
I then convert the list into an array using in PHP for entry into the database.
The staff at Inner Peaks will take good care of you.
The service is excellent, the atmosphere a time capsule of a 50s diner & the food is some of the best diner fair I've ever had.
In my custom controller, I want to append some info to the form, then forward it to the gateway.
I have been to 3 different locations.
BFF 2 said she had heard all about it and she too had been dying to go, and so it was decided.
My dining mate had stuffed pablano peppers.
Seeing better code will help imporve his process.
And don't forget to authenticate with your SMTP server !
In my database I have an endless list and I want to display only the last 100 items and any new coming item.
I liked his noodles more than mine (as always) and he offered to swap.
So it wouldn't have occurred to me to review the airport, because it's just the airport.
Monster Energy Drink (low carb to keep my girlish figure)\n7.
Quick service make up for the long lines.
But the best thing they have is their wings.
By calling both the _breadcrumb method with x.father and assigning x = x.father in the beginning of the while loop you jump over one father.
After a month of being a regular, we decided to become parishioners.
When I picked it up everything was just fine.
The error from the API is code 400, {"Message":"File not found in Request"}" Any suggestions on what I'm doing wrong?
How to add design time support for attached properties in silverlight?
It seemed like every time I asked, \""What is that?\"" I wouldn't even let the woman behind the counter finish her description before I would reply, \""I'll take one of those.\"" I will definitely return.
Everything was festively decorated for the holidays.
SO my question is how can I encode the text input from the user so that it will form valid JSON.
I'm trying to make a regex for this: the 1's could be any digit (0 to 9) I guess it would be something like that: But I don't know how to put that comma in the expression and to make sure there could be a maximum of 4 digits, separated by 3 commas.
Exams for a rat were around $60 with medicine and so forth...
\n\nThe pizza here is a lot like NJ/NY pizza.
You can do the following: } Then override in derived classes, e.g.
I recommend you to use both client as well as server side validation for a blend of interactivity and protection.
Tons of moving walkways to help you navigate more quickly.
Love coming to this local shop!
And then you can select to color the nodes via your new column.
If you use multiple partitions, the same RowKey can be reused in every partition.
"They" call it "z-fighting", so fight the good fight!
Whether you're accessing a , , there's no difference: it's always the same violation.
A strange man claiming to work at Saks went around kissing our hands.
I conclusion, Browne's could be a store depending on who is working that day.
You should create global variable of VenuViewModel in constructor/loaded handler and call its GetAllVenues in Loaded event
I believe it closes at 11, so it lends itself to a more relaxed crowd.
Additionally, there may be some nasty surprises in the .txt files.
Sorry, I had to go there :)
However, I'm unable to find a RegEx that delimits the list successfully.
- Excellent staff\n- Excellent service\n- Excellent patient care\n- Excellent technology\n- Excellent EXPERIENCE!\n\nNo doubt about it, Dr.
This count can match the expected number of items or be less (even zero) due to a matching failure, a reading error, or the reach of the end-of-file.
The ZBar scanner just gives you back a value, and you can do whatever you choose with it.
Paying for internet did kind of suck.
You can nest any number of submenus anywhere.
Outputting file contents as UTF-8 leads to character encoding issues I set my header as follows: and then output a local file on my server to the browser using the following code-segment: The files I have on the server are created by lua and thus, the output of the following is (before conversion): The files contain some characters like ( ) etc.
I found that it is possible by using an ItemTemplate but then I have to manually place in a label, which then has a different style to my other combobox.
$5 dollar apps and dollar off tap beers.\n\nThey have a wide selection of draft beers, so if you like to enjoy flavors other than Miller Light this is a great place to go and enjoy some IPAs at a good price.\n\nWide selection of $5 apps too.
Now I think that design pattern is suitable for this task ?
Better than Earth Fare, better than Trader Joes, straight up.
I can proudly say, their scallops had a lovely sear and were cooked perfectly inside.
The dog came in this little boat sized paper tray.
Later versions (like Firefox OS 1.2 ) also support an url parameter that can have the other fields subject, body, cc, bcc as part of the query string.
They are usually a couple of early 30's to middle aged women working here that make ya feel like mom is welcoming you home.
After scratching my head for a bit I started looking at the properties in the two tabs (both in Chrome) and the only 2 things at this point that jump out me are that when I hover over the or element in the fiddle, it shows a grey box the area where it's displayed.
The only drawback is the parking; because of it's popularity it gets a little crowded.
But, you could still achieve the same result by doing a bit more manual work and using the service.
My bf got one of their loaded savory crepes, which had cheese, ham and a few other things, and I believe he liked it.
On our last trip we started with the malay lobak and it's a tasty table pleaser with its combo pork, tofu, and shrimp options.
I am able to swap the month with the year and re-encrypt.
Simplest possible solution is to put user entered key in some global variable(or somewhere where you can access it later) and just call a method to instantiate your DbContext with correct connection string.
What an, for me, awkward and unlucky behaviour.
Amazing Cardio Funk classes with Q!!!
The sauce is good too, light but with a good tomato flavor.
No translation has been done, but the strings are all externalized, so if we had a desire to ship the product localized for a specific country we could get the files translated, have the product tested, and ship it for use natively in that country.
I applied to that is outside the and its working perfectly But when I applied the same line of code to combobox within jtable which selects the first occurrence of the data that match the key typed.
From the command line you can run specific scenarios from the same feature file using a colon between the line numbers, like this: If scenarios are defined at lines 37 and 52, both would be executed by cucumber.
The passwords are created using keychain method provided by Apple.
Whatever you ask for, they accommodate!!!
Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi, tuna tartare, arugala salad, bread pudding, and pretty much every soup.
Might not be worth the hassle.
Abundant vegan options, even for breakfast!
Use event window.onbeforeunload , which fires when the page is unloaded and return string "You have pending unsaved changes.
Javascript will let you access all the styles applied to the document.
Is it possible to do both?
I can't remember a time where my order was messed up, but I can't say for certain it hasn't happened.
This dish was actually the biggest disappointment of the evening for me for a few reasons including the single piece of fish and also that it seemed to lack the depth of flavors that the rest of the dishes so nicely displayed.
I've been to a few soul food restaurants, where they claim \""everything is homemade\"" but when it comes to Mert's that's exactly what you get!
Then it will process the HTML and updates all value, before the browser finally render the view.
Have been coming here for years to play volleyball.
The library was developed by contributors from Google Research and NYU.
Many other shops seem to carry pipes as an afterthought.
So my question is how would I be able to update the set key.
As a refinement, you might want to do a least-squares linear regression over the longer term, and then compare the shorter term average to the projection you get from that.
\n\nWe weren't huge fans of the crab soup, and I'd stay away from salads...
And, it's not that difficult, any half decent developer with an IQ of 240, and a penchant for sadism should easily be able to pick it up.
Once the output has been calculated, it can be passed to another neuron (or group of neurons) or sampled by the external environment.
Before I switched teams to be a fan of Woodlands, Maharani was my favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte.
Note, if you don't have pip, run the following command: sudo yum install python-pip
If anyone is curious, I'm moving in the direction of 'refine, educate, and take control of interpretation'.
SO FULLY SPECIFY ALL PATHS TO ALL FILES IN BOTH CRONTAB AND IN THE CALLED SH SCRIPT FILES AND IN ARGUMENTS!
In Sys Prefs -> keyboard -> input sources, select show input menu in menu bar.
Once you have a path along the grid squares, post-process that path into a sequence of waypoints wherever there's an inflection in the path.
If you want to maintain your own version of LibraryB you have a few options: You can make LibraryB inherent part of your project: just remove or comment out section in the config file, and make changes to LibraryB inside your project.
Resuming, I have a graphical C/C++ coded application that constant inputs strings on a window inside the client; I want to read those strings or any other strings/inputs this application does.
Lastly I thinkI can use Apache to direct traffic to where I want.
Is there a way to turn this off?
After doing some research and finally deciding to go to FU's I was introduced to Hans.
Depending on exactly what you are doing, it might be easier to make a real parser.
My assumptions are that this might be happening because is executed in a new Thread and therefore sometimes fails to fetch data before it's returned, but, yet again, I have no idea if it is so or not.
I have also recommended them to several contacts as well as personal friends.
I've found some examples online but I'm getting confused as to what I should be passing to various methods.
The only bad news is the general ambience of the upstairs lunch area .
This parameter needs to be a string.
This has been effectively resolved by using MSDeploy.
The bar at Mimosa was the perfect environment to blend-in, eat some great food and not feel like a pariah.
Example This way you would not have to write logic for additional added layers.
I was having a craving for Mexican food.
I only solutions: is to write your own timepicker using numberpicker, etc.
The unique crust that's both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody, but our whole group liked it.
Edit 2 Here are (parts of) the relevant entities.
I recommend Walter's to anyone who's in the market for a mechanic.
Loved that the waitresses knew the regulars by name!
I'm pretty standard with the marinated chicken over rice, greens, and usually another veg.
They're not your average french fry; they have a little spice to them.
If you want good service & environment, you'd better stop here.
It's not clear just what your goal is here, but I'm guessing you might either want to be a class template with as a template parameter, or maybe you need to get rid of the inheritance altogether.
So when I deploy my web application on my Tomcat in Eclipse, it does not deploy the web_resources directory, and thus I don't get the CSS / JS / images deployed.
The chef came out to say hi at the end of the night......
We were hungry so we stayed and I'm glad.
My boyfriend had a bells two hearted.
It's bar fare, but very good.
isotope masonry responsive layout not arranging As you can see, the images are behaving rather weird, they do not arrange themselves until the browser width gets rather small.
You have to maintain a convention of prefixing everything you want associated with a type.
The breakfast Buffett in the lobby is expensive, but pretty good.
We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy.
I brought my partner to Upstream for his first visit.
I went in during the busy lunch hour and received very fast service and good food in a clean environment.
Here's the demonstration How can I fix it?
Check out Scott Gu's Blog .
The employees recognized my friends and knew their regular orders.
For simple functionality, new-to-show and delete-to-hide is okay and works like it's supposed to, but as they start to handle their own data, I can see a memory leak coming up.
The green beans are crisp tender, the chicken is finely ground, moist, and tender.\n\nOver all Mark Pi's China Gate is good Chinese food, served in a nice atmosphere, and a great value for your hard earned buck.
SELECT queries become get() or find() calls in some ORMs, query() calls in others.
.htaccess URL rewrite works, but address bar then shows 'dirty' URL User clicks link (from their email): Browser window opens and gets them to the correct page.
It was very affordable and enjoyable.
It looks like you are missing R headers.
cannot just append to an existing file.
What this page refers to as " GHC-Cygwin ": I don't know where to get one.
There are even the old phone booths ,and ask about the water line from when it was flooded long long ago!
How to select rows from Table X who share the least relationships with Table Y?
It was very informative and by far the best exhibit we saw that day.
Whine and ye shall receive.\n\nAfter perusing the menu, we decide to take out some chicken pad thai and another dish called \""three flavored chicken.\"" Both solid choices.
try: but from the looks of your dump.
Here is the thing running: Entire code: If anyone can help me with this I would be very grateful!
I had my doubts since I loved my dentist back home.
Then I added a image to the drop down, and toggling the the photos also, but the cookie doesn't seem to remember what state the toggle is in.
The added sauces you can dip or put on the burger are a huge bonus.
We waited just over one week and polished it off!
My handsome dinner partner had a medium creamy bleu cheese burger and home fries.
Python Turtle Positional Errors I've been trying to scale a Turtle drawing by a single axis and after some testing, I managed the following function: The output of these tests should just be four overlapping squares scaled on the y axis, but for some very strange reason Python is randomly changing my Y values before and after a movement by 1 unit, when they should be the same.
They are really nice people, never had a problem with the food or any one.
On a recent visit I had the duck which was tender enough to cut with a fork and extremely well flavored.
Also, dividing the number of bytes read by the total number written (i.e.
Then, to set minutes to 0, you don't call Time(), you call setMinutes(0).
\n\nThen we got stuck in rush hour/post blizzard traffic and had a 40 minute commute home.
You could easily put the lazy load logic within the viewmodel that holds your property.
I tried a few sandwiches and liked the Pittsburgh classic idea more than the actual food.
What little pieces of crispy, shrimp heaven.
But, Sushi Kim left me hanging.
Well, at least it pales in comparison to the USA's collection of mainstream theatres.
Let me count the reasons:\n\nMy stylist is Kara and woo-ee is she fab.
My current job involves manual analysis of large data sets (at several levels, each more refined and done by increasingly experienced analysts).
I need to redirect to the homepage within the .htaccess file.
All in all, a very good place to pregame or just to hang out and socialize.
Both times, we've been seated without much wait (no wait this past weekend...and who would expect no wait for 14...at a breakfast place...on Sunday), been served quickly, been given separate checks without a second word, and just had a totally painless experience.
Nothing to brag about, but it did the trick.
My challenge is to find a way that all the text of the DIV is shown .
If you're looking for a great salon with reasonable prices and friendly folks, MCN will be a perfect fit!\n\nPS.
A small is the equivalent of at least a medium (if not bigger) at a place like Starbucks.
in order to retain the animated rectangle during the frames 101 to 200, i removed the "mySetIdentity(RectMVMatrix);" in the above drawFrame().
But the experience I had was very pleasant and the prices were fair for the quality of food I was buying (dare I say, I thought prices should be higher).\n\nAs for the atmosphere, I don't think I've gone to a store in a long time that played classical music.
** This is C# Code ** Hope you can use the logic for PHP ** Step #1 – Create a products listing page, for each product add a CheckBox field.
This time the button was shown on the top of the layout i.e BEFORE the items added in for loop.
There aer 2 standup gambling syle video game machines (think space invaders but they are are called \""Magical Odds and the other one is not named but has is a memory game.\n\nThe place is very friendly.
The workers themselves, the ladies in the office, and every supervisor I encountered was very communicative, and did a very good job of answering my questions and keeping me informed as the job proceeded.
Make sure to specify the parameters with a Parameters object so that the parameters are treated in the correct order.
I've never had a problem with rotten or outdated goods while shopping.
You can get the fist grilled, blackened, or fried, I chose fried and it was cooked to perfection.
You called a method that basically calls another method of the same signature Instead, wherever you would call , you call , and pass in that anonymous class.
I gotta step my game up.
Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave.
Bonus: is the purpose of canvas to define a drawable area of a bitmap and translating the view coordinates to bitmap coordinates?
Excellent response on which cases are improved : And for your case, this article is about offest/limit performances :
Noticed there were quite a few people already there.
If asked to provide a filter between a date range, I would be explicit.
Went here on business trip for dinner.
Reference equality means that it is exactly the same object.
Breads were served with strawberry, apricot, and crunchy sugar butter.
There is always parking available, they recently upgraded all of their TV's to new flat screens, and the locals and staff are always welcoming.
To be honest, when I got my take out order, I was slightly taken aback by the anti-theft camera which took a still every 30 seconds.
I've been on the wellness plan for 2 years which includes 2 visits for all shots, sentinel through the year, 2 spa days and 2 boarding days.
The rooms were a nice surprise as it is fairly spacious.
Using your df as an example, Now we combine this with the pandas isin function.
\n\nI was told they have the best gnocchi in the country.
Aside from changing your entity name, your options are really limited to name-aliasing and/or fully-qualifying the two colliding names, as you are already doing.
What can be done to fix it?
\nService was mostly attentive, and very friendly throughout the evening.
BufferedWriter, then you could flush the buffer to make sure that all buffered content has been written before closing the buffer.
Best bar on Walnut.\nGo here anytime of day,\nThey will have your fix.\n\n(b)
If you don’t need to do anything with the relationship model, it may be simpler to set up a has_and_belongs_to_many relationship (though you’ll need to remember to create the joining table in the database).
I am not the cash and carry type of person.
We already have the drug, so we can just say: This runs through the file list and adds it if the drug appears therein.
Just for future users: Laravel 5 using form requests:
Any idea why this is happening?
even trying to Log it to the Console causes a EXC_BAD_ACCESS.
Why would you want to create a Collection but then specify that it should be empty?
The solution to your problem varies from the type of event model you need.
I haven't really written Unit tests against Win8 App.
Source will be see below : I example : jns_saldo is "Tabungan Wajib" Badge ID is 165520 Bulan is Januari So if the example data same with in the table, then give the message "Saldo already added.".
Qt is there somthing better then QMAKE_POST_LINK for post build actions?
Cheap prices so I'm not complaining.
I thought that it might be a browser issue but when I connected remotely to that PC from my laptop, the webpage displayed the graphs perfectly.
Is it possible to implement automatic error highlighting for Python?
The gnocchi was much more substantial though and just as tasty.
I highly recommend them, and will rely on them the next time I need a mechanical contractor.\n\nI hired them to run a gas line from an existing meter, up an exterior wall, across the attic, and down to a new gas hookup in the kitchen.
It's a little pricier than most places in the area but the quality and ambiance is well worth it.
The Korean BBQ buffet is on the second floor and only available on Friday and Saturday evenings starting at 5pm.
I'm trying to get the text labels to display whatever the newNumber is within the dataset.
When we go out to eat, it's not usually to find a new restaurant.
Here is a solution using instead of :
is there anyone that can help or point me in the right direction?
(Yes, I know that's a lot of food for two people.
Installing on top of my previous installation of ionic 1 appears to succeed (based on the output) but ionic1 remains as shown by ionic info.
But we need the joinedloads for speed.
2 can dine for 25 bucks and itss good.
This is my favorite Big Burrito restaurant and definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the country.
I don't mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area.
Hiding field in javascript Here's my code for gathering titles/posts from reddit's api: Basically every post (selftext) is assigned a different paragraph id (post0, post1, post2, etc) for every result that's pulled.
Look at the image below in which the exact item is selected that I typed.
I am trying to do something like that, but It does not work: where qry is the query to execute without the N char in front of every string.
I tried but that isn't quite right and probably obviously always returning .
When I run it in dev environment through app_dev.php all is fine, when I run it in prod through app.php I get an Internal Server error 500 (nothing written in symfony's prod.log).
Nurses at the front counter are a little spacey and slow but otherwise this urgent care is just wonderful.
Since the compiled code is substantially faster than the interpreter, the program executes with greater performance during the profiling phase.
That is probably not all that uncommon.
For object declaration: if the number of variables is so big that I don't want to list them in line 1, what can I do?
As a frequent flyer that often finds himself on US Airways - I am very familiar with Chalotte Douglas International Airport.
the quickest way (if the strings do not change much!): in the view - whereever you need it it also uses less resources than any other approach (therefor is the fastest).
Another favorite is the Asian salad.
The selection is so vast, it's overwhelming at times!
What amortized constant time means and how exponential growth achieves this is interesting.
Please let me know if you agree ?\n\n just made a stop here on my way to work this morning as my first Donut challange.\nThese guy's KNOW how to make a big man SMILE !
The Shitake mushrooms might actually have been the best that I have ever had as they seemed to melt in your mouth.
Windows media player can call my codec MFT automatically.
The spice and citrus were a perfect combination.
Also if there is no caption, then the BR tag should be omitted.
As a rule, you should use (or equivalent) for managing packages, which allows you to downgrade a package.
We had several hors d'oevres the lamb lollipops were awesome and a must have when you have an event here.
I use it here: hover over the about menu item: //This allows the user to hover over the menu without clicking on it
Btw.: This two posts have a similar problem but they hasn't been answered yet.
I've only ordered this with the EVOO sauce but I'm always adding extra spice to give it a kick.
The information in the SQL table is in Russian and has collation utf8_unicode_ci.
This DLL that i'm developing is loaded through reflection by another DLL called LoaderDLLs.
It absolutely stinks, but the prices and the foods you find here you won't be able to find anywhere else.
Other than that the hotel was very nice
\n\nIt took us 1 hour and 15 minutes to get out and we promptly rewarded ourselves with some fried oreos from the food tent outside the maze.
My only minor complaint would be I would have liked it a bit more juicy.But the taste was great .\n\nThe sesame chicken, not crazy for it (maybe it was the lettuce thrown in there) No, it was the sauce and actually pieces of chicken that turned me off.
The Saloon is one of the best sports bars in Pittsburgh.
I was dressed up quite nicely but most of my party were casually dressed and no one felt uncomfortable.
Lots of flavored coffees, though I'm not a huge fan flavored coffees.
It is assumed the Main could be written by anyone for a number of purposes, so killing the code in the class definition is not preferable.
I want to do this dynamically, to make it easier.
But make sure you pick the right one.
Illini quad shop for all the random home needs/snacks when you don't want to leave campus\n9.
One step into this place and all of a sudden, its like you've stepped into the 1950s.
However, for consistent read purposes, long-running queries may require this old undo information for producing older images of data blocks." and "When automatic undo management is enabled, there is always a current undo retention period, which is the minimum amount of time that Oracle Database attempts to retain old undo information before overwriting it."
First off, I will say that I just moved here from California and was a big patron at the Rockbottom in Long Beach.
This is my style : And I set it manually in the constructor of each progressDialog I create : Can I set the theme to be the default for all progress dialogs I create without changin it in the constructor each time ?
As part of framework, I have created a dummy application.
not being able to set the n° of specified threads desired I have this very simple openmp program that is not creating the four desired threads, #include #include When I run it the command line says the total it is 1.
As everyone said, wait in line to order, then get a table.
The mozzarella sticks are great also.
Went this this morning and I am wondering why the hell it tool me so long to go here.
and she had no bruising and no other issues.
You can kill using as mentioned, or you can kill the session from within the database: If you are using Windows then you can use the orakill utility.
Dress fancy and get ready for a dining experience at Carpe Diem.
OH YES PLEASE GIMME NAO I WANT IT I WANT IT SO BAD.\n\nFootnotes:\n\nDO NOT eat here if:\n- you are on a diet.
Below is an example TCP client that simply does nothing, i.e.
If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $29.99.
I'm already including this file in my webpack, however: Despite this, I get the following errors when trying to load my root component: Both from .
Lets say I have simple POJO (excluding bunch of other fieds, getters and setters): When a user send request to API in format , value of is set to , but value of is set to .
Yes under the hood data is messing up, I tried to download audio and image file together but ended up with corrupt files.
But otherwise, I would highly recommend Il Pizzaiolo.
And after adding several tests it gets really slow.
I started out with the special shrimp fried in wontons.
We used to eat at this restaurant a lot.
Their annual Oktoberfest is a must-attend!
Pls note, that the field's value will tell you the type of the url returned.
I would say the average age of the people dining was around 50-60+.
If you are from the north, don't mess with it start with something a little more bland.
I ended up writing my own algorithm to break the text only on whitespace.
I have always enjoyed going here for breakfast/brunch.
This is for Minecraft 1.7.10 The code runs the preInit method, everything goes fine.
I however decided to get the Double Cheeseburger.
I'd like to set the basic toggle functionality (comment a line if it's uncommented, uncomment if it's commented) to be c.
Using a one-phase process won't work for this.
The Pre-owned Sales staff treated me as though I were buying a new car.
I have used googlePlaces api to get nearby stores to given location coordinates.
I've always loved the bright colors of the gems and could stand there for hours in hushed awe of these beautiful stones.
It's also probably one of the more easy and humane ways to keep ties on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.\n\nOnce we were registered, we waited at most for 15 minutes.
i was struggling a while back with the same problem.
But when i execute second query with the same connection, it throws me error(java.sql.SQLException: Already closed).
But the fact that Players can properly cook a burger makes this discretion forgivable.\n\nSo go to this locals joint blue collar bar - have a beer, get the drink special and order a freaking burger!
cooked to perfection\n\ngreat service \n\nafter bad experience at McCormick & Schmick's ...
Great Jazz and they even let people stand in.
I would suggest writing a series of classes that all implement a similar interface so you can switch them out depending on the extension.
There are many nice \""extras\"" such as free beverages (water, etc) in the lobby and I was even offered an iPod to listen to music when I had a filling done.
I can't afford everything they recommended and I think they were going above and beyond with the recommendations otherwise, very good experience.
They have a shuttle service to and from the park if you don't want to drive/pay for parking if you don't have a pass.
Don't be deceived by the nondescript \""PAMELA'S RESTAURANT\"" sign in the sketchy font out front.
Because you are not running any server on your android app.
Me, the fine newcomer Elizabeth A.
To work around this you can return a 303 See Other status code which will be followed using a GET request.
\n\nOne last thing about the service, which is what earns Cafe Sam its 5th star -- we were running late to see a play after dinner, which was our own poor planning.
A good mechanic is worth their weight in gold and I will not only return to this garage but refer others as well.
She suspected they were canned but since they were tender it was okay.
As for how to add an item, that will depend on what client you're using.
We popped in for dinner after a day of moving - not knowing what to expect.
Not only did i find a mechanic i made a friend!
Specifically, how/why it sets the value of to 2 ( ) when I enter a password field.
Then the query like on picture should work fine.
I have some confusion: is their all bean instance is create in XML file when applicationcontext create.
there is only one reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars, but i'll get to that in a minute.\nthe first i had heard of d's was their six pack shop.
Lots of locals here but we felt very welcome.
means "cast to a function pointer that produces void, i.e.
Having said that the more I read about singletons the more I notice people saying there are few situations where a better solution is not possible.
I need to get key inside contents object.Point me where i went wrong.
Can anyone tell me how I can do this?
The official website says that OpenGL ES 2.x is defined relative to OpenGL 2.0.
This store is STUFFED full of all kinds of things that you will suddenly absolutely need and it's reasonably priced.
Someone mentioned the only way is through run --env when you start the container, but how do my Java program gets it?
I really enjoy going to Bado's.
(Unless this behaviour is an oversight.) In summary, I can see no clear rationale in Django for the object to be immutable for non- requests.
A great place for Valentine's day or a special anniversary splurge, with the emphasis on the word 'splurge'.
Use the to assign the data.
The hours are quite limited, but I like the French neighborhood cafe vibe.
\n\nPortions were small, but I like that because then you can order more things to taste!
Edit: The compare is between standard partition() using ForkJoin and mypartition using ForkJoin , so it doesn't relate with overheads of threading.
In Android 4.4 or 5.0, There is no event received, So what's the matter about it, how could I make BLE pairing success on Android 5.1 or 6.0.
This service is as good as any diner in Chicago.
The food is pretty good too!
The validator will then use it if necessary.
My Spring config is as follows: I deployed the application on JBoss.
I had to manualy write the correct id and name of each input element, and I copied the generated token of the login.twig inside the form.
We had the cheesy potatoes, very rich, and the fried asparagus, really good.
We ordered burgers and cheese curds.
I drop off laundry for my business and they do a great job.
The popcorn at this theater is also better!
Report Pending Payments with mixed Monthly & Weekly intervals We are working with a database that tracks payment plans for patients.
Meaning a Slick Table won't work by itself.
In my problem always three rows represent one sample, in my case coordinates.
Your issue seems to be caused by the line break (which insert a space in the rendered html document).
Most placed will have bulges and puckers.
If the CLT Parking Attendant sees you waiting, they will always come over and make sure the short bus you need is on the way!
Is screen.width and screen.height don't retrieve screen-resolution on all browsers, or they have browser dependencies.
Intel's most recent AVX Programming Reference has the complete details; you may also want to look at Intel's blog post announcing some of the details.
You could put a helper method in the view's codebehind, and then do something like:
Adding some more to the latest reply..
It sounds like you're working with several unfamiliar tools.
This review is mostly of the water park...\n\nWe were there yesterday nice and early!!
But when built in prod mode, and deployed to WildFly, en.json is not found and translation is not loaded.
I love the fried rice here...The staff is nice and they have a lot of seating to accommodate a large group.
it was the correct shoe and 2.
We only live a mile or two away and we try to keep Blue in our rotation and get there every few months.
In Aix, internal bitset storage is char based: In Linux, internal storage is long based: For compatibility reasons, we modified Linux version with char based storage Check which implementation are you using inside bitset.h
An ORM deals with the nitty-gritty of writing SQL code and so forth.
A sample entry (say number 0) looks as follows: Now I want to add an additional array to this object.
It costs O(n log n) time.
How can I properly use two select statements to break the list up into the order that I want?
This is not just at this Vietnamese place it is pretty much the norm for the other Vietnamese places around the PGH area.
Pretty straightforward: There are plenty of other ways you can represent this, but this should match the string you described.
It's always warm, and hits the spot!
I am back, and incredibly happy to be back!
Use it if you need to work with many tables and complicated queries.
Being a college grad paying my student loans, I unfortunately don't have enough money to get front row seats.
edit : adding the code example (with your variable 'myDate') yield on the (my) console (with my local timezone).
expected return: i've checked Query Modifiers but they are sorting/limiting the documents, not fields in the documents.
It sounds like you want to use something like VVDocumenter .
I loved the atmosphere (very classy) and the martinis (very unique and tasty).
I highly recommend the Veal Juliana, there's nothing else in the world like it.
Brunch is also an excellent time to try some of their various desserts such as fruit cobblers, Napoleons, Bienenstich Kuchen (Honey cake with cream in the middle and honeyed almonds on top), Black Forest Cake, Apfelstrudel, Eclairs, and many others.
Oh and I'm a sucker for flash, so of course I love that spinning barrel they have up front with the blow torch roasting peppers.
It isn't a server side issue, every smartphone can apply a different orientation to the camera images.
@media queries - why does css rule overrule another?
Been coming to this place in mornings and on lunch breaks almost going on three years now and was quite happy to know that this location was not selected for closing, unlike the ones Park Road and East Boulevard.
Three of the Arrow combinators, for example, are: Now look at the lowercase letter (type variable) very closely in: Clearly we're taking two machines which turn s into s and "merging them together" into one machine which takes a in and expels an .
Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area, only this store and the Cranberry store sell glasses.
You can even send your shoes to be repaired via mail!
This is one of those revamped locations.
If there were, would give information on what was wrong with your makefile and the linenumber in the makefile where it happened.
You have not specified how much rows should be added to the textarea but I hope this answers your question.
How do I format the URL into a request is it like so?
This information can be public to this is not a problem that this is sent as plaintext.
This a great place for a quick lunch in uptown Charlotte.
I have a class that implements , but doesn't implement .
I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
However, I do not know how wide the window will be and so I would like the text container to expand to fill the available space.
How to check a folder exists in DropBox using DropNet I'm programming an app that interact with dropbox by use DropNet API.
I Love this place the food is Amazing and so is the Service!!!
You can try to use a clone from the GitHub repository, or wait for version 4.0.5 which will include this fix.
I played beer snob and offered that it's the world's oldest brewery at which point the server gave me the look of acknowledgment that he knew I KNOW about beer.
matlab say, a{:,:}(x,y,z) is bad cell referencing.........
This means that when you try and do...
EDIT: I've also tried memcached, with the same result.
They have a great selection of polishes and the women do a great job.
Appreciate any pointers you can offer!
Simple code: I provide class definitions.
I am giving it four stars for that reason alone.
Walking through here as well makes you think that you are walking through someones personal pintrest page in real life.\n\nThe book selection upstairs is a lot of self help, guidance type of reads.
For some real fun/confusion with : (The confusion is only if one is confused about arrays, pointers, and operators.)
This is a pretty great spot to spent a rainy afternoon if you've got the time!
Is there any option for that in the Google account settings on the web?
It's an activity with support for fragments, it was introduced to make older android builds backward compatible with fragments -- if you're targeting newer API's only you can ignore it.
What's this to my immediate left?
I get so sick of people complaining about that damn parking lot when all you have to do is park by Walgreens and walk.
He wasn't impressed with the sausage or Ham in his lumberjack meal.
Not that I've ever tried mind-blowing pho (I've only eaten it in Pennsylvania, which is probably the problem) but this was even worse than most.\n\nHowever, I've since been back and ordered the bun.
Whose functionalities include:- Writing the daily diary and saving it which must be searchable via data/keywords(Basic function) Contacts with basic information about the person.
Prestogeorge also serves beverages and some food items but I have never tried anything prepared there.
If synchronous then can we create asynchronous.
close out my tab, paid with a credit card but was going to leave a cash tip.
The last two SELECTS (the small ones) are returning 13 items.
Try this: If this doesn't work for you, it means PHP is not able to locate the local image Possibly because it doesn't exist here: (i.e.
They have interactive displays, like a sharecropper's shack, a Belk's Dept.
That's uh, not a closure I think.
Try it out and go hungry!
I don't think we'll be able to get UID but perhaps we can figure out the number.
But the staff is very friendly and the mood very relaxed.
My while loop in the View Controller.
A great mall because it's really never packed.
Your syntax is wrong, and doesn't produce anything except an error message as you've written it here.
After a very long time trying all sorts of things, I found an excellent module which addresses exactly this problem.
\n\nWe walked in the front door, and entered another world.
You could use DLookup for this - much simpler: However, most likely your ID is numeric, thus:
I think it is because as I am calling a method that is inside a class it is expecting it to be called from an instance of this class, but as I am not very experienced, I really don't know how to sort it out (either if it is the problem or not).
The crust was crunchy, the garlic and herbs in the oil sauce were tasty and the cheese was decent as well.
\nFor any Chicagoan's who may read this, it is similar to a Petco, but priced like a PetsMart.
For example: To declare a constant variable, To declare a constant method parameter.
The heat was nicely complimented by the creamy cheese and crisp crust.
I mean literally breaking a sweat!
The prices are very reasonable, considering the quality of most of the baked goods.
Blogger API v.3 - can't transfer the data to the post (javascript) New post created with out data - Problem on object body_data?
Upload a video to the authenticated user's channel.
But they both speak in very different ways, so they need to override the function to provide their own unique implementation.
Scrambled eggs were made of real eggs and the hashbrowns (American fries) had a buttery taste we loved.
Merge the two arrays together and create an array of size 2N .
Went to see Captain America (AWESOME!) and needed a place to eat before the show.
Had a pretty good cheese plate.
The reason for this I read is that it comes out blurry because the width and height of canvas set using css is different.
\nGreat prices, great service, and great atmosphere.
I slather on the tartar sauce because I'm that kind of gal.
I tried different timesteps, for the video I used 0.02, lowering it just made it oscillate slower.
Although it's a steak house, don't be afraid to stray and order other items, you won't be disappointed.
The park was pleasant to walk next to while heading over, but I was glad to have someone with me who had been there before.\n\nWhile ordering, the staff was polite and friendly, noting our convention badges and asking where we were from.
\n\nI am pretty pleased with their progress.
We are planning to move to Madison from Virginia, and I needed a place to stay.
Great customer service and an awesome selection!
I loved the home-y feel of this place.
Many thanks in advance for your help.
I've checked Task Manager and that shows my RAM as having a lot of free space (almost 6K MBs available and over 1k Mbs "free").
If there's a better match that would give me the first element I would settle for that too.
Couldn't have been happier with the quick, honest, convenient service.
Maybe being busy and task-oriented (not taking time to chit-chat) is mistaken for unfriendliness...I duno, I just call it efficient!
I ordered room service - it arrived promptly and the food was great.
Also like that there is guide to speak with at every directory I've looked at to see the location of the food.
It compares well with top quality restaurants all over the world.
However, at the risk of sounding like a complete country bumpkin, the rest of the dish was a complete and disappointing disaster that utterly failed the perfect scallops.
I tried the French onion soup, something I am a snob about, and it was excellent.
Came here for lunch on Saturday.
In order to plot the "value" as function of time you can set the granularity to 'Auto' and use this string: You can also set the granularity to the minimum possible and add to the above string in order to fill null values, in that case you can replace with or , it will produce the same plot ( won't work here).
Been in SP for a year now and only just discovered this place on my way home tonight.
As to me, I am a fan of python and java ;) Thanks a lot for your help!!!
They have some really inspired creations, and it was hard for me to pick between two.
Backbone: special encoding during save Note: I know this is wrong , but this is a technical requirement by the server team.
The most obvious was the increase in prices.
I can't remember a time I've gone to Penn Mac without buying something that I had no intention of going home with.
Bridges is within the ability of most golfers and yet is challenging enought for, say, a college team (that I recently watched).
My boyfriend and I went for dinner last night.
A million times yes.\n\nI'll be sure to pay Mama Ros a second visit if I'm ever in Bloomsfield again.
How can I achieve it ?
You have to order fast because the place is always full!
I really like their house noodle (kind of a mix between Pud Thai and Pud See Ew).
When the user selects a button on the board, the AI will detect if there is a possible three combo.
What should file references look like in HTML and SCSS files?
is there any standard way of doing FAQ?
Yes, you should be able to use Shims with mocking frameworks.
My stylist (Abbey) definitely knows how to do my hair exactly in the manner that I want.
For example: I want end result like: I know we have function in PHP, which can be run in loop, but I have very huge data and I want to avoid looping here.
Demo: For more info, see .
What is the purpose of the second tag, ?
We want to create an Intent, that displays the social installed apps in the device in order to choose one of them and post the picture.
This site is updated quarterly by the local radio stations and multiple businesses participate with their local deals, so keep an eye on it.
And my questions is how can we apply that css stylize on browser itself, by hiding the address bar and the browser icon on the left up corner, and make it graggable only within the page.
I thoroughly enjoyed 2 of the 3 pastas and particularly liked the meat raviolis.
I was in town for a wedding this past weekend.
You are settiing it properly ,The problem is as the cell is reloaded it goes to default setting.Remove that line and the code will work fine.If you want to reload at htat time for some other purpose ,Manage the switch state by keeping it state saved in some variable and use it to set in the
Also their fried dumplings(4 in an order) were quite big and delicious with more filling then dough ratio which I enjoy .\nOne in particular dish I had was really tasty IMO.
What's the actual difference between those two and why it happens?
My mom loved her sea bass as well.
I'm from NJ and was told by some friends that I need to have East Carolina BBQ.
Here's the Javascript we wrote: Don't forget at the end to setup the timeout again too (or use setInterval?), in case the user takes a really long time to fill in the form.
NestedVM and Cibyl both works by compiling MIPS binaries and then translating the binary into Java bytecode.
Today I finally caught the exception which is preventing me from connecting to the server.
I would like to print out the intensity (grayscale) value.
If you want to add text to a document that has already been loaded, then you can use the appropriate jQuery methods to modify existing elements or add new ones.
I bought the jumbo container of their taco seasoning so I can imitate at home.
I think there were only 4, but they were huge and also swimming in another delicious sauce.
Okay I see where you have gone wrong.
He offered to bring a 6 foot table in to our room with table cloths for FREE.
Specifically, a library must be mentioned after object files that use symbols from it.
Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple!
For more advanced ussages you might want to check out jquery at which goes together great with asp.net MVC.
Everything I've seen thus far, I like!\n\nOh, and the restrooms have a bathroom attendant.
I have URL rewriting in my asp.net web solution how can I set startup url for non existent URL in VS2010?
And THAT is why I take these classes!
The catch is that when you them, you need to either already be in that directory before running the initial command, because only looks in the current directory -- that's why they aren't found, not because you put them in the "wrong" place, if that's what you're thinking may be the problem.
The biggest advantage of the place is its location and the atmosphere.
I had the traditional French toast...so yummy!
There was just enough seasoning, but not too much to over power.
I have a modular application that uses OSGi for lifecycle and dependency management.
Quite different behavior with browser (my version is ).
The column contains a value like "ABC011" and I need to bring in just the letters "ABC".
Without the LEFT OUTER JOIN portion, the below LINQ statement is partially complete, but I cannot figure out the appropriate syntax to add the LEFT OUTER JOIN condition: Edit: Thanks for the response Bob.
The third is not really used, it comes into play on parallelising the processing, when partial results must be combined.
How do I coerce it to be?
My best bet is that SO is Service Object and RO is Resource Object .
This is how it should be done !!!\nAlso , The Prices are very reasonable.
How it should work for example with pdf: How it should work with word: the same but MyFavoriteType = new WordType();`
Yes, but you are getting exactly what you pay for..
Service is always good, but if you really want to have a good time, sit in the bar area!
I used a variation of Shawn's solution..
I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!
) isn't telling you anything useful.
Returns multiple statements and looking at the log output each is being done in a unit of work, why and how can i prevent these?
\n\nOur waitress was on top of things which was nice, but then again, how could you not be on a slow night without many tables right?
The ring belonged to my fiance's great grandmother and has a delicate setting and band.
No five stars yet, because I've still as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it!
There is no option for type or length.
Smoky Jon's sits in a small little log-cabin-style shack, and when you walk in you are witness to the plethora of awards they have received from their delicious BBQ fixins.
They lost a star with me because of the crowded feeling I got\"" there were maybe 5 customers other then my boyfriend and I in the store.
\n\nI learned a lot and got a whole new perspective on the area.
For your example, change code from PageStack.qml: to And I also want to know how to do it easier.
Is your page rendered inside of a frame?
I followed the steps and created self signed certificate on server (linux) using keytool.
Those scones are delicious.\n\nI recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.
But same as in 2: you can't handle server response simultaneously.
One way of getting rid of the newline characters is (Note that you don't need -- you can directly iterate over the file object itself.)
Calamari, Lobster, Crab, and yes, fries.
To like Bucks you must like Racine style pizza(thiiiiinnnnn crust and cheap).
\n\nThey only accept cash, if you have none there is a convenient ATM near the singles/kiddie bar.
I always walk out with new varieties and grab tons of nuts and sauces and oils on my way to the register.\n\nWe also had our engagement pictures taken here (does that show my level of obsession?).
In my case the first group of MovieClips added would have a .name instance called 'Square 1' and then 'Square 2' on the second mouse click and so on.
She actually ended up winning seven-hundred dollars, so the night unfolded into a pretty grand party.
You can evaluate in the outer loop.
See the documentation : dataType : ...
Tracking a touch anywhere else but the menu is a bit trickier, you could: Add a once off event handler to the rest of the document whenever you open the menu Put an overlay between the menu and your content and catch events on that So for option 1, assuming you have something like this: You could do this:
One can do it exactly like in iOS: where the file contains an entry This works, if is target of the iOS app, and the watch extension.
The walls are cracking, the only two florescent lights on the ceiling are flickering, there are display coolers that are turned off, and there are only vending machines to get drinks.
The fish is huge, and you will feel like a fat kid if you finish it.
Cool, casual service and the home of probably the best cornbread I have ever had in my LIFE.
From the menu online I was a little disappointed to not see Sushi Lunch Options, like a few others in Uptown offer.
Make sure to run the server before you run the client This example only reads from files.
In the DrScheme IDE this can be found under the "Scheme -> Create Executable..." menu item.
Edit If you just want to set BackColor = Color.Transparent.
But then you restore it a second time, which replaces the updated list with the original list.
You are using latest one so it get like this.
They have a great selection of food in the food court between the B & C concourses.
I have found many a birthday and Christmas presents here, as well as plenty of knick-knacks for myself.
This is one of the, not the best kept secrets, in Shadyside.
If you're a seasoned traveler, I recommend checkpoint A.
I've only been here for a Carolina - Dook basketball game, so I can't comment on the concert scene.
Event validation is enabled using in configuration or &lt;%@ Page EnableEventValidation="true" %> in a page.
You should register your controller as the open panel's delegate and then implement the delegate method.
force-skip the Stripe connect account application form The Stripe getting started guide suggests that you can force-skip the bank information form when testing your oAuth flow in development.
But I have not tried this method before.
The reference is typed to , so should the returned List.
If you want the file and line numbers, you do not need to parse the StackTrace string.
On the sending side: The compression output (gz) is given as an input for encryption which outputs a text file.
Edit there is a very clear description given below by Crippledsmurf, and it is obviously possible to access Code Analysis from vs express.
They offered me rides to and from my home and found ways to discount and save parts like the strut strike plate and charge less for labor.
The food gets better tasting as the hours get late on a night out.
But, if you want an acess token to access some public information, like an a feed from a public group, or a page.
And your HttpPost action method to handle the form submit.
Gourmet soul food at its best!
Therefore I created two additional models called OrderFlow and Transition where there order_flow has many transitions and order belongs_to order_flow.
Here's the test HTML page for reference: It appears to me that the password field, is intentionally rejecting focus for some reason, whereby clicking the field directly causes the gtk-im method focus-out to be called.
The waiter gave us menus, described the daily specials and gave us time to mull it over.
's first two parameters are the two parameters that should be passed to , and the return value of is the return value of .
The sweet crepes are my favorite, but I'm just a sucker for anything that involves fruit and nutella.
What a deal!\n\nParking is tough at lunch time, but luckily they have a few reserved spots for the store customers.
Furthermore, testing the JSON at JSONLint shows me that the JSON parses correctly, including the array with "61515", which is the new element in the code.
Yummmyyy.\n\nI will write an update to this review...after I go to it again hopefully next month...But if it is as good as I remember, you won't be sorry going here.
Also, he is located in Suite 501, not 518.
The logic you would want to implement is a approach, much as I outlined in the other answer.
is to allow for the null-terminator - .
Most people are made up of 70% water, yours is sparking, like San Pellingrino.
Take a look at these The geoxml3 project is an effort to develop a KML processor for use with Version 3 of the Google Maps JavaScript API, it now allows access to individual markers, polylines and polygons, rendered from KML.
My problem was I was passing along the same old listAccts to the array list, without saying "new".
This sandwich could have been so much better with a bun of higher quality.
so switching this: to this: fixed this issue...
Notice that if you don't rebase (and run any tests on the rebased version) you have no way to be sure that a bug found after it lands was actually in the code as developed, and not caused by the impact of merging it after development, so in this case you might want to keep the branch for a while.
1) For most delegate callback methods, if you provide a parameter-accepting callback the parameter will be the "sender", i.e.
\n\nBar is homely, but at least it doesn't have a disease festering feel like certain other campus bars.
Unescaped quotes inside quotes This Should be Or
If you've got that talent to create something out of the unexpected, then you HAVE to stop here.\n\nI was looking for something unusual to use in my apartment for storage.
The salon definitely has a hip, young vibe, without making my (somewhat) unhip self feel awkward.
You must use a workaround such as making a mutable object and mutating it (instead of assigning to it) in .
My buddy Bob and I were in town for a convention this week.
Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?' She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!
Teriyaki chicken dish is well done.
Java (at least JavaEE 6) has an Expression Language built-in.
You can iterate over the returned drives from your WMI query and add the deviceid and "Disk GB" results to a string value.
What the heck is some of the best Chinese cuisine anywhere doing in Champaign?
When I type an address into the input box, the list of autocomplete results get hidden behind the resizer.
Other than that it was one of the best I've tasted!
Be sure to use enough to match the longest name in your file set.
I am using the following code: cellForRowAtIndexPath: didSelectRowAtIndexPath: Thanks in advance.
you can use the overloaded method of toArray() ..
It also depends on your version of MySQL.
We ordered an appetizer of Mussels Diavolo which had a huge amount of decent mussels in a spicier tomato sauce.
And, even though you order and pick your food up at a counter, the service was great.
These guys have great chimichangas and margaritas!
edit: It could also be border-top or bottom (same color as your background, if it isn't a gradient or image but a unique color)
I waited six days to post this, one for each Super Bowl the Steelers have won.
The parameters are passed in correctly to the ValidateForm function but the function always returns true.
When i am using annotation, this is working But when i use struts.xml, removing annotations, i am getting this error There is no Action mapped for namespace [/] and action name [] associated with context path [/quizcreator].
Old packer is now chiefs tavern.
Make sure the file is IN the project tree.
The restrooms are always clean and looked after.
How does a login system fit into the grand scheme of things?
My main worry is that as I understand it, std::map uses that one function in this way: if( keyCompare(a,b) ) { //left side } else if (keyCompare(b,a)) { //right side } else { //equal } So i can't just use a.x &lt; b.x, because then anything with the same x would be considered equal, which is not what i want.
GARY, ANDY & NICK are the greatest!\n\nHad a girls weekend night out and they got us everywhere we needed to go in a timely fashion!
Best wrap I have ever had!!
Their General Tso's chicken is amazing.
Using VBA To Delete Thousands of Checkboxes Somehow 10s of thousands of checkboxes were created in some spreadsheets that we have.
Didn't even know this was a DDD place.
It's something I'd be interested in myself.
How do I write an MDX statement to do something differently if the current shown period is incomplete?
Let me start with introducing formula for linear regression: Let have a look at data representations for color: Let's predict price for 1-st and 2-nd item using formula for both data representations: One-hot encoding: In this case different thetas for different colors will exist.
If you are using a BroadcastReceiver to receive incoming calls, you have to use inside your 'onReceive()' method.
The receptionist is new so it sounds like the owners are actually listening to the complaints regarding the previous staff in this area.\n\nMy appt with Lacey was great.
\n\nI am thrilled for the expansion in the fall!
Continental always had consistent friendly service and majority of on-time arrivals.
You won't have as much control over that is displayed (scrollbars, toolbar, etc), but it works even if javascript is disabled and is 508 compliant: You can read more about the various target attributes here:
We eat with our eyes, nose, taste and tactile feel so while this tasted good it didn't do so well on the other requirements.\n\nThe mushroom and spinach dumplings were actually very blah, relying on the red pepper dipping sauce for their flavor.
They sale shoes, accessories, skirts, dresses, shorts, hats, bags, graphic t-shirts and so on.
It's the same as if you wrote: Function returns reference to object after doing some other operations on it.
BTW, I have a left-to-right traversal function in mind: Or there is a general way to serialize it into mixed nested structure?
IIt is more expensive than your average Harris Teeter, but that is totally because of the great quality of the food.
On top of that she is actually happy to be working here and her positive attitude carriers over into her customer's experience.
\nTons of picnic tables and lake scenery.
There is no initialization of >everything&lt; in your code, thus resulting in a NullPointerException.
Never have I had a bad sandwich here.
Now I want to localize complete pages (not just strings).
A PE can contain native (non managed) code as well.
how could you resist?\n- you love breakfast foods.
However, I found out that the template used for the site is a helpdesk.wsp template.
implicit parameters and generic types i'm trying to understand the behavior of the compiler in this situation the code above does not compile and gives the following error: ambiguous implicit values: both method $conforms in object Predef of type [A]⇒ &lt;:&lt;[A,A] and value bar in object ImplicitTest of type ⇒ String ⇒ Int match expected type String ⇒ T as the error says my implicit value is conflicting with another implicit defined in Predef...
I have 2 projects in my solution Web UI Web API I am using Web API project for authentication (ASsp.Net Identity Framework).
The intention of the feature is for something like a field, which the user cannot assign directly.
I am only giving them a 5 because of the service I received.
We started off with wonton soup and spring rolls.
I'd like to add these frameworks as private framewords inside my app bundle for easy deployment.
What is it that you want to style, the list item or the anchor.
And oh, yeah - they don't take card so make sure that you have cash with you.
HERE i wanted to increment the my counter but it is not working propperly always counter show me null...., please tell me where m wrong.???
It's a crap ton of food!
show item number total only in the minicart I want to show item number total only in the minicart that is in the header.(OpenCart v1.5.6.4) I get this currently (according to OpenCart functionality) But what I'm hoping to get is Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Compojure/Clojure error with routes I am making a web-app using Clojure/ring/compojure and am having trouble with the routing.
It works exactly as I Ted when ran at the same time on my laptop, using the ip address as 127.0.0.1 However, when I put one program on another machine, and changed the ip addresses to the specific machines, it won't work at all.
And Tim bakes the best biscuits in town!
It isn't bend over backwards service, but they are real people and sometimes that's better.
Jim Blinn had a great column that's available as a book called Jim Blinn's Corner: A Trip Down the Graphics Pipeline .
Moreover, there are also some things w.r.t the selenium profile that I 'm maintaining.
I don't need to broadcast messages to all users, I need to send a push notification to a single device, given that I have the push token.
The food court is awesome and they had some one playing the piano.
our favorite restaurant in Charlotte for a sit down experience\n\nThe only way you could complain is if you go there expecting authentic Italian\nI argue this is better.\n\nGoat cheese mascapone is to die for\n\nVodka penne is amazing \nPortion sizes will make you take home a box.
The first time I laid eyes on this joint, it was a few weeks ago after skipping dinner and going to Bo Burnham.
Yep, the carpet here is ugly, but at least it is new.
You can dump waveform using $dumpvars command to debug.
I've been here quite a few times during the weekends ..
One of my Favorite Resturants in Charlotte try the What it is you won't be disapointed !!
I can imagine all the food there would be of the 'hot and brown' category, in a positive way.
A NY Strip, medium rare and half a 3lb lobster.
The sides are frozen and then dropped in the fryer.
Seriously, this place is pretty darn magical.\n\nThe selection here is pretty amazing.
You should put in a script named dostuff.scpt and place it in your Desktop.
please help me out I am waiting for you kind response.
The problem is that your data coming asynchronously but you try save them synchronously.
This requires finding the center of the object, the major and minor axis, and the rotation angle.
This was my first gumbo experience so I'm not really sure what to think in terms of taste but I have heard from a friend who lives in NO that it's not supposed to taste like chili.
Now when I try to communicate using SSL it fails everytime.
I've not found a way to add metadata to the services where I don't have to manually build all of the metadata elements myself.
There are even gluten free hamburger AND brat buns.
I think that makes sense logically, but I'm hesitant to implement this without being sure that this is the way to go.
I still frequently buy their stuff online through their website....Thank God for the internet.\n\nFavorite items include: Calabrese Olives, House Italian Olive Oil, Istara Cheese, Mortadella w/Pistaccio, Ciabatta Bread
Is there any way to configure Ant (run arguments, etc.) to run as administrator from inside Eclipse?
It's one question but it's a big one for me.
What might cause IDirectDraw::GetCaps returns DDERR_INVALIDPARAMS?
The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location, so I have no problem with the chef at all.\n\nService was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful.
How to edit order without create a new order in magento 1.7 Is there any way to edit an order in Magento without creating a new order from Magento admin?
If you've had a bit to much too drink, don't stare at the carpeting while making your way to the loo.
:D After they obliged, I decided to also order the vegetarian Tom Kha, a Thai coconut cream soup with galangal and lemon grass, lemon leaf, tomato and straw mushroom.
I've double-checked that all column names are correct.
I could have sold the pizza four times before I made it back to the fifth floor!
Employees will remember you, which is always nice.
The crisp, fresh pickle and tomato.
So do not come here expecting great service, but all in all the most authentic chinese restaurant in Champaign!!
My favorite part is the Hall of Architecture, filled with many incredible casts of facades and sculptures.
The grits were so yummy and rich.
When refreshing then whole page, then the last one pops up I very appriciate the advice on this long topic..
First a warning, the parking lot will most likely be full, because it's not just for Soba.
I know that I "should" do template specialization for such things, but there is some shared code in the real functions that make the if statements on template arguments really handy.
I have to say, as far \""new age bookstores\"" go, this one is the most impressive shop I have had the privilege to visit thus far.
Within one PartitionKey, you can only have unique RowKeys.
argument getting truncated while printing in unix after merging files I am trying to combine two tab seperated text files but one of the fields is being truncated by awk when I use the command (pls suggest something other than awk if it is easier to do so) The format of the test_v1 is but I only print 10203853138 for $4 truncating the other digits.
here, you are calling run() method and start both...
Redis runs as a separate process, so you will have to pay this price for inter-process communication even when it is located on the same machine.
If you are looking at car parking spaces then you would want to split the image up into sectors(car park spaces) and do the background subtraction per sector.
I understand (and enjoy!) the concept of \""open kitchen\"" dining, but I think that should be reserved for different types of restaurants.
For example if URL = , the operation or the path and operation would map to a plugin.
Stayed here while in town visiting family.
Well this is a tough one.
Today, by pooling objects you might in contrary slow down your system.
I think our total bill was like $10.
Note that Apple's has the stylised swift in its logo heading downwards; the parallel scripting language Swift is heading upwards :) To try Apple's Swift in a similar way, you'll need the Xcode 6 beta and a "playground" file.
I thought I was good on trivia, but Moose came up with stumpers I couldn't even find on my phone on Google - but others got them.
I've tried using both: to return a class, so I can create it at runtime, but both functions return nil for some classes, for example "TestClass".
Overall, everything else was pretty good, especially the appetizers and small plates!
My idea is to create a separate Applicability table.
A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting.
Assembly procedure calling from C (Intel 8086) Possible Duplicate: I need to prepare a procedure in Assembly for Intel 8086 able to be called from a C (pass a string and return an integer value (16bit)).
Try the following command: Usage: Note some tricks: will present you a list of all buffers (buffer numbers) that vim currently has.
I would like to make the following code thread-safe.
I adapted this example by using rather than and it worked for the Cymbol example but when I adapt it to my own listener I get a null pointer exception whether I use or I'm looking at and it seems promising but I think what I really need is an explanation of how the hidden channel data is stored and how to access it.
It maybe a bit pricey, but very worth it, if you are a fan of amazing service and work!
ASP.NET pages never stop loading We have a problem with many of our website written C# ASP.NET.
When the message is received, it is currently populating a text box named .
If you rellay don't want to use the lenght....
Write this lines of code in oncreate()
\n\nAlso this place is nonprofit and they have an amazing fundraiser every year in September called the Big Pour.
Sue and Kee are absolutely amazing, they are very skilled and also friendly!
and the french press coffee is out of this world..
\nMy favorite is the beef and mixed vegetables.
I did not while I was here, but it does give you something interesting to look at and start a conversation about during your meal.
They're all sincere, empathetic, thorough, understanding, engaging, respectful, and love to share their knowledge.
Presuming you used simple_form's wiki to integrate with twitter/bootstrap then please verify: lib/simple_form/contained_input_component.rb is being loaded and is implemented as-is config/initializers/simple_form.rb is calling the above library there is only one simple_form.rb in config/initializers and config/production If all of the above is in order, please update the question with your view code.
They now stick it in pizza box and you can't see what your getting.
She had a Guiness, I had another Festivus, we chatted about this and that.
The names are all spelled correctly too.
This is the code on button click.
This place isn't much to look at, but when the I'm talking about a restaurant ambiance falls second to good food.
you never call extractRow and displayBoard methods.
Wrapping the in will delay the call to focus until the DOM is done rendering.
They have a free machine that can make different kinds of coffee, hot tea and even hot chocolate.
Turns out the old, burned down looking church at the end of Tryon and 11th is actually a great museum for Visual Art - who knew!
Using Intents/Activities, how can I programatically deeplink / launch the Amazon Shopping app to the landing page of a particular product in Android?
I got the barbecue burger with mild sauce.
You know that fun 3 step dance.
Where do webpack assets go in an Angular 2 CLI project Where should I place general, cross-component , , , , etc.
Let's say there are two users named 'user1' and 'user2' and they have their own password files 'password1' and 'password2', respectively.
How I can access to a returned data of a function with use the reflect package?
The basic decore, and the down to earth service - the perfect spot to watch regulars enjoy the hearty breakfast.
The APP_2 has a GUI and the job I'm waiting for (uninstall) is demanded to the final user of the running APP_2.
When angular is creating your controller, it will use the keyword on the function you passed in.
This is my script: The script fails at the in or, if I comment that line out, then at the .
I have a window in my WPF project, and have a button, with what I want To print With printer that page.
Furthermore I've tried to customize the template of the title and the header item.
Thinking about how well those Hamm's hit the spot makes me want one right now.\n\nThe Brass Rail has an internet juke box to kill the otherwise oppressive silence, and is a total ripoff if you put less than $5 in, but has an impressive selection.
After executing your code with the modification We can then obtain your desired result as follows.
This could conceivably be fixed in the import machinery by performing the binding before performing the exec.
I'd advise to stick with single a pattern.
If you are there for a week, book for 3.
As you have written your header file, no.
I have also discovered that Wikidata sometimes provides a image property on some items, however I can't seem to get the URL location of the image using the Wikidata API.
AND I could actually eat the broccoli as it was cooked to perfection which is a big plus.
We grabbed Fujo's last week to eat in our hotel room and I'm giving these guys props for some pretty decent Sushi at very reasonable prices!
Use the XmlConfiguratior to configure the repository.
I am working with android SIP for VoIP.
The rice is just right not mushy not hard.
The last line will throw a Type Mismatch error because there is no second dimension.
The best way to do this using asp.net controls is to do a dynamic load of the controls.
This restaurant is no longer called Don Pedro's.
The home fries were so good but they contain bacon in case your a vegetarian and don't expect it.
It should be abstract to decouple consumer code from depending upon a specific implementation and, last but not least, be completely testable with fakes.
because if i know the system password, then i could simply connect sql via the application and insert wrong data.
The new location is nice, but I miss the coziness of the old place.
Speedy, friendly service, rarely messes up my order, even if it is complicated, which it usually is.
Yep...an honest to goodness authentic German restaurant/gasthaus right here south of Charlotte.
I agree with the previous review from Nikki - they had me cracking up the entire time and I left with a huge smile on my face.
Staff is friendly and down home, but you'd better leave your big-city attitude at home.\n\nWe went for a Friday night fish fry.
I would definitely recommend Taipei if you're craving Chinese and sushi.
When I try to instantiate and run the application, also runs.
Let's roll into a pro/con list...\n\nPros:\n-Great, friendly service.
I am currently trying to get to show up if my object has no destroy date.
You are correct that a query like this: will return one snapshot per story that satisfies it.
[[0,0],[0,0]] returns true but [[0,1],[0,0]] will return false.
But, my concern is that if Google care about all site loading including those in iframe , then it's big problem since it takes 10 seconds.
Got my first tattoo here in 1993 and my second a couple weeks later.
Also: Some of your efficiency might be tied up in your use of .
Here's why: When you assign to the string field of the newly allocated but uninitialized record, the RTL sees that the destination string field is not null (contains a garbage pointer) and attempts to dereference the string to decrement its ref count before assigning the new string value to the field.
:) can't wait to go back again!
This courtyard has had the renovation treatment that most are getting around the country.
Avis turned out to be the best deal on top of being located in an easy-to-find location (in addition to being easy to return the car).\n\nI was aware of a 29-minute grace period before being charged another day (or hour).
You could use a secondary mapper to actually replace the amount column.
but when I touch it, the dropdown menu doesn't open.
I was actually pretty impressed with it!
Great place for a family/business dinner.
Give a look to the setInterval core function and to the jQuery's Effects/toggle function:
Menu is fun to read.\n\nBeers also aren't overpriced.
This is really amazing if you can afford it.
Bed was comfy, room clean and the bar relaxing.
We've purchased several cars over the years.
SQL is designed to perform operation on sets of rows, not to loop through processing one row at a time.
We received a BoGo coupon in the mail and tested this place out.
A great place to get take out.
I loved my old salon and was very sad to leave, but then I stumbled across Spa and Nail and couldn't be happier.
So any tips that help to fix this problem or a simple test case should be posted there.
If I put a breakpoint inside an empty if loop the debugger won't stop there, it only stops at instructions it can execute.
How long do you expect until you release a working version of your website?
I always used to avoid Whole Foods because I thought it was way more expensive than Giant Eagle or Trader Joe's.
Seriously, if you're here, get a damn taco.
I add my GeoPoints with a simple cycle on Activity startup.
He said I should head here instead and what a great suggestion that was.
You can name the function used at , recursively call same function at of call until See also
Beyond the meal, my server was attentive, knowledgeable and courteous to my requests and expectations.
I have 15 cells to add in a table with 5 columns and 3 rows.
I Have been their customer for over 20 years now, and would not think of doing business with any other jeweler.
They always show the morbid, creepy-cool exhibits, which are right up my alley.
otherwise it will show Not Responding ..
UPDATE: jwrapper allows skipping pack200, but then the install file is huge.
Visual Studio C++ Source file accessible despite no #include?
Next time I'll have to try the dessert.
Also in it were pea pods, water chestnuts, carrots and mushrooms.\n\nEven the fortune cookie at the end was a better grade cookie then take-out places.\n\nService was helpful, attentive and friendly.
Our server was very good, always filled our drinks before they went dry, came back often to see if we needed anything and was fast with the bill when we were finished.
wxWidgets OnInit This code works fine: But this doesn't: It doesn't give any compilation/link/execution error, just don't show up the window.
They know that I work all day, so they let me drop her off first thing in the morning and pick her up on my way home from work.
You will utilize SqlConnection, SqlDataReader and SqlCommand classes.
\n\nSarma - if you're expecting dolmathes this will be familiar in flavor, but it texture.
There is no reason a meatball sub should be a weekly part of my diet - but I can't help myself.
It was crispy not soggy like some places.
If you're concerned about not loading the page at all (not sending a request to the site), you need to intercept it at a lower level.
Let me first state that I was dining solo and was wearing a baseball hat, jeans and cowboy boots.
We loved the little kid area where we could put our baby down so she could explore too!
Now if I push that container to elastic beanstalk with their cli tool I get the following error Output: [CMD-AppDeploy/AppDeployStage0/AppDeployPreHook/04run.sh] command failed with error code 1: /opt/elasticbeanstalk/hooks/appdeploy/pre/04run.sh b07ae15d619ad90441f6f410a31a7d51885151c92cd8675c5d8e47f63b43dd95 Docker container quit unexpectedly after launch: Docker container quit unexpectedly on Sun Dec 21 13:36:06 UTC 2014:.
This way you would still be able to read a review from last year and use the score for something meaningful, as the score of 67 is now measured against this years max-score.
What more can really be said?
It was a one of the better pieces of friend chicken I have had, not dry at all.
However, doing so is no more complicated than checking for the same data in an array or a SQL table.
How can I highlight the element using javascript?
The pancakes were light and fluffy and just simply delicious!\n\nEverything with this place was totally right, look forward to going back!
Update: Here is the code for my button.
\n\nThe very environment the bar unintentionally spews from the walls themselves will leave you wanting to come back.
There was a nice ambience - it was quiet but not uncomfortable so.
The key part of this intimate setting is that as soon as a band takes the small stage, you can't help but start grooving to their tunes.
You can tell they recently renovated.
However, the drawback summarized under the first bullet point seems to remain.
But their vegetarian menu is fantastic!
This is the code that I have currently:
@David W.: I guess I'm confused on backtracking.
Worker thread Make a note of the event passed to the thread's constructor.
I want to place all my public variables in one module.
So is there some way how to add css class to this bad row after submitting button ?
I found that its pretty easy to implement and works great.
Even if I could stop thinking about that dinner, I'll be reminded of it every time I check my bank account balance because Umi must be the Japanese word for \""you think you can afford this, but you cannot.\""\n\nI will absolutely dine at Umi again.\n\nI wish I'd ordered the Omakase, which is $85 but provides a sampling of everything and from the other reviews here it looks like a lot of people recommend it.
any() isn't a join alternative, but a subquery exists shortcut.
So, I don't want to touch it.
i want to know how can i get content of device default screen content from my application On Android 5.0+, with user permission, you can use the media projection APIs to take screenshots.
Being a creature of Pittsburgh I have been doing the whole neighborhood thing.
We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating, plenty of help and advice for weary holiday travelers, always delivered with a smile.
This has become my go-to place in Charlotte for Indian food and I'm there more often than I'm comfortable admitting.
i usually just go here to sell things; but my mom comes here all the time and loves it, she always walks away happy!
Either tofu or chicken, but not certain.
Not sure if that works in your case.
\n\nI went the first time to check out the Body Worlds exhibit, which blew me away.
Can you give us some more info like language, project type, etc ...
I then want to say that component "foo" gets a foreground color of Red, and component "bar" gets a foreground color of Green, but they should inherit the background color of the "component" column.
Can you give me some links where the basics of Bluetooth are explained?
I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish.
Check out , and in particular.
They have a great selection of wine and beer and a lot of basic items that other small markets lack (or charge an arm and a leg for).\n \nFriendly staff.
I have just recently started loving beer.
Random lines in map (bug?) with ggmap - how to get rid of them?
If you select only HEAD, than any changes in any revisions prior to HEAD will not be included in the merge.
So the place can be great, it just depends on if you hit the right entree.
They also have a frequent buyers club so you can get a free lb of coffee after making x number of purchases.
But my all time favorite is the Legends Ranch Chicken served only on Mondays.
The collard greens were hard and vinegar based.
The chicken was nicely cooked (not dry).
there is Partials the example explains everything ..
Doing a shallow one-ref fetch is as lightweight as git gets, if one-off bandwidth use is really that dear you could clone to an ec2 instance and tag a particular tree.
The reason '&amp;' displays correctly is that it's an ascii character and thus will display the same in most encodings.The problem is that it's not supposed to happen alone in an xml document and could pose problems later when you feed your decoded file to hpricot.
The width ratio between narrow and wide can be chosen between 1:2 and 1:3.
Apparently it dates back to the olden days of yore (late 1800's) and is one of those old Shadyside mansions that was converted into an Inn at some point.
While I was waiting for my color to process, MCN has some outlets for you to plug in your computer to pass the time.\n\nReasonably priced and another nice thing is that MCN occasionally will give free goodies as a thank you or for the holidays.
PersonView is generated by the DataTemplate for the ItemsControl in CommunityView (CommunityView.xaml:16).
Another option always is to use 3rd-party tool to do all of this.
namely, I'm looking for a way to enumerate the visible domains within a forest, using win32api (in C environment) thanks.
However, the file can be moved or copied via , , or .
I've never once had a bad experience.
If you do not correctly enter an integer, it will request another.
Instead this use and use 'list.add (sval)'.
There might be other solution I don't know about, so keep researching, but this is what came to my mind.
I ate lunch there last week and had something new, the fish tacos.
If you like Barringtons it's also worth visiting their sister restaurant 'Good Food' over on Montford for a little Tapas.
The constructor fails to match the type of .
SQL Server : trigger on not inserted row I have two tables.
The way I've solved it was to render the context into a buffer and then write it to file as JPG.
Except that most modern Java implementations 1 use a generational collector by default .
You need to look for NULL values using or No, other relational operators work against , though it is syntactically valid.
Best Friends treats my baby like no other.
The next bit is making them work and when adding an offer making sure I can populate the pivot table with the correct data that relates to offers and offer_days.
Their garlic bread's not the best, but it's edible and again, I can't stress how much I love that baked mostaccioli!!!!
I'm very picky when it comes to salmon and I found this to be fresh and delicious.
The prices for their larger bottles with the dollar off are not much higher than you would pay in a specialty beer shop in a less regulated state.
A great meal...but it is DEFINITELY pricey...go for a special occasion, but DO go!
Right click on the root of your project and select .
I ordered a Chicken Lo Main to go for my son and she asked me if I wanted them to wait a bit before they cooked it.
Two-packs of some things seemed to be maybe half-again the price of buying one at Harris Teeter.
(If you've never been to Zapata's in University Area before, it can be kinda tricky to locate.
When I simply run it tells me that there is nothing to update.
angular directive unit testing with jasmine with template and link I have a directive as below which i want to cover as part of my jasmine unit test but not sure how to get the template value and the values inside the link in my test case.
It's a perfect fit for him as a stylist and me as a client.\nEddy is a true artist in his craft.
Dynamic Query Example Usage *repo is the class that contains the above function Output then it spits out any "Domains" that match the above query.
[hey it is a great opening.] Those two things do set this airport apart from others.
I am building a game for Windows 10 that utilizes input to draw on the screen, but the fidelity is lacking.
Can't wait to go back...even if it is totally freaky time warp.
That is working fine for less memory data.
Its code is poorly documented and maintainance is a big hastle.
I'd suggest using a third class to mark the inputs that need the class toggled, then just toggle the classes when the event occurs.
Unfortunately it rained so we could not take a walk after the meal.
So, having read some recent reviews, and being a Mexican fan, I had to get to Miguel's.
The last time this bug was fixed in Firefox, the cause was that the removing an from the page makes it forget which page owned it, but the notifies the page that it was finished loading after the event.
Crystal Report not supporting to style attribute of Paragraph tag Crystal Report is not supporting the style attribute of the paragraph tag.
The pasta was in a vodka sauce that I could have been happy with for my main dinner.\n\nI then ordered the Filet Mignon, which was hands down the best piece of meat I have ever had in my life to date.
Is there any API for this conversion?
Will definitely visit again instead of going to a larger chain for lunch!
To avoid this you can use either clause, either clause.
The ARL is the Animal Control shelter for the city of Pittsburgh and with that can bring some very upsetting and disturbing signs of animal cruelty.
When more names and values are found during the loops, the quaternary construct '( ...
I'm german (American by way of Stuttgart, my German claims are legitimate!
\n\nI would definitley suggest this place.
If the developers of a system intend parts of their solution to be extendable, then they should design it that way.
\n\nBottom line, they tell you what they're going to do and then they do it.
For example, let's say I have the following: When I go to add my first Blog using a ModelForm for Blog, it shows a dropdown next to Author.
If you were to use the equality operator, that would be different as overloads that to do value equality rather than reference equality.
How to check if button is clicked while text input has focus using jQuery I'm relatively new to code and have been building a little project called to improve my jQuery.
You ain't gonna find it here.
The Activity is declared in the main project's manifest, it compiles, it runs, it does everything I need.
Of source ,the above statement does not work.
the neighborhood is nice, can walk and shop and explore - upscale shops and lots of nice places to dine.\nonly criticism is the fitness facility which was lame - 1 treadmill, 1 elliptical, 1 bench, dumbbells to 50 lbs.
Or do you have a continuing education strategy that actually allows you to stay close to the cutting edge?
You could run JMeter performance tests.
But is this the best way to do it ??
Instead in a body you can add two tags, and and put your contents inside divs.
If you want a good greasy burger, crispy golden fries, non-greasy crunchy cheese curds, a nice selection of local brews on tap and fast friendly service this place is for you.
I had trouble at first since there are several php*.ini scattered all over.
any ides how i'd do the above, or how i am meant to solve this generally?
This tiny shop has a dazzling selection of new and vintage pipes, along with the most extensive selection of tinned tobaccos I've ever seen outside of a Web site.
Stored procedures are not very good at being super-generic because it prevents SQL Server from always using optimal methods.
If you have a natural key that you want to use as the PK then you would probably want to put a unique constraint on the surrogate alternate key anyway.
The response from the SOAP interface is already parsed.
If you want to remove all Unicode characters from a string, you can use .
Absolutely!\n\nDid Richard help make my visit spectacular?
I showed up and they have a menu that states pretty simply, 11am - 10pm 7 days a week..
They have a good stage area, and I think for the most part everyone could see very well.
The food was excellent but the mango ice cream will bring me back!
fit my bundles with an additional event system that they use to notify each other of more subtle states like "momentarily unavailable" or "really ready now".
You will get same error using apache+mod_php, apache+mod_fcgid or any other configuration.
My room reservation and keys were ready to go when I got there.
Tessaro's figures to be a regular destination for me while I'm in the 'burgh.
++ for me\nShrimp Cocktail - got 5 shrimps.
You're confused about what first and second mean.
jQuery menu acting strangely on click, the div should move up and be mostly hidden, and then on click again, move back down to original position.
If you want to do the same thing with VBA, I tested this in Access 2010: Another way to approach this would be to create the table, set the field format, and then use an "append query" (instead of a "make table query") to load your data into the table.
I'm not sure about UTF-32 with BOM If run from the command line then use single percent instead of double percent .
The error comes when and so function fails.So this definitely has something to do with the response coming from server when query is sent.
Great for a casual date night.
from the bulk bins, fair trade products and many daily food items like cereals, nut butters, snacks, etc.
\n\nI saw someone eating a burger and I was like - OH YEA!
Frugal MacDoogal's gives me the same giddy tingling feeling that I get from going to Earthfare.
My answer is still very similar to before, but I lied about which line you are printing what.
I thought it was very reasonably priced for everything we had.
Seriously wanted a slice of one of the half doz cakes but, alas, no room.
I'd wanted to see that exhibit for a few years after hearing about it on television, but I'd never had the chance.
This is really poorly explained in the documentation, but actually gyp is already present if you've done an ordinary checkout of breakpad.
Is there a more efficient way to do this?
Yes, of course there is :-) object oriented techniques are a tool ...
Who makes a new girl work on a Friday night!
Very interesting, though I was concerned that I was going to lose my eyebrows when the onion volcano was done.\n\nWith 6 people, it was hard to hold a conversation, though not impossible.
The memory-management hardware does that by generating a hardware interrupt to an OS driver that handles the page-fault.
Phenomenal locally owned store for outdoor enthusiasts.
Fetching only few attributes of a document in couchdb I have a site where I have documents that are around 1MB in size.
Is there any Free Editor for NAnt scripting with little bit of intelligence is fine....
Or you can deal with the provider and ask their best price.
The first few times, they scream and cry when you leave and you're left feeling like a terrible person for the rest of the day.
And it tastes every bit as amazing as it sounds.
I was horrified to think of the quagmire it could have created, but even though Charlotte's roads have that bowl-of-spaghetti kind of organization, it's really never been that bad.
The floors are kept immaculate, and you will never see a mess on the floor or at the condiment station.
A properly written Dispose()/finalizer should work properly with or without a call to GC.SupressFinalize().
There was a long line and I now understand why, good food for a good price.
How to return 401 from interceptor?
replace log4j with slf4j in hybris I am wandering if there is an elegant way to change logging in hybris from log4j to slf4j or something else?
When searching through log4cplus i only found and Does somebody know how to get this library or how to adjust VS to accept the other libraries?
It has lots of statuary, candles, and free trade items.
I only saw one guest room, but it was impressive.
This is your typical Jersey Mike's sub shop and it's located smack dab in the middle of uptown.
I came to this place after having no luck with English Hedgerow, searching for a potted flower for a balcony.
It's the view that keeps me coming back.
The hotel is on the edge of the \""happening\"" area of the city but there is a trolley that runs every 10 minutes up to 10(ish) nightly or a 5 minute cab ride to some of the best restaurants in the area.
Polish ham at an Italian store?
This may or may not be a separate issue, but I thought it was worth including.
-- When i add the then i checked the Reuse types in referenced assemblies checkbox and also Reuse types in all referenced assemblies .
Though dinner is a bit expensive and they do need to tell you the prices of the specials lest you order a $45 bento box like I did, the staff is incredibly accomodating and attentive to your needs.
that they were the correct size.
Be aware that it's available once the recording starts, so you should look at it after the method has been invoked.
You could use but be aware that it's not really widely supported yet.
In the view: In my PhoneTypesController: Thanks for your help!
Solved by using a different plugin:
The query I need to run is: EDIT: I'm using eager loading and I think this will affect how it will have to work.
I can't even begin to describe how happy I am with the service I just received.
We ended up leaving a piece of cardboard in the slot.\n\nParking is expensive.
He has a window called ADD ACCOUNT that opens up, and you can either make your selections via dropdown selects or by dragging and dropping another account directly onto the window.
Assuming that we are building 32-bit code with VS, the first 4 bytes at the objects address is the vtable address.
Rice cake noodles don't really soak up liquid, though, so Soba's version was drowning in sauce.
I went last Friday to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary.
Shocked, yes, but happy I said yes.
UPDATE MySQL using VB.NET I am using VB.NET with a MySQL database.
Anyhow, as a high level, you can use something like module to wait for the completion of async tasks perhaps?
I figure if I can't get the whole thing to work in the main queue, no way the background queue stuff will work.
If you go in knowing what you want, you'll be fine.\n\nBottom line, and most importantly, the food.
I would like you to suggest if there is any other phplib you could recommend him.
Now, I am no wine connoisseur but the wine list is so extensive that it dwarfs the normal menu.
I'm guessing at least part of the motivation for such NULLs would be the behavior of foreign keys.
I love their club sub \""Mike's way\"", and their cheese steak hot sandwich.
Displaying Go App In The Browser I wrote an app that makes a request to an API and gets a JSON response.
See for example How to safely downgrade or remove glibc with yum and rpm Selecting the names of packages to downgrade can be done using the output of , formatted to allow simple selection of the given date.
A lot better than some of the other places higher up on the list.
I don't care about portability, but in VS you can do it.
How to debug a Rails application: Place a breakpoint somewhere in the app code Create Rails Server Run/Debug configuration (or use the existing one if the project was created in RubyMine) Click on the Debug button in the toolbar Rails server starts in debug mode Browser with the app opens (or you open it manually if such option was disabled) Navigate to the page that will trigger breakpoint Observe the stack frame, locals, etc in the RubyMine Debugger pannel.
I told one of the bartenders a story once and went back weeks later and he had remembered me and that story.
you've been here.\n\nnothing about this place that stands out.
The TickFormatConverter comes in handy when data binding.
Four stars only because my ideal B&B would be on a farm, where I can enjoy produce and eggs from the land itself.
That's the only reason I'm giving Casbah a 4 star review...
You are potatoey and oniony and wonderful.
Also, our waitress was very nice and down to earth and came over the perfect amount of times to check on us without being annoying.\n\nSo, not only was the food amazing, but the atmosphere is also right up my alley - it's good food without being too snooty.
Copying also requires PutObject as you write to S3.
All that is truly required is that you find one item on the menu that you really enjoy.
Turkey sandwich are great here and they make it super quickly.
We were supposed to share but ended up downing our own sammiches.
Yes or No button not working properly.
Very very clean inside, decor however is a little outdated.
Does anyone know how I can bind data from one combo box to the other ?
Thanks [edit] Here is the asp.net user control and I want to convert it to razor partial view User control: User control code: aspx [edit] I want to do exactly this in mvc 3 razor partial view.
You can save a whole lot of time by directing his design process rather than waiting for a final result to check.
This was my first time at this airport.
Secondly,in which cases should ARMA filter be used.
EJB 3.1 lookup returns null remote object I am using EJB3 deployed on WAS 8 .
(Based on ) You call the hidden input button from the dat.GUI button's function.
We appreciate the beautiful facility, private rooms, gentle hygienists and top notch dental care.
Shadow Lounge has a great variety of acts that it pulls in.\n\nI just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time.
The vegetables weren't undercooked and the dish wasn't overloaded with veggies vs.
Luckily, Mt Lebo parking tickets are like $7.00, which is what you'd pay at a downtown garage anyway.
It was plated with bean sprouts and slices of fresh mango, which I had never thought to pair with a curry.
Click PHPInfo and check: Architecture = x86 or x64 Thread Safety = yes or no Download ImageMagick from: In my case I downloaded: ImageMagick-6.9.3-7-vc11-x86.zip because the Architecture under PHPInfo is x86 as for vc11 or vc14 search google for "visual c++ 11 runtime" or "visual c++ 14 runtime" and install it Unzip and copy all dlls from the bin subfolder to the Apache bin directory.
Give fries with your burger/dog and GIVE ME A SIDE WITH MY DOG.\n- Try to get a bigger place\n- Lower the prices for hot dogs or give two hot dogs.
With 1.4 version of AngularJS, is it possible to create persistent cookies with ?
And then there's the bar...\n\nBellying up to the bar at the Saucer is easy - it's roughly 50 feet long.
I wound up in hourly thinking someone stole my car.
There aren't many places in Pittsburgh where you can get an above average large cheese pizza for $9.
They have a car service available out front, so you can roll in style, for a price.
Got $722 for five pcs of old jewelry.
I was very happy with them.
The more you can rest, the better/faster you heal.
The food and shopping selections have improved over the years.
I was feeling bummed that I had to hibernate through my original morning plan of going to the zoo, but the thought getting to see my pals suck down chili dogs all Jack & Diane style really helped lift my spirits.\n\nWe walked in, sat down and I was immediately excited to be sitting across from their epic celebrity mural.
The best vintage shop in Champaign!
If someone could share his experience about this, all the information will be very appreciated.
Their staff were attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable.
I don't write many reviews, but felt compelled because I really enjoyed my stay.
I have 2 tabs, and I'm trying to add a list unto one of the tabs.
I noticed this only in one GUI even thou on first sight everything works fine in two other gui's and i can execute multiple tasks inside those Forms updating those forms in background too (from inside the forms methods).
Both times I've been in I've witnessed at least 3 other women treating the staff like dirt-- speaking to them rudely and criticizing them and their practices, speaking loudly on the phone during their service, etc.
The class will look something like below.
If you are looking for a good place to catch a game and have some pub food and drinks with a Pittsburgh flavor, this is your place.
You originally asked about creating five CSVs, this creates two.
Since making the decision over two years ago to be more active and eat solely organic and Non-GMO, I'm off all of my medications, and the price of organic food is NOTHING compared to medications and prescriptions.
I cannot make javacomplete work correctly.
but that should be expected in a minor upgrade MSI, right?
DocumentDb User Data Segregation I'm testing out the recently released DocumentDb and can't find any documentation indicating best practice on how to perform user data segregation.
Rails - Nested Forms will create, but information won't be saved I've been struggling to get my nested form to save the users' inputs.
To my dearest Dylan,\n\nI saw you from across the restaurant and I knew you were a five star kind of guy but little did I know I was about to get five star service!
How much will it cost to support those additional users?
The potatoes were great and the omelette was ok.
If the character could always move, we wouldn't have this problem.
The exhibit shows how the plants, mammals, fish, and insects that surrounded them continue to evolve and create the biological diversity that surrounds us today.\n\nA long-time favorite of mine is the Hillman Hall of Minerals and Gems.
The beers were reasonably priced and this was the type of place where you can gather with friends and just hang out.
It sounds like you want to compare a short term (5-day) moving average to a longer-term moving average (e.g., something like 90 days).
The facilities are nice for horse and rider alike.
I then ordered at the counter and was given the option of paying before or after the meal and I chose after -- the people making the food will assume you haven't arrived and will go slow in the preparation, PAY!\n\nWith the niceties out of the way, you can focus on finding a table or just sit back and relax if someone in your crew already found one.
The place wasn't very busy for a late Saturday night and I think we were the only ones sitting in the bar area.
As of April 3, 2015 , the BabelJS team has released 3 days ago which includes support for the said shorthand as stated in their blog post .
They respond very quickly to maintenance requests, and if the guy couldn't fix the problem, boom, new appliance.
The staff, for the most part, are quite accommodating and all the facilities, terminals, and decor are modern and clean looking.
Sometimes it is really good and other times it is \""meh\"".
I split a ham and cheese with my friend and we both left full.
You go in and order at the bar, and then walk to the back where they prepare your order to pick it up.\n\nThere's usually no cover here at night (with the exception of special occasions such as Unofficial, Mom's/Dad's weekend, etc.) and have good, knowledgeable bartenders.
The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.
There are complimentary muffins on the dessert bar and free ice cream too.
dont for get to take art classes!
But the food was good, and that's what's the most important.
The makes it permanent, but with still local scope.
I did not get to see a lot of the building- we were seated downstairs to the right in a section that was a bit less intimate and was kind of patio-like.
I tried using the options above but didn't work.
I had a meat omelet with hashbrowns.
Is it expected that the manually created .crash file would not symbolicate or am I doing something wrong?
Lots of photo ops around the grounds with different themes in areas.
It's a neighborhood place in one of Charlotte's nicest neighborhoods....the Fourth Ward.
The only thing that I can think of is to have something like that : But that causes the program to crash.
At the end you will see name of lib (SomeName.a) Change it to suiltable name you need.
I use this code for resize an image in gtk+3 c: This is my oroginal image: but when size of image is big, the image quality is disturbed when I resize it: I change to another but it doesn't well done.
You could delete the AssemblyInfo file and compile your project again.
Give your parent view an id and call a method on it's controller like this: sap.ui.getCore().byId("parentViewId").getController().method(); You can directly call a controllers method like this: sap.ui.controller("namespace.Controllername").method(); I would highly recommend a more decoupled way of communication between controllers (or application components in general) using the sap.ui.core.EventBus .
This is the first Wednesday (wing night) they've done this upcharge.
Some gardens are nicer than others, and there are a few that are still under construction.
3) Then Created the Job Flow (Using Sample Hive Program).
The platters both came with miso soup and ginger salad.\n\nThe sushi platter came with one small 6-piece maki roll and 8 pieces of sushi.
I was looking for something more.
I'd prefer an HTML5 solution, but I'm willing to go with javascript if that's the only way to do it.
It's not supposed to be a factor but then it's not supposed to leak sockets either.
My husband is a bit more adventurous and he has never been disappointed.
Our drinks and food were prompt, she came around enough, extremely nice.
For any game there is always a crowd and you can have a good time eating the wings, which are decently priced and good.\n\nThe bar is nice in the summer when they open the garage doors.
I think you might be trying to do the first case outlined here: ..which for your example would look like: ..so it might just be the parens in the wrong places that bit you in your first try.
Generally, you put the function prototypes (e.g.
I try to make it out for Bacon Night whenever I am in town.
We went early and got a cush spot on the top floor with the window.
On OS X and most any modern Linux install this will work just fine, because the source, execution, and console encodings will all be UTF-8 (which supports all Unicode characters).
They have everything and bc I currently am working in the Strip Dist I love being able to walk in there and pick up stuff for dinner on my way home.\n\nI would never, ever come here on the weekend bc I love myself far too much for that.\n\nThis place is always packed.
str_replace can work on very large strings without a problem.
Formulae, formatting, and other niceties may not be serialized (pending CSF standardization) under writing options section.
My problem is that I cannot get the still (not video) frame rate to be workable.
Using native If you are targeting only modern browsers (IE9+ or a recent version of any other major browser) you can use the JavaScript 1.6 array method .
Now i want to allow user to upload more images at the same time, so i put in my jsp page a lot of type="file" field.
I haven't had any bad experiences, but this mounds is clearly where LaFollette and Monona Grove kids go to work part time after school.
Regarding I know there's a solution called BigQuery by Google, which I believe does what I want and allows me to serve the data I want to customers with high flexibility and efficiency, but as I understood it works only on datastore "backups", I need to serve data in real time.
how twitter changed the get question mark on the url i wonder how twitter did their URL like this is it a unique method via ruby or it's something i can do with .htaccess and php because as far as i know this # sign is used to send user to a certain block on the page also is it possible to use other tags for example &amp; or % or $ etc.
Scared the crap out of me but it was fun :)\n\nThe food here is surprisingly pretty affordable.
The preferred way to interact with a db when using an ORM is not to use queries but to use objects that correspond to the tables you are manipulating, typically in conjunction with the session object.
With a menu that offers breakfast items to sandwiches & salads, with a variety of sides, which I will say remind me a New York Deli, they offer macaroni salad, potato, pasta salads, and so many more.
The schemas are as following: ( , , , ) and ( , , ).
A simple implementation of an error checker method: Usage: There are a lot of possible MCI errors, you'll find them listed in MMSystem.h file in the Windows SDK "include" directory on your machine.
Hamburgers, fried and grilled chicken sandwiches and small size pizzas.
Are you sure is a string and not an array?
Pretty sure xUnit.NET also not compatible yet with different .NET target types (i,e WinRT) So what are the options?
Is it only used for the main call stack?
My recommendation would be, to save the files as UTF-8 without BOM-header.
But a fine neighborhood bar.\n\nAnd fried pickles!!!
This brings about the Breakfast Smil...
Came with onion soup, salad w/ginger, shrimp app (small), noodles & veggies (surprised variety!), rice and of course the meat.
This is a great shop for costumes, with staff that takes costuming seriously and goes above and beyond to get it right.
Woot.\n\nI rolled up to this BoA to grab some cash (many ATMs outside and drive through, folks) and more importantly, to acquire a certified check.
When my colleague mentioned my name, the owner told her how I like my sandwiches!\nThis is a very popular spot for fast breakfasts, good-value lunch specials, and ICE CREAM!
Go to the Data tab and select Remove Duplicates.
Also half priced sushi rolls, I do believe.
Dorcas is one of the best Korean restaurant in CU in my opinion.
One way to do this would be like this:
and basically if i do understand correct you want the sum for each distinct set.
See the java spec for the parameter below: readAheadLimit - Limit on the number of characters that may be read while still preserving the mark.
The textarea should already be hidden since it will only be used as a fallback.
You can get rid of all that IComparable junk, that's old school.
They also sell small gift items such as candles and they have nice home decor items too.
I've also had two different sandwiches and both were very hearty and delicious.\n\nWhen I go I'm usually there between 7am and 8:30 am and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for my drink.
best steak EVER EVER EVER\ncajun rib eye ......juicy ..
Data Input read by hadoop not in sequence.
If I just go straight to the actual domain - jeffdill2.github.io/portfolio - everything is still working correctly.
Now i need to open a .java file that was created with mac eclipse and open it in a Windows notepad.
Check that you have enough threads or use the non-blocking (nio) connector.
The guy taking all my information at the desk was incredibly cheerful and happy to have me as a customer.
That will take care of configuring everything: site url, site home, database user, dbase pw, etc.
I have a table A (tableA) and this table has a load of states in tableB.
Personally I found Stephen Toub's article to be the best source regarding constrained execution regions: Using the Reliability Features of the .NET Framework .
I suggest a stop in there for coffee, and then some wandering around.
The kebabs are sizzling, generous, and delicious, and the staff friendly.
One-line copy command when source and dest path are the same I want to backup a file in some-other sub-directory different from my current directory like this: As you see both source and dest dir are the same, so common convention would be to change to the common directory, perform the copy im , then change back to the original directory.
The room was clean and well kept with a ~24\"" flat TV and decent furniture.
We just had fifty high school students interview here and it was a great location.
Loop with trigger (which contains animation) not working So I seem to have run into a bit of a dead end.
My favorite is the chopped salad with romaine, gorgonzola, garbanzo beans and walnuts.
The real stand out was the fresh bread- wow delicious..I literally couldn't stop reaching for another roll - even after I was full!
For an airport of its size, I was shocked.
You can do this in most languages.
And they will take orders by phone.
Solved by following these tips here:
I don't know of any other small restaurant chef in Pittsburgh that takes as much care in the quality of ingredients used (except for Douglas Dick at Bona Terra).
Nothing special is being done here and everyone's systems has the same baseline.
In BlackBerry, for performance resons, there was a file size limitation regarding attachments, so only a portion of the message was downloaded.
The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry.
I don't know if this will help with your problem, but in any case: jQuery is selector-based, so use classes instead of IDs (remove the #s everywhere and change the corresponding id/name attributes to class attributes) and your code will be much more generic, hence more reusable and maintainable.
I know this is a relatively simple query.
The example.php file with my single modified line } Any idea why im getting the following error Call to a member function setProxy() on a non-object in public_html/phpFlickr/phpFlickr.php on line 338 That code is
Your code would work if you just did : The current code tries to read only 1, 2 and 3 characters of the first line, which results in , and the newline being read separately, followed by max 4 characters of line 2 ( ) etc.
I google it a lot, but i only find things related to "dependent dropdowns" in Yii.
I have done everything, pdb placed in current directory to where the managed process is launched; deleted all obj and debug folders and recompiled every project at the same time; I even used the ChkMatch utility which shows that the symbols in the Exe and corresponding pdb match.
Could someone please help me to understand why.
Has anyone found a solid way to do this?
If you want noticeable (and I mean very noticeable) performance gains, you should have one Bitmap on the stage.
For example Name was in cell A9, Phone in cell B6 etc.
I also have a search bar in my app.
However I see that vuforia has provided SDKs only for android, iOS, UWP and unity.
Other than that,, I would NOT change a thing!!
I stopped by for lunch and had the steak salad.
However, I don't want to use a select menu to navigate.
Also their wine tasting is a lot of fun and interesting when I want to play adult for a night.
I can't say I've ever had an incredible wait for either food, a server or my bill.
Yet, it serves its place as its a great venue to see up and coming bands.
On the other side of the coin...
The new animation should take the current transform (translation) into account: Where is the layer that will be animated.
\nThose guys saved me a lot of money and were very helpful.
We just searched Yelp for something decent in Pittsburgh.
I have created a process in which i used "Process Document from Files" operator for tf-idf conversion.
We almost always go for the lunch buffet and have eaten here at least 25-30 times now.
But nevertheless, all three pastas far supersede the majority of Pittsburgh Italian restaurants.
Both of these support client side validation with ASP.NET's MVC unobtrusive validation.
The restaurants are super clean, the menu has a nice variety, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
Below is an example of a configuration that switches the SQL based on the property from the .
Cleaning the cache And then try to install the package again
I don't really care to try sushi anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
For future reference: If you want help with your SQL syntax, include the actual code you've tried that isn't working, instead of inventing something as you go or re-typing.
After creating the set, you add your entire array into it, using the convinience method addAll(..).
I found this HOCON example: to read values: Reference : marcinkubala.wordpress.co m
I assume from your structure that your Model is not namespaced, so you have these 2 options: as you did for View and BaseController or
The tortilla was good and the cabbage added the traditional touch.
Oh and dessert was to die for; Belgium chocolate gelato in a fresh waffle cone and the creamiest NY cheesecake you ever had with a hint of orange zest...
\n\nOne of my favorite things about Girasole is that the owner is also often the host!
\n\nWe arrived at noon trying to make it to a 1:00 game.
Also at the omelet station was roast beef which was just OK.
It was about $15 per person unless you have kids under 4 which are free.
Is the same thing achievable without subclassing UIImageView?
Post a image into facebook app using app id I need to post the image using the image url in my facebook app is that possible?
A non- return value means that there's already an equivalent in the map (and therefore being processed).
SF and Boston have plenty of reviews to choose from but Pittsburgh didn't have many, let alone stellar reviews on salons.
I thought we were going to get bum-rushed when some people learned what was going on.
If you make your shutdown fast users won't want to kill it and will let it terminate properly.
So the php script keeps initializing the connection.
They each know the menu really well.
Set a global variable in other function I am trying to set the value of area and perimeter variable that are calculated in "on_button" function and use those in labels.
I'm currently trying to send a POST request in order to test whether it works, and I'm running into a bit of trouble.
I had the #2 most requested sandwich, Cheesesteak.
Is there an error in my implementation?
Not to mention that everything -- with the exception of the house tour -- is free.
I would definitely come back (but not for a Giant game, it was an old fashioned southern a$$ whipping 38-0 OUCH)\n\nWe should have just left after the tailgating.
This isn't actually an event yet, and it is removed when the user makes another selection.
This is a nice cozy place to Explore New (and old) projects.
A little noisy because it is almost on the highway, but the weather more than made up for the noise.
\n\nI thought this was a great gesture that he would go so far out of his way to help me.
The gyro, lamb burger, french fries with rosemary dip, flat breads are all excellent and won't disappoint!
They do not cook at the table.
My maid of honor maid the appointment and a couple of my bridesmaids, my mom, and grandma came with me to try the dress on.
\n\nI always find very friendly and helpful employees in the aisles.
great music, friendly accommodating service, huge variety of drinks, fabulous decor\n\nCons: Not a convenient location for the car-less me, but well that's just me\n\nHi, I am a non-drinker and rarely have I found an establishment with an extensive list of non-alcoholic drinks.
I did but a very dainty scarf from the selection of hats and clothing on the top most floor of the labyrinth.
Despite being inside an airport, the pecan roll was one of the best I've ever had (just keeping it real).
We had about a 20 minute wait to get in but it was worth it.
I've been climbing here for 2 years.
what command can help me check if file under some dir have '^M' problem, and fix all of them?
Lunch rush does make for a bit of a wait, but there are only so many tables.
With a simple import you have it available in a typed way.
When there was a mixup at the national level, the second shift manager (Sarena) made it right.
If continue reading DWARF dump, then in some place we get this: There is a definition for our base class and this definition have tag, which shows where to find a other part of this class (main part).
If Mack is working behind the bar order a \""Mackdriver\"" and say goodnight.
The code is abruptly aborting entirely (not just jumping out of a loop or function, but quitting completely after going through the While loop twice.
For stuff like that, regular expressions are your friend:
Not being a fan of catfish, I didn't taste it, but rather focused on finishing every last bit of my etoufee.\n\nCajun Queen is definitely a little taste of New Orleans in Charlotte, and we shall return again soon.
I paid 1/2 the price at this spot and Ka was awesome.
For extra items or premium like filet or lobster expect and extra $5 or so.
Get a Park House burger or even a Mexican War Street burger..hell try out the hummus..it's all great.
It seems to have been built in an old warehouse - the ceiling is massively high, and there's gorgeous Mondrian-esque glass over the bar.
In this case, the ideal output when you using would be: This way I can make sure I am following the script line by line instead of having these "jumps".
BUT 34 + 23 + 43 In order to that you need to trick MySQL with the following query : This will return the SUM of the Distinct values based on QV field.
Shopping on a Friday evening after work is, in fact, hard work.
The place even had green-colored ductwork, so I knew I was deep in Packers territory.\n\nA big screen TV aired game highlights from the Packers-Saints NFL season opener from the day before.
Fantastic little Mexican joint in the quiet little town of Charlotte MX...
In all, it's a good place for a date with a desire for reasonable and modern Asian fusion.
I gave 4 stars and not 5 only due to it not being an amazing environment...but for food only, definitely a 5 star!\nHaven't left Pitt yet but already excited for a return trip for more yummy Thai!
It's like a breakfast sandwich (which I love!) with a burger on it.....HELLO!!???!
Normally you get a tomato based version in western NC, but Bubba's does Eastern pretty close.
I am using a 64-bit Ubuntu but I used the and options while compiling.
I simply added the view to my "persective" and the logview plugin as plugin dependency in my main plugin.
Everytime a user selects a timerange, it creates a kind of placeholder event for visual feedback to the user.
Here's what the support said : The presence of the Voice I/O will result in the input/output being processed very differently.
It has been tough for my girlfriend and I to find markets in Charlotte that specialize in organic and whole foods that aren't prohibitively expensive.
The following is the output of : This is the error I get when trying to run after deleting : Any ideas?
\n\nI also like that you can now get a little treat like muffins or different breads.
And if you thought things couldn't get any better, you're clearly not following along close enough-you get $1.00 off every bottle you take to go.
The cup sizes for iced drinks are really big!
Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights, Brighton Heights - or anywhere in between - I urge you to try China Sea.
I advice you to move all the matching logic in the view and again send only the needed in the template.
Quite a full portion of seafood with a side of rice, this vast array of shellfish went down quick.
You can use for this purpose try this, you can create any shape using and set it to for instance I created ellipse.
Since we're talking about 2 miles, that's a bit sad, but oh well..
Bootstrap CSS Woes Having trouble with a website I'm making at the moment.
Sushi bar in airport is very good.
This is a great local Mexican joint..
Strings end in a null character with a value of 0.
You're asking for the latest TimeStamp for all VehicleIDs - the query engine HAS to look at every row to find the latest TimeStamp.
Edit: Valya pointed out that I probably should show a basic model:
Possibly add three divs inside your first.
And the service has always been excellent.
Definitely a lovely way to spend my birthday.\n\nSecond time was for a weekday lunch with a college friend visiting (Nov 2014).
None of the issues mentioned above is acceptable.
I often have a business lunch here (reasonably priced lunch specials) and my wife and kids like it as well.
\n\nWe put our name in for a table, and were told it would be a 35-40 minute wait, so we ordered some of our customary Old Fashioneds.
They buy their data from other companies to form the maps.
The only other self service I know of in the Madison area is off Rimrock road, which is cheaper, but for less time, in a rough area, in terrible shape, and the soap is MUCH more watered down.
Hate it when I see 5 daily parking buses drive by empty when I'm parked in Long Term 2!
The salon is clean and I like that they have curtains between the chairs to give you a little privacy.
It could be inflated one time / or for every fragment; not important.
The soap is not watered down like other places.
Everything was excellent - it looks to be a family-owned business as well, and it shows with the excellent and courteous service (of course, the place is usually busy, so don't come here expecting fast food, but our order arrived within reasonable time).
Had a nice stay and will probably stay here again if I have to come back to visit.
A hack can be used in your particular situation.
please refer this link i hope this is very help full for your requirements.
(Note that is allowable inside , but is not allowable inside of on pure POSIX shells; this is why it's best not to be in the habit of using it).
[UPDATE: IT'S WORTH JUMPING TO THE EDIT SECTION] Ok, I found a solution, even though it doesn't compile with all the compilers because of a bug in GCC (see for further details).
It was overly messy and no return of flavor.
\n\nWe stopped by after the wildly entertaining nuttiness of Speed Street.
That said, Mert's delivered, not greasy food, but high-quality, delicious, heavy Southern food that will absorb anything left in your system, and leave some cholesterol as a gift with purchase.
Just took off one star for the naan- it was a little burnt each time I came here.
If so, I can increase the speed of my function by around 6%.
This example xml parses just fine.
In the meantime (trying to make it work) i have changed it a dosen time, but i can't find the solution.
If the a visitor loads the resource, you know that he has JavaScript disabled.
This has nothing to do with specificity, but instead your understanding of CSS.
Westin really knows how to design their lobby and create a spacious setting.
this is the code what i try to compile and run:
When I check it in the chrome inspector I get TypeError: undefined is not a function error.
Hopefully, the staff is having a better day .
For that I used Google web services.
The only thing I'd change in what you've written is the "redirection" to an access-denied page.
Hot damn, you know I was in line.
It didn't sound like it would taste great from the description and my cousin is ultra picky, so I don't fault him at all...
To avoid this problem, insert all nodes into the "set" datastructure at creation time (you won't need the marking, then).
I, however, was expecting portions smaller than the typical American meal.
I did not detect much sour in it, my only small complaint.
I bought a Groupon for a cut and hairline highlights because I was looking for a place that would give me a good haircut.
"Hoi welkom bij deze groep" is shown as "oi elkom bij deze groep".
I like my sweet tea to taste like sugar water and lemons.
Thai Cuisine is one of the best Thai places I've been to in the States - finding it in Pittsburgh was a real surprise.
PS :I change the original code, but it doesn't affect the question
@BobcatsHannah and @Bobcats regularly interact with the fans throughout the week and game, making it even more of a personal experience.
I've yet to find better Indian in Charlotte.
\n\nThe menu is pretty broad and you won't have a hard time finding something you like if your a picky eater.
Spring security sometimes reuses existing connections, but not always.
I overheard a lady praising the kitchen on her well done steak, is that even possible?\n\nI've eaten here MANY times, not that difficult since I've lived in the neighborhood over a decade, and I've heard just about every conversation you could expect.
In python 2.X is a statement not a function.
I've styled the normal text boxes with so that the text sits in the middle, but I simply cannot do the same with the jQuery boxes.
Is anyone aware of some other way to perform the aforementioned regression on a dataset of the magnitude I described without having to resort to a machine with significantly more memory?
For example, you can set the TCP client it uses to your own implementation of .
Membership is easy- just fill out a form and pay $30 (individual) or $50 (family) and you're good to go.
everything resize/shrinks in the middle/center of the screen.
its working for me...I am using Android ksoap2 library...
Also, their wine bottles for $29 are a great deal.
The only implementation of you've given is .
If you assign reference to a member variable, you have a recursion.
FXG ScaleGrid on BitmapImage not working Does anyone encounter this?
\n\nThe restroom paper towel machine was broken.
It would be trivial to add a "New Folder Structure" entry below the divider (ShellNew key in HKCR)
The query works perfectly and I face an issue when I pass a TABLE in the parameter of Here is my code : I got this error (in french but can easily be translate if needed) : Line 0: Procedure: sp_send_dbmail, Msg 206, Level 16, State 2: Conflit de types d'opérandes : table est incompatible avec nvarchar(max)
Is there a way to get only song1, without the .avi from the for loop?
You have to use iTune to run a .ipa file.
We stopped by on our way to Chicago and it was a perfect break in the trip to stretch our legs and browse.
One simple mistake in your approach.
Get an element at a specific index from a NavigableSet I have a and I would like to get its median object.
Find your image and select OK (make sure your image is in a package in the src) See
The CPAN module You can use the module to parse your second regex as well (I won't dump it here since the explanation will be very long and very redundant.) But if you want to give it a shot, try this:
How to refactor code to avoid multiple if-s [from interview]?
The sushi at this place is what I use as a basis to compare other sushi.
Great atmosphere- creative menu and delicious food.
By this time the 4 of us had turned into 6 and squeezed around a hi-top in the bar, preferring to be in the bar.
Add one anwser, which i think is more clear:
In Shadow DOM land, this is called distribution.
This one deletes an item of a certain type from the database (entries on 3 different tables).
EDIT: This problem seems to only happen on ubuntu.
But you're down to do some digging, stellar furniture finds await!
I plan to do this in C#.
Makes sure you name your parameters with : .
Stairs only go to the 2nd floor, and MCN is on the 3rd.
I am certain there has to be a game loop that somehow is running all the time when the page is active.
Do you have the SVN Ant tasks defined?
Then wonder where all this crap is gonna go in our tiny apartment...
\nI debated for a long time with my friend about the food going back and forth between a 3 and a 4.
very fresh and juicy.\nSesame crusted Ahi Tuna.
LIBLINEAR with Weka I'm using Weka 3.6.11 and I want to use its LibLinear wrapper.
The Co-Op is great, but it just charges FAR too much for a lot of things.
| is an ordinary character and there is no equivalent for its functionality.
\n\nAnother of our cats went to the great litterbox in the sky at this office.
Use transactions, and always save state to files atomically - make sure that you always have at least one valid copy of your data.
Leaked IntentReceiver in Google Cloud Messaging I have implemented GCM in my app and I am using GSMRegistrar as suggested here .
This is my favorite place to go when I'm in the steel city.
To decode the content using PHP, use this : $decoded_string = urldecode('put encoded string here');
The reason I'm asking is because I'm considering buying the OpenGL Superbible 5th Edition .
Put the content inside and it will never exceed the 75%
for anyone having the same problem, I've managed to fix it starting from scratch on the code and using this: ​ Excellent and lightweight solution.
And there are several combinations that can give the same color.
The compile error's changed to :
If you love stainless steel cookware, they have anything you want from All Clad, made right in Canonsburg Pa.
Nice spot.\n\nCan't really complain about this chain - great service and solid food.
Patterns are expensive to compile so at least you will only compile them once and there is code reuse in using the same method for each instance.
If the functions are purely state-changing functions, on an input of type , then you don't need to use them.
The food and service was great.
I tried using memcpy function, tried assigning it like this: , and I tried manually assigning values, e.g: but nothing works, it always copies all members of the source structure, ignoring my if statements.
It is hardly authentic, but we dine with our six year old often and Pedro's is a great place for kids or to go after work to watch the game.
The pho is great, as are all of the dishes I've tried here.
The whole feel of the place is comforting and classy.
I'm also not sure how how it's able to distinguish between what's a filter and what's a product.
Although you can do it for objects iff you intend to check to make sure that two references point to the same object.
I used the transactions for insertion of data in a table, while testing I inserted 18 rows and everything was OK.
Exactly what you would expect from a Westin property.
I would than like to retrieve the CSV file out of the blob in a format that I can use with the ruby CSV library.
all of the hardwood - not sure which I prefer.
Also, the conversation with the waitstaff is always so fun!
\n\nSome might say, \""measure twice, drill once\"" or even, \""if you don't know what you're doing...
They know your name and take care of your every need.
After add this code it may be looks like that: Next, in this extension or module folder go to /controllers/Adminhtml/ and open the controller file and add the following code under the class (add the code bottom of the page before last '}') Now replace the [your-module-name] text with your extension or module name and save then check.
Le Mardi Gras may be in Shadyside, but it is something else entirely.\n\nMardi Gras is a true dive bar, and not just compared to what's around it--this would be divey in any neighborhood.
MvvmCross Not Loading Plugins in iOS 8 I'm working on an enterprise iOS app using MvvmCross 3.2.1 and iOS 8 (with updated profile 259) and it's throwing exception "Failed to resolve parameter for parameter factory of type ISQLiteConnectionFactory when creating MyDataService".
Here is the perl version of the web service: authenticate.cgi What i've been messing with in c# is the following (I might have unnecessary includes, i've been messing with a bunch of things): This has been resulting in the error System.Exception: Error authenticating user.
Okay, I came back, based on my previous experience.
In sum, I very much enjoy this place.
You can do something like below, this gives the counters as (propertyName, propertyValue) pairs.
\n\nThe meal was excellent the server was excellent also!
\n\nAnd everyone else at the store is so helpful and nice, too!
Has anyone done something close to this that can provide observations, comments or explain how may look the right direction?
There are some additional extensions to the functionality of the SAVE EXCEPTIONS and BULK DML handling alternatives that may prove to serve additional utility above traditional approaches to large volume DML operations.
If yes, can somebody point me to the proper direction?
It may help to note that is a having the default , which centers components based on the preferred sizes of the comboboxes.
He may also be running the MS test adapter which you can get from the nunit site
So what you need are linking tables.
Parking can be a hassle, but isn't that the case with any outdated strip malls in the Burgh?
That would be sensible and useful.
you left out a for(;true;) loop
You can define a different scale for different axes.
So you are safe to order something and share it with a friend or two!
So i think something is wrong with my OverlayItem adding to the mapView, it really slows then the app.
A cache-miss is no reason to swap out a thread.
Two beers, appetizer, and two entrees?
The portion of the side was right, and complemented the chicken right.\n\nMac and Cheese: Yes Sir, this stuff was creamy, delicious, sauce done with tons of cheese flavor.
How to restrict users from creating new organization on Grafana On a Grafana deployment if i create a user with the Editor role it can't perform administrative tasks but it can create a new organization and gain Administrative privileges on that organization.
I finally stopped and I am glad I did.\n\nI thought it was gonna be just another boring restaurant but I was pleasantly surprised when the first two things to welcome me were a community board and the cooler with a passable craft beer selection.\n\nWe grabbed a couple of beers, ordered the special (Bacon cheeseburger & fries for $4.99) and sat.
It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks.
It's not Chi- style nor any of the pizza hut concoctions.
Because my daughter suffered from asthma, Dr.
Attached to the marriot, they could have closer bathrooms.
C has no intrinsic decimal type, so you will have to represent your number with some ad-hoc type, and shave off insignificant digits on the right.
The asparagus is great and as big as a baseball bat.
Create Random User algorithm in c# i want to create users based on the number of photos in a folder.
Or charge less for parking!\n\nOverall, I'd stay there again - great experience!
(Now i must declarate in ).
But right off, Rodney Bradham made us feel like he wanted us to understand what we were getting (not an easy task), rather than just slamming in a new system.
The best Tex-Mex in town, and I've had them all.
But to have a join you need a column with rows matching.
I've already tried to set the background of the grid containing the pivot control to the header color and then to set the background of each pivot item to the original background color.
The beer list is a who's who of some of the finest micro brews across the states, including many IPAs which are rotated monthly.
\n\nFurs and fedoras, and those long cigarette holders gracing the hallways.
But I would suggest in your Scenario to put it in the .
View > Macros to edit your macro if you want to assign a shortcut key to it instead of adding a button.
I had done some research online and pretty much knew what I was looking for.
The flavors were amazing, but I hate eating dark meat.
The reason I couldn't see it right away is that Django left a very cryptic error message.
Based on An is expression evaluates to true if the provided expression is non-null, and the provided object can be cast to the provided type without causing an exception to be thrown.
Even when you catch only one kind of exception (not the global catch), then finally gets called (after which your application probably breaks if there is no other catch)
It's a good place to go when you want to get exactly what you want...
It works for normal tr but it doesn't work for tr.alt (odd rows).
This could also potentially cause problems with rollbacks.
Java POI : How to read Excel cell value and not the formula computing it ?
However I will note that not everyone I bring here has enjoyed their food...
so winner winner, fish dinner (or lunch!)\n\nIf I were rating Zorba's homemade ranch, it'd be an easy 5 stars.
(I have the full source of the server + ASP.NET application) Well, it probably won't be a page or a ashx handler, but something like a http module ?
\n\nNearly an hour later, we flagged down a waitress for: refills on our drinks, and to inquire about our curds and fish.
Thanks for you answer in advance.
\n\nI ordered the fish sandwich and it was delicious!
Everyone is just here to have a good time and nobody gets really competitive about the game.\n\nWith plenty of food and drink options and great fans, a Mallards game is a great choice for a night out on a nice night!
I tried increasing parameter, but it only limits the maximum number, so no luck here...
malloc:what can "corrupt" allocated memory in Linux/Qt application (threads involved)?
I have gone with the gyros both times and have not been disappointed.
The 3D sharks movie is great, too!
I also used opkg to download the libmysqlclient-r-dev package, which gave me libmysqlclient_r.so and .la in my /usr/lib directory.
Not bad as far as airports go.
I am trying to create a SearchView that searches for GridItems that each launch a specific second activity.
You should first learn about SASS You will see that SASS is actually CSS made easy and with more features like the ability to use Variables : In your example, he is using variable.
Having to log-in in order to finish the reboot process is clearly suboptimal.
Why is this method not called in my unit tests?
Here we go, Steelers, he we go.
It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.
It is not a bad idea if you need to mix usage of libraries (jars + ios libraries), local phonegap html+js with server side dynamic html code (like php output).
I had one staff member begrudgingly help me out, but I assumed he was having a bad day or was very busy.
\n\nI love the atmosphere at Dexters.
I wish they had more than one eggplant dish, though.
They said 5 is good, but I tasted almost no spice.
The lunch menu was extensive with very reasonable prices.
Mediocre bread.\n\nGenerally unfriendly staff, but Walnut St.
If you don't statically instance them, an attempt will be made to register them for each instance of the control.
There are no spaces left at the end of the line after you run it.
Check their hours before you go and bring cash or check, no cc.
I just want to have it compile and display what it's supposed to do.
I love kitchen stores, and Crate is one of the best in pittsburgh.
I tried moving the html file to the root of dompdf in the vendor map but that didn't help.
The path to the suppressions filter file can be to refer to the location where your stuff is checked out for Sonar analysis.
I also appreciated that it wasn't too spicy, something that has been hit or miss lately.\n\nWe were there on a Tuesday night in early August so I wasn't at all surprised that they were pretty slow.
My logic for using "[-@]" to check for either to be present came from .
Q1.What should be the resolution of the image for supporting all screen sizes for iPhone and iPad in landscape or portrait?
If you're entering information, and you enter it wrong, then you'll need to go through every wrong text-box and re-enter it.
For multidate pickers, returns the latest date selected.
This feels like one of those places that are tucked away and is somewhat of an adventure for you to find.
Then in Now that I have a string being printed to the screen and I have a json response coming from the api I am using, how can I add the json response to the browser instead of the string?
That is because string literals are interned and shared through out the code, meaning that all string literals that are the same have the same reference.
What is the best way of extending spring application context?
Liked fruit cup that was offered, good variety.
Other people have sung praises for Walter's already, so I won't get into that.
It is so cute and perfect for a nice cool evening.
I also have an interval set up to run this automatically every 5 seconds to form a slideshow...
I'm not sure I understand fully what is happening in this scenario but here is a solution to your problem: close() - "Close the page and releases the memory heap associated with it.
I'll stay here again the next time I'm in the \""Queen City\"".
Not only is the food great, but the staff is wonderful and we enjoy our visits there every week!
I often get there earlier than I need to in order to grab a quick fro-yo from Pinkberry or some fresh sushi before my flight.
The staff is very courteous, but I had a creeping feeling they were all \""egh a bunch of 22 year olds just walked in and they don't belong here.\""\n\nWe'll have to come back for drinks and dessert one day.
In your viewcontroller.h add something like inside the @interface section, and add afterwards.
If you have multiple checkboxes and only need to select a single one, give it a class (e.g.
I got a perfect beautiful view of the city from my windows.
Very small, old school feel, perfectly dim lighting.
So that's a lot of validations.
in the future, it's entirely possible that GTK+ will use Clutter internally as the base for its widgets - though that's still a work in progress.
Their suite was second to none, almost had me forget that I wasn't the guest, and ready to kick off my shoes.
Here's an example: Note that you need to set the tag each time is called.
I adopted a dog from the ARL this past spring.
In the end I want to return all integers of my set S but disregard the integers in P1, P2 and P3.
I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded but there was an ice storm brewing outside, which could have forced people to stay in.
I'm trying to set the app with firebase connector angularfire.
This isn't setup by default on your account, however.
It's now my go to place for fish!
That scores major points in my book.
My favorite was the Bianca - the ricotta cheese pushed it over the top.
I recently started having sessions with a personal trainer, and I have seen a DRASTIC improvement in my fitness based on the exercises he has me do.
Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great.
Is it!?\n\nThis was your typical Courtyard by Marriot.
It tends to be a little greasy, but I love the food.
I would try to use a different approach if possible.
The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.\n\nIf you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.
Of course all of Peter's family are great too.
I have tried changing the z-index property of both the autocomplete list as well as the pane resizer, but nothing seems to be working.
\n\nThe Salon Nuvo nail person is FANTASTIC (and wonderful to chat with).
Step 6: Stop tomcat Step 7: Go into that solr directory and edit .
The easiest way is to try to red it, and catch the exception.
The best solution would be to use gradient fills ( ) - but though this is in the documentation, I wasn't able to make it work on my box.
Was taking the famous Fourth Ward Secret Gardens Tour on this beautiful Sunday....which was awesone by the way.
We did follow the smoke and it smelled wonderful.
The only other pizza joint that I can think of that is anything similar is Beto's over on Banksville Road in Dormont (or Greentree, where's the line?)\n\nThis is take out only.
I am thrilled with all the renovations Discovery Place has done.
I enjoy a good chicken sandwich and their Jerk Chicken Sandwich with grilled pineapple, provolone and roasted red peppers may just be my favorite chicken sandwich ever!
Do you get it to work with the code below?
Accuracy of GPS Timestamp in depending on position accuracy In need to exploit in my application time obtained from GPS.
And i listened as an old man (The founder?) was telling me about the old days, and how many men died when coffee roasters would catch fire and explode.
but living in KC it is going to be a while.
\n\nthank god i love this place.
No one should ever try to use those two functions to do any output, simply because of how bad they are.
We were so happy with the shampoo nail and all other cleanings.
I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem.
I think I saw through time after trying it!\n\nOne dish I'm going to try someday is Three's Company.
The problem was that I was using &lt;%= %> (or even &lt;%: %>) within a tag that had runat="sever".
The staff made our experience so memorable complete with photograph of the happy occasion.
So for example, instead of calling you might call and instead of .
Apparently, when you order a meal during the week (even take away!), everyone gets a mango ice cream as well.
I want to add this value to the Name (in Symfony3 BlockPrefix).
I say pleasantly surprised for a couple of reasons.
Search StackOverflow for many examples and discussions.
We were there early so mostly had breakfast which was darned good.
When I used this feature, I found it to be the most horrible experience of my life (and I've worked in assembly language): The and functions.
I'd walked past this place many, many times before actually going in.
They still feature a separate vegetarian menu to make ordering easy.
Nothing better than a good bottle of red wine with a hearty Italian meal.
My research hasn't brought up any useful patterns for this problem so far, I'm thankful for all suggestions.
(I wish there was one walking distance to our apartment in Uptown!!!).
When I have went it was never too busy.
Warm plates of comforts foods, friendly service, tons of regulars, and the same decor for the past 20 years, most likely.
In fact, maybe too much time.
This is where I am stuck, my current underscore function only gets the first level, using ._map: What is a good way to do this?
There are two possible results for a : , when the worked and holds a result, and , which holds an exception because the didn't work.
Limiting execution time of a function call in Python kills my Kernel I need to apply a function several times on different inputs.
The cornbread was tasty and buttery.
In which case, it's probably better to simply consider all line segments.
This is one of my \""go-to\"" places when I'm in Charlotte.
The owner is Chinese, so while I haven't actually ordered from the Thai menu, I wouldn't expect great things from it.\n\nThe decor in the place is typical unpretentious Chinese, which is to say plain and frayed at the edges.
You keep going this way until the reward from the path you're examining is insignificantly small, and sum together the rewards from all the paths.
So the lines weren't long at all.
I made a script outside of vtiger CRM with a button and if you click on it the button opens a pop up and you can select a location within that popup which then puts the x and y coordinates in a textbox.
What are the requirements for this attack to succeed?
I really chowed on the thick slices of Italian bread and they willingly brought lots more upon request.
\n\nOnly one product I'm still looking for here, when they start carrying Mekupelet, I'll be a customer for life.
From the documentation, it looks like you can set the location where you want to save by means of the properties , which has the method .
At this point I try with plot and replot but I have tried some solutions but they did not work.
However, if the character could always move, he could just more right through things.
As I understand you already have an access to the database (user account with granted access and password).
To start we ordered the cod fritters, the grilled octopus and a special salad of the night, farm grown tomatoes with Roquefort cheese.
----->This just prints the first value entered, not the third smallest.
I went to the Vein Center for a hair removal treatment.
The client may inquire as to whether any errors have occurred by invoking checkError().
Be careful or you might hurt yourself trying not to pass out from all the yummy choices or destroy your budget after you discover this place~
If I try to update this is what comes on the screen Notice: Undefined index: picture in C:\xampp\htdocs\churchapp\db\controller.php on line 193 Warning: getimagesize(): Filename cannot be empty in C:\xampp\htdocs\churchapp\db\db.php on line 45
There are several examples on Swing, but I really need JavaFX 2.
Cookies and cream dessert was super yummy.
Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing...
Nice!!\n\nI recommend it overall and would happily stay if I return to Charlotte.
Where to Async in PagerAdatper My fragment activity used this adapter to display all the result in a listview.
i enjoy the food from Mama's it is my go to place for a good meal and wonderful service.
Can we get extra onions with that?\n\nWe decided to give the lunch buffet a try, and arrived around 11:30 am.
what happens if the fields and/or headers are quoted?
This is a nice place with ample amount of space to study, read, or just play around on the internet.
And it was glorious.\n\nFirst off, it IS in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood.
Making this change may solve your problem source here
You have a space on the end of your variable, and you've set IFS so that it's not being removed as part of word splitting.
\n\nHowever, my sister & her boyfriend did go Christmas night and and had over a 45 minute wait for a table (I think they arrived at around 8:45 or 9 pm).
Honestly, it's pretty unassuming from the outside.
They have fun parties and monthly happy hours on the roof of the Mint.
\nWith the traffic from Liberty Tunnel closures rerouting past here, you should TOTALLY make a stop.
Oh and the jQuery is not nested because of debugging.
The name has been around for so long and many people know of it, even if they've never stepped foot in it.
Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out.
Researching more it looks like you can enter your own points here, so you can potentially enter the points used to build the kde or an entirely new set of points.
If you need atomicity, use a Lua script, or MULTI+EXEC pipelining.
I have edited my solution to execute the method three times so you see the value actually remains after running the method.
But when is an activity still partially visible?
Is the .value property of HTMLSelectElement reliable Consider an html select box with an id of "MySelect".
Service was pretty good even though the restaurant was fairly busy.
The can be the root logger as in this example, or any logger down the tree.
The fries kind of a look like cheap looking store bought crinkle cut fries and they are always soggy and limp as a take out order.
I love that you get bread and salad with your pasta dish.\n\nThe decor is pretty cool, and the place is large.
If you want to sit down, watch it on your couch.
I feel bad that the previous folks had crappy service, but if you come here with an open mind and the correct expectations, you will love this place as much as I do.\n\nAlso, it is Regent Theater adjacent, so it is also the perfect spot to have a quick drink/ appetizer before a film.
iphone UIview animation resize in like disappear in water and comes back floating I don't want to fade in and fade out like most common solution for the uiview animation.
In other languages, Ruby for example, you could add your methods directly to String class.
The jalape\u00f1o pretzel bites are an appetizer worth paying for!!
How to restrict renaming a file in VB.NET?
I ran the utility as Admin.
My favorite Irish bar in Charlotte and probably the friendliest bartenders I've ever met.
You aren't forced to use this aspect, but if you want, nested functions reduce the need to pass parameters by directly accessing their containing function's local variables.
\n\nWe enjoyed the food and the ambiance.
We also always get designs done on our toes and they do an amazing job.
There is only a 'block' cursor and no raspverrypi 'prompt' visible.
Do not go here if you want a fine dining experience.
Or maybe he didn't notice it at all.
Can this be done with Grails?
They should put iton the menu :) \n\nFor entrees, I got the pad thai and hubby got the filet.
He said the salad was great!\n\nSince we were staying at The Marriott, we came back around 11pm after seeing a movie and the bar was full.
Dante is the banquet manager and very accomodating.
Although if branch B has been pushed, and you still do a rebase, be prepared for some work if you are only contributor or some curses if you are a team worker.
The second thing gives you is the life-cycle.
Here are some other useful links for image upload and use of volley library.
If you want to return the value from the local variable change the first couple of lines of to this: and then remove the declaration of the variable inside the try block.
Don't take the cornbread to go because it isn't that good when it is a take out.
I was only there for an hour and no one else was really there, so I shouldn't jump to conclusions.
\n\nThe store contains many crystals, gems, jewelry, oils, and even jars of dried herbs.
Dick cut my hair, did a wonderful job, and wouldn't even accept a tip afterward.\n\nDon't expect a salon experience; it's a true barbershop.
I don't know for example how to prevent expanding the last term into .
For example, for P=3 and V=2: Keep in mind that this is an 2 dimensional array, not an array of ints.
I settled for a gorgeous bright orange crystal necklace...for the time...\n\nI was back in the area a few days ago and the coat was still haunting my dreams.
Check out this tut on reusable WordPress widgets :) Using the 2.8 widget API , widgets are natively re-usable.
Not sure if the code is relevant, but here it is.
My Mother-in-law was very happy - she sent a picture of what we order- flowers looked fresh, with a nice assortment of flowers.
They have a few TVs which always is showing the big game and usually has good specials during Penguin and Steeler games.
Odbc parses String as Date using internalGetDate?
Actually getting to the restaurant was difficult, at least for me, and I am pretty familiar with Uptown Charlotte.
But on server document is not updating.
You will find a number of american craft brews, trappist ales, etc.
I've just extracted the calendar changes from your code and executed to demonstrate: the result is:
I like that when we come in to drop the kids off at the nursery, they greet us by our first names.
Anyways, we always sit at the bar vs.
Try Once you've got a handle on the the wordApp, you can access all the objects in the model as normal.
Equally a large number of assemblies with lots of dependencies might block parallelism (A depends on B, C depends on A&amp;B, D depends on C has no scope for parallel builds).
I need to upload this onto a server, so my intended approach was: 1) Save container 2) Upload tarball to server 3) Load container However, when I run the following command: it just hangs and produces no output.
\n\nI've been to several High Tea Services and this one would definitely be on the light side.
Anyone who says that there's no good sushi in Pittsburgh (and I've heard you say it, folks, right here on Yelp!) hasn't been to Umi yet.
So, being in that area, my Mother wanted the Chinese Chicken Salad at Applebee's, one of her all time favorites.
You're at Lidia's, you eat the tiramisu.
The layout is as follows: I have a movie clip that is 3 times the width of the stage with my content, with the instance name of .
They always have the freshest sushi, and I love the variety of special rolls.
The destructor of the temporary object can signal that the string being outputted is done.
I called and spoke to Todd, who told me it might be a bigger job than they had time for, but told me to bring it right over and he'd see what he could do.
\nMy fan is all cleaned up and running like a top.
It definitely helps, but if the markers overlap exactly, you can see the label still coming through even after setting the opacity to 1 and making the background the same as the custom marker.
There are a number of unanswered questions; particularly about the nature of the data.
I am not claiming this is how to do it, but it seems to work, and would appreciate any opinions.
To get the size of the container implementation you can do what you currently are: To get the size of all the elements stored within it, you can do: Then just add them together to get the total size.
This should give you exactly what you need - it's the motivation they use to start the example, after all!
Upstairs cardio/weights (full dumbbell set, treadmill, bikes, kettles, etc)\n8.
We were here last week and wanted to stay, though wound up at Vapiano, so all week I kept thinking when are we going back to Ri Ra, I only took a week.
The kiosk API is probably your best bet for this, though I haven't used it in years and don't know if it's even supported anymore.
The creativity is only outdone by the delivery and flavor.
BTW, the comment to the question by "Gras Double" works, just wish I had found it earlier.
Any ideas as to what could be causing this?
It seems possible to apply this technique to a larger scale build tool, but I don't know if it's been done.
Thus you can simply try If you want to be more specific, you can restrict the "after" part to just the characters you expect, maybe but you still need the leading because otherwise you'd match the number part too.
There's no right answer, and so Python doesn't guess unless it has specific rules about those two types.
Like many others before me I came to the Dor-Stop with high expectations and let me tell you, my expectations were exceeded.\n\nMy girlfriend and I have been looking for a new breakfast spot for a while and the Dor-Stop has always been high on my list to try.\n\nThe place is classic, still has a bar counter, kitschy items adorn the walls and the a feeling that you are dining in your grandmother's restaurant.
I could eat the cheese dip with a spoon.
Each table receives free bread appetizers and are served with a very tasty EVOO.
SQL Server Stored Procedure Compile-time Validation Does anyone know how to get compile time validation of parameters being passed to a stored procedure.
We ordered the simple extra cheese pizza.
I order this almost everywhere I go, even though it's usually \""meh\"" at best.
Meaning when one 'lockable' part of code is locked other 'lockable' should not be locked.
It must match the Website URL or Canvas URL, or the domain must be a subdomain of one of the App's domains.
The sauce was pretty mild but still quite tasty and if you're not a super wings eater, you can get a fries/wings combo for super cheap.
You can read more about it in the Blessing &amp; Curse of Dynamic SQL .
He made me feel totally at ease about the purchase.
They're named as such because one name their methods to get a private variable named value from an object or to set it.
Can C# handle the above timestamp as it is?
Caused by: com.google.gson.TokenMgrError: Lexical error at line 1, column 1.
Good service, wait times are bearable on weekends (the wine loft makes it easy to wait).
I know this is so both sets of keys go with the car, on one-way rentals, but for the rest of us customers it's a great inconvenience.
The venue is incredibly unique, kitsch-ly decorated and BIG.
Such as Build, Code, WorkItem, Checkin(pull).
It's bar food not fine dining but its always fun in there and the beer selection and atmosphere rocks!!
\nAltho my son had to use a mobile IV unit, and was scarred on his head from radiation burns, this Marriott was most accomodating and incredible.\nWe had a gorgeous suite, exquistie room service and gracious attentions.\nThese attentions were NOT triggered by my sons illness, but sincerely born from true proffesionalism and great training.
The hostess was a tad rude, which started everything off a little odd, but everything rebounded from that.
Monty's is one of those places where you start going to as a little kid, and continue going to well past your 70s.
The best in Charlotte hands down!
The fries weren't my favorite...they were shoe string cut and a bit too crunchy but at least they came out hot!
Old people like it here too.
And when you call the method you get another instance with the mutable flag turned on.
I ask this since in the connection string, I'm not directly connecting to any of the VMs.
You can throw in wherever you want the code execution in your action to stop
Any ideas/solutions on how I could achieve this?
\n\nThe only thing I wish was a bit better was the wifi situation - luckily I was able to get a bunch done without the need for it.
That is something I have almost never ever said at a buffet.\n\nCheck out all my reviews at theglobeonmyplate.blogspot.com
BUT once the service finishes doing what it is suppose to, the service terminates itself.
Post a notification when mute button is tapped and add observer on each of the view where you want play/mute sounds.
Both formulae may be copied down to suit:
Look at the controller of the table and scroll views' common superview.
Very good quality for an airport diner.
The chicken cutlet portion was gigantic, containing two chicken breasts along with two generous portions of sides.
It's places like this which remind me why I love Bloomfield.
Now this is what I'm talking about!!
( never good) If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair.
I also wish to Pre-pend the new name of that folder to all of the files inside it.
The crash is not reported via iTunes connect and the user is unable to sync with iTunes and get me the .crash file (they don't have a computer).
All methods of which I am aware to return an array from a function have weaknesses and strengths.
Sure you could, but you'd have to return the value from your callback, your callback handler and your calling function.
My fiance ordered fried chicken and it was very good.
However, to be fair, this was more of an expectation issue on my part since the description of the sundae didn't say anything about chocolate ice cream or fudge, so I can't blame the proprietor for this.
And the query based on the accepted date returns 13 results, one snapshot per story.
I had to write a query that gives back for each state that has more than 5 sailors the sailor id and the total number of reservations that he has made.
Lots of hotel choices nearby and then back again really early in the morning.
Hubs and I split a bottle of wine.
They make their own Pita breads here, and they make them delicious and cheap.
Fyk: I use spider (Python 2.7.11 64bits, Qt 4.8.7, PyQt4 (API v2) 4.11.4 on Darwin)
LINQ select all items of all subcollections that contain a string I'm using jqueryui autocomplete to assist user in an item selection.
This location in particular has been very pleasant.
If you have a running application (executable), you can use dependencywalker to determine the correct version.
I understand I can set a time limit on the set key, but as the content will/could be added whenever it seems that setting a limit could still display old posts.
This is by far my most favorite Chick Fil A to go to.Maybe because it's right across the street from work or maybe because the staff is so friendly (seriously, how can you not smile when someone says \""My pleasure\"" in a sincere way?) There's always a line however it moves fast even with the lunch time rush.
I want data to be stored once I login, for 7 days say.
Just try it out: Not entirely sure when this was introduced.
So if you're looking for a great new place to go tonight, try it.
The Android SDK provides the class to and App preferences.
The MovieClips being added are called 'square' and when I left Mouse Click I add a series of these MovieClips to the stage.
As we drove by, my mother said, \""Oh, Cain's that place brings back memories.\"" So, I told her to pull on over because we were going in.\n\nAfter seeing the abundant sauces, I had to go with the wings.
But, to do this type of simulated "background", you have to write your task to execute in small chunks.
It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don't win as many tickets as you would hope.
An additional related question is: I find this question interesting as well.
Good food, professional service, a nice ambiance (a bar with a tin ceiling) and even a bit of view of the street and hills.
Here I'm only matching the numbers and period character.
Not super authentic but as far as Americanized Chinese food goes this place was super good.
I need position and I need to know a time stamp which I can globally trust.
I'm able to successfully store text data - however when I attempt to incorporate a I end up crashing my entire app.
As my particular view I was thinking to use filters.
Tryon near Ayrsley since I moved to Charlotte, but when the quality of service went downhill recently, I found myself looking for a new mechanic.\n\nCoulwood Tire & Auto in NW Charlotte came recommended by a friend, and my first visit went as well as a trip to the mechanic could.
Not to mention, the merchandise and snacks stands are there as well, making everything even more tight.
\n\nDrinks: you MUST have a stoli doli martini.
remove calling run method explicitly, you will get desired result :)
They also accepted payment over the phone and didn't expect any payment until the job was completed and passed inspection.
Everything in the store is brand-new but has a retro feel to it.
Not huge, but decent.\n\nThis location always has a few Bliss products, which makes it top notch in my opinion.
Bomber was good but the fresh oregano over powered everything else.
Imagine if a pancake mated with french toast and danced in cinnamon...
The rice cake noodles were deliciously glutinous and chewy.
After remembering seeing the Dor-Stop on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, we stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning at around 10AM.
Exactly what an authentic barber shop should be.
My favorite part is that there's a Bojangles inside.
Liz who coordinates the special events is definitely in charge and runs a tight ship, making any event there go seamlessly.
And because I'm greedy and have no shame I also got a side of mashed taters (just so I could try them).\n\nI really enjoyed my food.
I had the corned beef hash with two eggs and toast - just the right amount of food.
I've been tinkering around with various differences, tweaking it here and there, but the only common thread to those that don't work seem to be that I downloaded them from a different website ( not Project Gutenberg).
This is a decent location if you happen to be near Market Square and you're craving Starbucks.
I use ggmap (2.4) in R (RStudio 0.98) and I have a map of Myanmar with political borders in which I am plotting some linguistic information.
They can, because speedup factors compound.
Here's one way you can do it: From that point it's pretty straight forward.
I know how to do an inner join where it needs to be, and I know how to order a table to bring back the latest 'time' row, however I dont know how to put these two together and create a single query.
At the application running time show excel, word.
In this example is moves to space 1 line 0 (line 1 really).
Try the Pittsburgher, a cheesesteak with a heaping helping of cole slaw and fries.
You can ask for mint and eat it with the bread, onion, and feta.
Then I have created a cluster by using the fabric8 and added its containers to the Fabric Ensemble as well.
We were NOT rude or anything of that nature.
Unable to obtain JDBC connection from datasource I was trying to run the following command in gradle and it gave me the following error : The script file is here and the line no.
The easiest way to get a complete working setup on Windows, including ming compiler, is to install a distribution such as pythonxy (my favorite) or EDP .
\n\nOverall, excellent spot with great authentic beer and food.
But it may only do this after it verifies that the expression is correctly formed and doesn't generate any compiler errors when the copy constructor call is still there.
Add in MSBuild .proj file: a sequence of simple rights: F - full access M - modify access RX - read and execute access R - read-only access W - write-only access
It was hard to cut and totally dried out.
why such a difference in file contents C# My intention is to write a to a file.
I think the prices are comparable as well.\n\nMetcalfe's carries all the local goodies (Potter's crackers, Mad Urban Bees honey, etc.) that Copps and Woodmans don't carry.
For a short stint in Steel City, CPS is a solid spot.
To figure out the selected items you can do something like: The checkbox that is added in the header will toggle the selection.
There were 6 veg options, 4 meats (biryanis and curries), nan, poori and bhajis, kheer and pleasantly hot gulab jamun, average (free, unlimited) lassi, some good chai, and decent chutneys and lemon pickles.\n\nMeals ends with mukhwa, but the candy and plain fennel seeds are kept in seperate bowls.
Sample (this has no effect): The drag operation originates from outside our app.
I would not go anywhere else but here.
EDIT Using the following xslt file I am getting the WXS structure that follows after: No matter what I do I cannot get the Directories to be created as component groups...
I have to extract a large amount of these coordinate sets from an array.
Programming Android App using Ceylon Can I create android app using Ceylon?
For the life of me, I have no idea why people go to the Subway that is near it.
\n\nVisible from I-90, just west of Madison, there's a cheese place (Mouse Haus I believe) and warehouses for Pepsi and Walgreen's nearby.
Or is there a way to make this structure work for this particular purpose?
So you can use the following solutions: or you can use .
here is the modal code : as you can see I've assigned "editted" to my "name" attribute, which is later on used to call the query in the database, sql code is as below : and here is the ajax code snippet; I assume there is nothing advance about this segment of code, and i'm missing something very simple, any consideration is highly appreciated :)
The food is better than average.
The tilapia was lightly fried and was still tender.
Problem is is that when I use that filter on the very first one it throws a index out of bounds error.
I completely didn't realize that a 20% gratuity was already included on top of the room service fee.
proper way to start and interface with a service and statusbar/notification I have a broadcast receiver that works fine but now I want to send send notifications to status bar.
Stunnel does almost exactly what you ask if the following conditions are met.
You get what you pay for.
I am proud to call myself an owner.
Located right by the Double Door Uptown - this location is super convenient for those of us living or working Uptown.
I've been going to the Thai House about once a month for over a year now.
Try it; it's a guilty pleasure.
Even if the meshes you are working with can be as small as 10 units, a near camera setting of 10 or 100 might buy you some slack.
I will be visiting again next time I am in town.
Just because people have written the code and made the source available doesn't mean that it's always going to be good code.
My husband and I are avid plane watches ,being surrounded with pretty things makes the day special.\nThe South Western Plane and the new merged US-AIR/American Air are best in show.
This one is complete with Charlotte souvenirs, pickled jams, and veggies from local farmers-nice idea.
I did not know about The Truth Buddhist Society until I saw Connie's review.
Below is my code for creating view Here is my screen shot of view
This will not guarantee that the transfer has finished by the time you access the data, so it may still block.
Insert the popup to your loop, put there case and put the popup inside the case.
The menu has a lot of variety, all great dishes but a little pricey.
You can read more on .
Use on objects to perform identity comparison.
decorator design pattern violating is-a relationship I have recently started studying about decorator design pattern but I have a query.
Then we can define specialized types (type aliases) that specifies the full type and thus limiting which constructors are allowed.
However on previous occasions, I was freezing in winter, or deafened on trivia night.
A great wine selection and food cooked to perfection.
The WiFi client scanner will have need to have a loop to continually monitor the airwaves.
I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to ask, but I'll give it a shot.
There's a kale salad that you can ask them to put in a wrap and it's absolutely phenomenal.
I come here a lot for special occasions.
It may be something like statements causing your code not to be compiled.
I should try to make friends with these people since I'm new in town.
This works for some of the sites, but a few get pointed to the same site.
You might want to look at which allows you to iterate over it while another thread is writing.
This is not just style -- there are strong advantages e.g.
The staff is always friendly and very pleasant to deal with.
If you decide to leave, the fee is completely refundable, too.
It's not so tasty compared to the chicken-breast or steak.
Why would a company force alternate credentials for internal access?
i'm seriously serious, they are amazing).
The waitress was very busy but always available if we needed anything.
However, BJ's is worth a trip too.
I have an OSGi fragment containing non-code resources - that is effectively a jar file containing a set of resources (image files, etc) - that I have built with maven.
I have to say it's worth the wait.\n\nI showed up and had to wait 20 mins.
Or use an ORM like Josiah Carlsons's 'rom' package.
However, this is not important, since i am testing the app.
I can't wait to be back to try the ribs!!\n\nTip: their parking lot is tiny and shared with the bar next door, so don't expect to find any open spaces around lunch or dinner time.
This is the JQUERY, that works if i use one form, I've tried to add an ID tag but it didn't seem to work:
Is there a way to do this with JavaScript or CSS?
My first time going to Edgewood Dental, everyone was really nice, respectful, and professional.
Have you tried turning off in your ?
Copy Select the sheet where you want to have the summarized data.
I was desperately in need of a hair cut.
This doesn't work well when you have paths that contain slashes!
This is my 2nd time here and I thought that I attributed the satisfaction of my first visit due to the fact I was sooooo hungry.
Try and reduce your full-column references to ranges more closely representing the extents of your actual data.
I have done some coding in Javascript and C++, so I do understand the concepts.
The site that the users must visit cannot be changed, so I resolved myself to try and patch matchbox-keyboard to change this behavior.
Are there any resources/studies regarding this particular aspect?
Apache Lucene Mahout - An incubator project to created highly scalable distributed implementations of common machine learning algorithms on top of the Hadoop map-reduce framework.
Assuming this data is in some kind of enumerable object you can do: However it feels wrong.
Or better, set everything to default values after you are finished with it (calling glDisableClient for all enabled vertex arrays should be enough).
Therefore i neee the element content.
As mentioned by @SirDarius, this is implementation dependent and therefore you would need to check on a per implementation basis.
\n\nAll of the curry dishes are good here, as are some of the simpler dishes.
I have never been here before and was really impressed with the decor!
The restaurants and bars are well done.
But I could also use structural types without "doing duck typing".
It provides for all of our gluten-free, dairy-free needs - and even allows the opportunity to purchase in bulk as a member.
Bar in the hotel has great service and good drinks.
In addition to default methods, you can define static methods in interfaces.
The food was great and the wine was wonderful.
Spring security ldap connection management I am using spring security to authenticate users logging into a webapp.
Lots of delicious flavors, very appealing to the eye and the rice was perfect.
I have tried looking thru the Erlang source code but as I am relatively new to Erlang it gets kind of dense down the bowels of all the inet_XXX.erl and .hrl files.
However, encoding it as and writing it to a binary file works too, as long as your system's default encoding is .
Not to mention she's great to talk to and the first time I went there, we instantly bonded.
However, it seems my program crashed upon loading LIBSASL.DLL (which was the next module loaded according to the log from Dependency Walker run on Windows XP).
Try to replace it with an empty string instead, like .
I would suggest using MVC Display/EditorTemplates rather than a helper in this context.
Now that Roberto is in the Village, NYC this is certainly the tastiest spot left.
Turns out firewood is pretty hard to find when the weather gets warm..\n\nI didn't see any bundles out front, but after speaking with 3 employees, and walking around the store I was met with a very kind Lowes employee who walked with me to the back, where they had a pallet of firewood that they hadn't set out yet.
We have ordered this many times in the past and new it was a winner.
This restaurant is family-owned (the owner is a sweet little lady) and has been around for a while.
There is no circuit breaker library from Microsoft.
Overall though they were two very solid pizzas that I enjoyed.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.
They are not inexpensive, but their glasses are quality.
I never got it working with jQuery, but the simple code above solved my problems.
You can scale the image by creating a ScaleTransform object and applying it to the imageBrush, and setting the Stretch property on your brush to whatever it is you desire.
How to access nodejs config parameter in angular side?
Always a pleasure to eat at this place.
Alas, there was no room for dessert.\n\nAre C.G.'s price ridiculously high?
is the S ubset of D ata associated with each group.
Does trouble persist when returning by-value where the vector is copied?
The latticey way to do it would be to pass a list to this argument, e.g., Unfortunately that just throws an error in the ggplot2 case.
\n\nRecently I went to their BBQ event.
boy would that have been an incorrect assumption!
UIView animations canceling each other I have a problem when playing multiple UIView animation blocks.
We also shared a nice selection of cheeses as well and all were absolutely wonderful.\n\nFor dinner my wife had the scallop, even though we had it as an appetizer she wanted more and the dish did not disappoint.
The data are scaled from 0% -100% on the Y-axis - see: I have understood that I need to calculate the inverse value of the data, to scale from 0 (Y: lowest value 0%) to 1 (Y: highest value 100%).
I have a cookie that remembers if my drop down is hidden or visible or not.
specific stripchart with ggplot2 I've got this dataframe and this chart when I use the function in base R Can I have the same plot with the library ?
VB6 read barcode while program is running in background i have a problem to make a program that can read Barcode.
are set up as a joined subclass to my ContentBase class in nHibernate.
$5 for a full loaf of pepperoni bread, in NYC that's easily $8 to $12.
I love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful
You need to provide the same port number as a command line argument for both the server and client.
Just found out they have free Wi-Fi.
Now technically when you removed it in the first place you should have removed all foreign key references as well.
elements are paragraphs - so they have a default property of display:block.
Eclairs the size of your arm and Cream Puffs that are about 10\"" high.
Usually my gauge for any Indian place it the Chana masala, my favorite dish.
I've tried various options for doing this but I don't seem to be able to make it work.
I love love LOVE this store.
If you keep your receipt from Tues you can come back any day of the week and get the same deal again for $5.99.
Will Postgres' DISTINCT function always return null as the first element?
I used to do most of my grocery shopping here once I finally had a car at school.
It just so happens to be right around the corner from my house, so it's a nice spot to go later in the evening for a chill night.
They have gotten a little slow on getting gate checked bags to us.
We also make this match the Display Name and Service Name when installing the host.
How is Java's for loop code generated by the compiler How is Java's for loop code generated by the compiler?
Was surprised that they came in lower than other competitors, so definitely check them out.
Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed.
Does configuring django's setting.TIME_ZONE affect datetime.datetime.now()?
\n\nThe only thing I've got to say on the negative side is the crawfish off season are a bit mealy and I have switched to shimp.
Thanks to Radu Motisan for his tutorial.
I passed by this place several times and decided to give it a whirl for lunch.
You could instead create a static only methods class, named e.g StringUtils and implement the methods.
When you call it with SOAP, this response is wrapped within even more XML.
It's Calabria's - what more can you say.
I'm trying to style the first row of a table, which is supposed to serve as a heading-row.
For those who haven't been to Madison, 9 PM is when alcohol sales come to a screeching holt.
This approach works with SOAPUI open source version, whereas the alternative of using SOAPUI assertion steps requires the Pro version.
some wag using to change to something else (unlikely, but possible).
Well, you can create your form in html, give it and id and do it like this:
which is exactly what i did haha.
According to the spec the element cannot contain .
Need to Add time and date info (Time Stamp each frame) Any form of help is much appreciated (code , links, or advice ) thanks in advance
RMagick: Setting opacity on a png that already has transparent elements I need to compose images in rmagick.
The LUA script is getting to this line but the actual redirect never occurs: return 0, {{qtype=pdns.A, content="1.2.3.4"}} The 1.2.3.4 is where I put the actual IP of the PowerDNS server itself.
The food service staff was very accommodating and friendly!
Wonderful place for a great casual meal!
The lighting is soft and pleasing -- great for romantic dinners, but still appropriate for business meals as well.
Open late so best place to stop by and get some delicious snacks.
Derelict2 on Mac OS X 10.7: SDL failing to build I'm trying to build Derelict2 on Lion as per the included installation instructions .
Finally, there are so many eateries here.
The systems reported to me where Android 4.1 (Huawei Phone), Android 4.3 (Galaxy S3) and Android 4.4 (Galaxy Note 2).
They got big TV's and fast service.
How can I make the camera to follow my player properly?
You can use See demo This will match your required numbers and will exclude a -only number thanks to the look-ahead at the beginning.
My client is testing my beta phase Java application on a data that he cannot provide me with (privacy reasons).
Instantiation of my view controller (in AppDelegate): The foreground notification in AppDelegate: The foreground notification in the view controller: I tried creating a strong reference in the AppDelegate, but the view controller still gets deallocated: I tried adding the view controller to an array and have a strong reference to the array in the AppDelegae, but still I get the same results:
Filet Mignon and it was very good.
Unzip your sdk zip somewhere, copy entire contents of tools directory, replace it with your actual sdk tools folder contents.
(I notice details.)\n\nIt was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night.
You can drink to your delight a pint-sized sampling of a couple hundred *different* beers to claim your own fame-plate on the wall.
\nTuna & Kiwi began with crispy dried nori (seaweed) topped with an ample amount of fluffy sushi rice.
The method it does this should have no consequence on web applications as it's internal to the browser.
I used a moderate dollop of tartar sauce on my sandwich, which was great, but I'm sure the sandwich would have stood up fine without it, too.
This is my code so far.
I had a horrible flight into Charlotte and I havent had sleep in over 26 hours.
when i looking at the code [view source on chrome] and try to see the code on the javascript file and the jquery 1, i get an error The request filtering module is configured to deny a request that contains a double escape sequence.
Just use It will display information about your variable in a way that's readable by humans.
If my answer is useful, please accept the answer.
Why does a lazy-loaded QWidget get displayed but a stored one does not?
The tuple part that you are looking for is actually a map .
For this December visit, they did gingerbread cookies (of course).
I like the decor and ambiance.
It works fine for file names that don't contain that many foreign characters (such as paranthesis).
Switch between a headed and headless server when integration testing with capybara Let's say I have web-rat and selenium installed.
The most fan and kid friendly stadium as well as the safest.
With cocoapods installed, take the following steps: Open a terminal window, and $ cd into your project directory (cd ~/Path/To/Folder/Containing/your/app) Create a Podfile by running $ pod init Open the podfile (open -a Xcode Podfile) and add the podline and save the file, for example: pod 'AFNetworking', '~> 3.0' Run $ pod install in your project directory Open App.xcworkspace Please find a more extended guide here Hope this helps!
The experience would've made me give the location a worse rating, but one bad experience hasn't outweighed the countless positives: good meals, solid service (especially at the bar), and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.\n\nThe only other knock on this location - and it applies to every PF Chang's I've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time.
However, Reading through the Wordpress docs, they say a page cannot be a post or associated with categories.
Try to google this to see some examples.
It was so freaking rubbery and tough and chewy...
Logging to problems log in eclipse I am using above code for Logging in eclipse problems log.
For example: In asp.net mvc controller In the test But I have to seed data for the test first.
See this on how to do it.
\nSadly the decor to me says something more like Fullerton and Clark.
It simply calls behind the scenes.
I figured that perhaps the mascarpone cut that flavor, and that everyone was raving over it because it tasted better than I remembered goat cheese tasting.
I stop by anytime I'm in town.
If you think about the overall operation that you are trying to perform, it is really just a Wipe-and-Replace based on what you are passing in.
If I run this app on Acer Tablet B1-770 on Andoid 5.0.1 happen following: If I click (or touch) in the edit control the app crashes.
It has a very laid-back atmosphere, with your combination of students and working adults.
I think the prices are reasonable as this most recent time I bought 2 blocks of Buffalo Cheddar, 2 bags of cheese curds, a small tub of bacon cheddar spread and 6 pack bottles of Spotted Cow for only $20plus.\n\nService is super friendly.
I want to parse those logs and feed the results into a map of structs so that I can organize the data into helpful information.
There are different ways to start an activity and fragment.
This is a great place with good products that serves and caters to everyone.
The Windows Kernel provides thread-less IO operations.
It merges identical functions into a single instance.
Try exchanging with By defining _breadcrumb within the model class you can clean it up like this: For more complex hierachies I recomend django-treebeard
Java: wait for exec process till it exits Hi I am running a java program in windows that collects log from windows events.
all I get is PAGE CANNOT BE DISPLAYED.
The jalapeno steak wrap is so good I have a hard time straying from that.
In java.time, an is a moment on the timeline in UTC.
Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.
I would highly recommend a smoothie, they are great.
Love the Uptown area Y's...especially the Dowd.
The food is still \""bar\"" food but it's quality, tasty and made fresh to order.
Naming conventions would of actually prevented this but anyway.
Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.\n\nTheir fried noodle dish with chicken, whose name I have forgotten, is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.
So based on my preferences, this pizza really does it for me.
The selections here are good, the meats aren't bad (though they have far fewer local selections than they should), and the beer corner is just awesome.
It takes me about 15 minutes to get the disgusting amount of syrup I want atop my fluffy pancakes.
They were cooked al dente with a light tomato sauce covered with mozzarella.
I want to write a little component which shows me on which control mouse is currently over.
Did I say McSorely's and Colman's w/malt vinegar?
The staff did a great job with refills and making the 4 kids in our group comfortable.
I just have some hyperlinks embedded in none rectangular images and i think it looks ugly.
However, this was why the meal was a pleasant surprise, as the Collard Greens were seasoned excellently.
The Hot and Sour soup was good (we split it).
We were taken on a \""tour\"" of the city, D&D was on that list.
Though busy for a wedding, they said they had open rooms on the top floor and were happy to move me \""for a better view.\"" Well done!
usage: outputs the entire line into a file named the same as the value of the second CSV column in the current directory, assuming no quoted fields etc.
Wanted to go local and have a meal that I wouldn't get up in NJ.
Then, all of a sudden, their quality and consistency of cooking went up significantly.
If you are sure your json is well formatted just add : before instruction
Should have put the elastic band in the jeans before coming to Nakato...good lord!
If you are just doing something simple like displaying the information on a webpage, then client side is preferable.
Now are users going to see their specific data or will the be the same for all users?
If I can take my fork and push the meat into collapse and have a good sauce to go with, I'm all yours!
I sat down to eat at the bar.
(The restaurant did, however, fill up within a half hour).\n\nThe highlights in my eyes:\n*great beer selection!\n*fried pickles!
\nThe food here is pretty good.
This pizza is unlike any you've had before but if you like pizza it is a must have.
Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated
I have a group id, how do i send a request to group's admin to join this group using FB sdk?
plot matlab function handle that outputs vector So I have a matlab function I wrote that takes in a number and returns an array of numbers (transposed).
As an example, let's say my bootstrap.less file looks like this: My Generic Widgets styles have some styles that can be used and overriden all over the site and in the home page container I do just that and it works fine, however for some reason I am having to use !important to override any styles which isn't really a great thing to do imo.
\n\nThere were two scone choices of blueberry/peach and lemon/lemon ginger.
But "register:newsMoreLink" produces a strange link if I use this on "append.data".
How to disable the dropdownlist in DetailView depending on the date?
How to get a password encrypted since the Java Script file in my web application?
The rotate their menu every month, although they do have some bread they offer every day.
It's like an if statement; if there's already a line, add a comma onto the end of it, else don't do anything.
Best way to fetch multiple variables from MySQL Database using PDO Okai, so I am trying to fetch multiple variables from the MySQL Database using PDO and I feel that I have to repeat myself alot in the code.
I got a nice healthy side of steamed cauliflower and broccoli (like it mattered at this point), and was able to eat 3/4 of the burger and all my veggies!!\n\nMy only disappointment regarding the place was that they did not have dessert on the menu!!
Convert your month and year columns to strings concatenated with '-'s and add '-01' to the end.
Food is great service is good.
But when we get them, they are lovely too.
I will definitely be returning for brunch!
The problem with the code above is that this takes around 30 sec to execute.
I liked that they have pictures of their regulars on the wall and comfortable seating areas.
From my understanding of exceptions (as limited as it is) this wouldn't work as the exception operation needs to have already been defined before it is raised.
Admittedly, I'm a hard sell with Caesar as I prefer to make it myself.
In the end, we ended up having to put our cat to sleep.
Also the egg roll isn't greasy but always crispy and fresh so I highly recommend.\n\nWe usually order the chicken with garlic sauce and a beef dish and haven't been disappointed.
I have been through the android dev stuff and androidhive and through similar posts here dealing with populating a listview with an arraylist in a new activity and I just cant seem to get this to work.
\n\nAmbiance was contemporary, intimate, and cozy.
Also, I noticed that everything works okay if I add "Users" to the permissions for the folders containing the website, but I don't see why this should be necessary.
I highly recommend taking full advantage of this coop, it's much more than a grocery store.
EDIT: I liked R3uk's way of finding the last used column better than mine, used his technique for (we learn every day :-) )
No need to join, use function to track previous.
One of those great old-school diners that knows how to make a good meal and make you feel at home.
My wife and I have been here twice and have loved it each time!
Where M4 is the SHA of the commit M4.
From gems and incense, to books and art.
I always have connecting flights here.
Very convenient and easy to use.
Although we weren't a regular customer, he worked Sunday night (he wasn't supposed to be open) so we could get on our way Monday morning.
The service was great.\n All in all it was an amazing experience.
Comprehensions are an excellent way of writing code because the tend to be very clear descriptions of what you mean to do.
With appetizers, Thai iced tea, and two entrees, my girlfriend and I paid about $30.\n\nI highly recommend the cold chicken and sprout salad.
Most of the times it works fine but sometimes I get this annoying error on i use on my project.
This thrift store has a truly community friendly atmosphere.
\n\nWith great prices and very nice associates I am definitely going to be back!
I recommend that dish between beers 2 and 3, just to keep your beer to food ratio in balance.
I've read this several times and it's not clear to me what's going on with the TIME_ZONE setting.
Settled on an Uno express and it was tasty enough.
you haven't experienced pittsburgh until you've had a hot dog and a beer at d's.if you go on thursday nights the typically have a different brewery featured where they'll have 5 or 6 of their beers on tap
I really couldn't tell if it was over or underdone.\n\nSo that last payoff, combined with the waiter's never-ending push to inflate the bill with dining accoutrements, were the only demerits from an otherwise exceptional meal!
They will kick your ass.\n\nThis is one of the only bars in the city where I will walk in and just tell the bartender to make whatever whiskey drink he feels like making.
I've read that Perl support that kind of patterns.
This might not be necessary for you but I usually do for consistency.
Changes include: Returning as early as possible.
Now I have directory in my project and in it.
Time for 10 quadrillion calculations would mean, 10 quadrillion/1 billion So calculate it through and you will find that it will take approximetly 115 days to complete But this is all theoretical
What I am seeing is that the numberOfRowsInComponent is being called twice?
Quesadilla for me and a burger for my husband.
Don't go hungry (or do ;) Very reasonable prices.
They have updated their menus so that the good stuff can be read in English now.
Thank you todd so very much as soon as I get my new hot rod its your to fix!
I actually quite like the people who work at this location.
\n\nService was great, if a little slow towards the end.
I figured people must like them.
This is the best location and most reliable location to get your details answered and business taken care of in the Charlotte area when it comes to H&R Block
I haven't had a bad experience with their food and you can always give everything a taste before having the clerk put it in a container.
\n\nIf you have time, grab an ice cream at the bait shop a couple of doors down, and wander over to the lake.
Palm has been on my list for quite some time and C and I finally pulled the trigger last night.
Instead of using $.getJSON, you can use $.ajax and set the cache option to false.
My biggest issue with it is that sometimes you're returning a list, and sometimes you're returning an object.
You can put breakpoints also to check that you are getting data or not.
We are currently evaluating the best way to alleviate this issue.
How to select some urls with BeautifulSoup?
\n\nSo, yes, I can honestly say that I kinda like this airport.
How about adding one extra decimal that is to be rounded and then discarded:
A limit value larger than the size of the input buffer will cause a new buffer to be allocated whose size is no smaller than limit.
\n\nIf I'm ever looking for something particular, Jessie Brown's always has it or at least something comparable.
How do I get a list of all his books?
It needs to wrap according to the current size of the form.
Background color of tr is not changing using jquery I would like to change the background olor of a tr while clicking on its child td.I cant add to tr since it is dynamically generating from a gridview control of asp.net after rendering.
Seeing what's happening with (in which the "broker" link shows nothing) But none happened to work =/ My output: Is there anything wrong above?
For me, it has had no effect either way.
And all the complaining about the smoke...get used to it.
\n\nTwo Citipass coupons--one for a free loaf, the other is for BOGO sandwich.
She brought me back that best Ribeye I have had in a very long time.
They seem to run out of smaller sizes quickly though.
The Problem has to do with the Perl source itself.
developing for modularity & reusability: how to handle While True loops?
So after the encouragement of many of my friends I decided to gave this place another try.
\n\nBut that is only the beginning!
I think you're going to have to handle the quotes after you get the token back because in the method , the regex is used to test the next token, not to determine the next token.
For a full comparison, see here: Visual Studio 2008 Editions But as said: Functionality of .net is all in the SDK, Visual Studio is just making it a bit easier to work with.
How can I set a theme for all progress bars that I create in my Project ?
The oysters and the pasta were my favorites and the tomatoes were my least - though, still decent.
IMHO any idiot can make a course tough by making it long.
We had gnocchi with duck; lamb chops; the fish of the day; grilled salmon and the pasta trio.\nThe gnocchi with the duck was outstanding.
NestedScrollView inside CoordinatorLayout don't have smooth scroll I have some trouble trying to do a Smooth scrolling using a NestedScrollView inside a CoordinatorLayout.
Single doesn't create a line break instead, requires two I am working on a Wordpress theme and have been using Bootstrap a bit.
I want to be able to process the strings in these field such that URLs like , , , , are all accepted.
(I don't have any if statements and whatnot to take into account the other classes the user might have chosen.) Here's a photo of what I'm trying to do for my program.
However, most of them have additional script calculation at runtime (if the height of the text container is changing) which can mess with the business logic.
can be sent as a uniform that would be slowly changing from the over the time.
Remove the following line altogether: Because your servlet has set it as a request attribute, the object is already in EL available by .
Meander throughout and try to get lost.
However if you are a developer working on it frequently once you are get used to you, you will do it even if its not worth to do so :) I vote for you to go for file system storage for files and not database.
Use umdh.exe The user-mode dump heap (UMDH) utility works with the operating system to analyze Windows heap allocations for a specific process.
that second way is also way clearer.
It seems that the behavior of changed from iOS 8.4 to 9.0.
The log is as follows: ASSERT: "*node == e || (*node)->next" in file /usr/local/Trolltech/QtopiaCore-4.3.3-400wrl/include/QtCore/qhash.h, line 824 Segmentation fault Can anybody help me in this?
I would not mind it ordering it in this way but its the "equal" bit i just can't seem to solve without making it unbalanced.
\n\nNo, that's not a list of all the same thing- they have done each individually over the years.\n\nThe indoor climbing area includes:\n\n1.
I haven't changed anything on the system or on firefox config.
MS Identity and Access Tool MVC 4 This VS 2012 extension is meant to allow me to add a local Development STS to my MVC application I follow the very simple instructions e.g.
I access the login form via the URL star Controller On form submit, I'm posting to the process_login Controller.
We had to visit Charlotte's best cajun joint before we headed home to NYC.
Some peeps don't know the Difference.
I found but it doesn't work in the API 3.
I run my MVC 4 application and it redirects immediately to login.aspx I'm guessing there are special instructions for MVC 4.
I can receive the data and answer directly from the client if needed.
Stopped by for a late meal on a Thursday night and the place was quite lively, but there were still a few tables open.
The sandwich bread is two thick slices of soft, white italian bread.
A regular does me just fine, but for those of a more carnivorous nature, they also have their Ultra menu which gives you double the meat if not more.
I wish I could get it shipped here to NJ!
Technically, by the numbers, it is a \""no-kill\"" shelter, because it is open door people will often call it a \""kill shelter.\"" Yes, sometimes an animal does have to be euthanized.
He was the funniest morning DJ ever to work in Charlotte, a legend, really.
I have a project in mind where I want users to record speech in a browser.
Now I've had guacamole from other restaurants and I've never had it turn colors on me, so I'm not sure if this was chilled before I got it or not, but I know I will not order that again.
I hosted a bachelorette party for my sister at this location and overall everything was wonderful.
This right here is what I'm talking about.
if you need to validate decimal with dots, commas, positives and negatives try this: Good luck.
In your first example, the path started at 125,275 and was at 125,275 again, before closing.
For binary and grayscale images, the above solution should work fine.
downloaded the zip file and opened it in the android studio.
Check redis.conf, you can configure how many times Redis will fsync() data on disk.
They have hummus and different kinds of olives by the pound, and a huge selection of turkish and arab foods.
Let's see what actually (i + 7) % 10 do: As you can see there's definitely quite obvious pattern.
Even though he was very busy, he always just checked in to see how we were doing.
RectMVMatrix[4][4] = { 1.01, 0, 0, 2, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1 };// 2 pixels translation and 1.01 units scaling after first frame This RectMVMatrix is used for mytranslate() in 2nd frame.
Pumpernickel raisin rolls are my favorite, the ciabatta is awesome...salt sticks too.
This isn't to say that the staff didn't do the best they could during that night - in fact the poor girl who handled my table was very clearly doing her best to rush from table to table without dropping anything.
I am developing Asp.net application, in which i need to use sqlite as database, i tried to add reference to 64 bit dll file System.Data.SQlite file.
They have a nice happy hour M-F as well.
And, for that, I'm giving this place 4 stars.
Our server was also very attentive, she made sure our drinks were filled and checked up on us often.
They have this dish called the diner stack....wow\n\nhashbrowns, two eggs, sausage patty, and gravy....all on top of each other.
Is there any alternative way to remove those sets?
If you have any questions they're happy to help and if you're looking for suggestions they usually have a good one!
I ended up establishing a totally opaque div with top:0 left:0 and visible bottom and right borders.
we started our meal with spring rolls.
Note: the data in the form you have it decodes to an array of objects, with just one object, so you need to provide an array subscript: See this fiddle 2nd Note: the data as you have posted it has embedded newlines which caused a problem with .
Try this instead: However, if is an , this is probably what you need:
Multiple images appear on hover I have been searching the net for a solution to my problem.
Is this expected behaviour, or should I report this as a .NET bug?
This is my daily coffee stop.
Their steaks are super tender and the server always ask you to cut your steak to make sure its cook the way you asked.
the correct approach is to use the property of the Comparing two datetimes by month or if your Datetime is a nullable so a correct linq query would be for example Hope it helps.
At my first visit we talked about my hair, what issues I have, and she promised to research various solutions to provide me with awesome hair.
After gathering more information I came accross an interesting architecture (I have found the idea on reddit but could not retrieve the url).
The code I've written is: The error it gives me is that it cannot sort something of the type None.
If you do it this way you can add Commands without having to add code as well.
Always have been a fan of Showmars but never tried the breakfast there.
The staff is friendly and fairly formal, but not over-the-top.
You can do reference counting, but you have to up and down the reference counts yourself, which is very error prone -- the reason smart pointers were added to C++ in the first place), and the lack of RAII generally which you will notice everywhere if you are used to the modern style of C++ programming.
Because they depend on how the route table is configured in each individual router or device it pass through from source to target locations.
I have been going this HT every since it opened, a long time ago.
I am not able to figure out how do I set a cookie on the request before I make the GET.
I'll just show the filtered index: Another way to deal with keeping WorkOrders straight is to include a WorkOrder type column in WorkOrder (e.g.
You cannot use aggregate functions after clause because it makes no sense, whereas is usable.
I went to this location tonight and ordered food.
Leaflet map in ionic/angular map displays grey tiles I'm working on a mapping app using ionic and leaflet.
HTML I hope you understand what I mean.
If you are there on a busier night (which sometimes can be every night) head upstairs if you can.
If I could do another one (since I'm married I don't think that's proper).
The potato pancakes topped with homemade applesauce and some sour cream were just...
Is there a way to get Mysql to make the unique ID generate with letters and numbers?
\n\nChina Palace features a full bar, but since I'm a diabetic, I usually stick to my tea.
Go to your module or extension folder then /Block/Adminhtml/Blog/Grid.php.
It's $22 and you may have to roll yourself out after.
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone whose in a hurry.
I'll be back for the half-priced wine!
Internally, it forks() another process, that calls exec() to run your batch file and the original process waits.
I am troubleshooting the background colour of a , and changes just weren't appearing on the device I was testing on via USB.
Forgive me if this is a stupid question.
ionic2 - change font attribute of .loadcontent I am using to manage the loading page.
there's a cash machine right next to the pool table.
The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot.
Casbah has exceeded it's sky high expectations and made me a believer!
Then the cashier said he liked my Obama button.
I need the continue button to open a new frame with writing, widgets...etc on it.
Very nice restaurant, clean, fun decor.
When the cook came out, he said \""I just love to cook\"" so there's love that goes into this food.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a good burger.
I do recommend getting the \""fast lane plus\"" option as the lines were an average of 1 hour each.
HIPAA ?) I don't know much about 1&amp;1, but "where" may also be an issue(?) - where are the servers (of 1&amp;1) physically located?
I'm already looking forward to going back here.
Content scripts have a parameter , which indicates when (relative to page loading) they execute.
Basically, you need to create your circle first and some sample text, then create a set of "imaginary" floating div's to give your text guidelines to not exceed and automatically wrap to the next line.
In the West Coast, it's glazed with coconut and its supposed to be sweet, but in this restaurant, its salty and does not have any coconut flavor, so I don't order it anymore.
\n\ni agree with a previous reviewer, it's beautiful, high quality food and service...
The room was nice and the breakfast buffet was good but didn't include made to order omelets.
I'm OK with the browser limitation.
When I leave the controller with it's view I DO NOT remove the observer (intentionally) in .
I'm not sure I get you right, but if I do, something like that seems to do the trick: it should give you all calls between start and end tick of given log entry if you need to filter it additionally by the same InstanceGUID, then: note that given your sample data, you'll always get only the item with provided CallGuild - because all of the rows have different InstanceGUIDs...
Your final decision depends on your personal preferences - you pick a technology that you understand better.
I recommend the grilled chicken pita for lunch!
Delete your cookies after this occurs.
Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich.
I would like to be able to write some part of code (google maps functions, etc) which will be common for both of that libraries.
For this end, there's a number of options, one of which is the already mentioned function .
I put it in a PHP file.
We have been dining here since 2008.
There is a visualizer for it in Visual Studio.
Yes, it is possible to do so.
Since you are using version 23 of the support library, you need to compile against version 23 of the Android SDK.
I would go back for the food, but the server we had put it over the top for me.
There is a HD flat screen TV in the room and a dock for your iPod but missing was a mini-bar which I thought was a standard in Marriott rooms.
We all enjoyed all of our food as well.
Sending an upstream message from client to gcm in the hope that it establishes connection.
I would definitely recommend Sonny's to everyone!
Our server was personable, knowledgeable of the menu&gave good recommendations.
until some sad tragedy, a bullet, a car moving too quickly - cut short their majestic reign.
How to share the page to facebook / twitter with different language?
After reading all the great yelp reviews, I took my family, including my out of town mom, for lunch on a Saturday and was not disappointed.
We had BBQ pork, beef, and turkey along with sides.
I tried binding the content to the model and then removing the model but that will still leave the actual pasted content in the event object so it's not a solution.
Load site in iframe on http site We want to load a page of our platform into an iframe on a client site.
This seems to be more related to the way I was including Espresso than it is a Dagger issue...
\n\nKimmie worked wonders and moved rather quickly.
is not a valid option, and in fact your crash report doesn't even contain that.
I'd like to get more than that (like 5000-10000).
Java error Native Library already loaded in another classloader I'm using the java bonjour library (dns_sd.jar) in a web application running in Jboss web server.
Every time we have ordered take out from here, it's been great.
Where are these strings then stored?
When my system receives a datum, page visitor data in your example, it streams it directly to BQ .
Of course, if your platform support array's this is a super simple task.
Pretty good deal for around $6.\n\nIf you are in the area I recommend the Nitty Gritty.
tasted a little bland to me IMO.
I've tried This attempt included the escaping backslashes to no avail.
I'm trying to run it so an item is selected and then deposit amounts are chosen on the select menu until the proper amount is equaled or exceeded, resulting in change, but I cant seem to get my if statements to work properly.
Today I found an event in the Entity Framework that seems to be what I am looking for.
Room was very nice, clean, and the soap, shampoo, and conditioner dispenser in the shower was pretty cool.
Your glob for your watch seems to be wrong.
You can use standard SOAP web services, which is more of a procedural point of view.
Certainly a diamond in the rough for those who have not tried it.
\nAt the table behind us, a prim blond let out a squelch of a cry, half-stood, leaned forward, grabbed her man behind his fuzzy dark ears, and kissed him hard on the mouth.
The dining room is TINY to say the least and you obviously must have a reservation.
This was maybe the worst part, but everything else was good.
This is my first time working with Redis so it is kinda new to me.
You're referencing the root of the XML document, that's why only the data from the first element is being read.
I like the Laguanitas and the Karben4 selections.
With flat product enabled, you'd better use You will be able to retrieve disabled and enabled products.
I ran a little test (bottom) to see if nested objects could be serialized and they can!
Love to eat here every time we Re in the South park area around breakfast time
Try/except is another option I thought about, but still haven't figured out how to implement it in correctly.
Or should I go ahead and write my own tool to do this.
You cannot overload functions in C, but you can organize your code to make it optimal.
If it's lower than 4.0 then all of the pre-4.0 methods will be stripped out by the compiler (since they won't be available on the devices you're planning to deploy to).
Update If you are just looking to get back a of sorted by without regard to the parent/child relationship within then you don't need a .
But this doesn't make any difference.
I guess it's just escaping the line break?
I'm now on a mission to find some of these in Chicago.
Cheese cheese and more cheese please.
The guacamole that came with it was fresh and tasty.
I need a way to read the bitcode files in the compiler in order to access the type information.
Your two larger SELECTS (the first 2) are returning 12 items.
The process is active, but no file appears and there is no activity: If I use and the process runs fine, a 15GB image is produced and can be imported, however I lose all the ENV and CMD metadata.
I dont make a trip to Pittsburgh with out stopping by Betos.
If i put this through: it works fine.
We both felt that Dr M and his staff were very professional, helpful, and friendly.
Extjs store find all Documentation of find method says: Finds the index of the first matching Record in this store by a specific field value.
I have the following validation script that works fine, but I don't understand how it works and need your help with it.
Due to the comment of @ArnaudDenoyelle a version using .
Could these two operations be combined into one?
The Flying Saucer offers great beer, great food, and good service.
Moreover, Apple is pushing developers to start using incremental auto-backups of files, it would therefore be very surprising if they forbade that in the App Store, wouldn't it?
You can either use a 3D array: Or use a 2D array of ints.
There are any constructor with wait+timeout?
This way you can have a dictionary of object with keys as you want.
Instead of or you could name it just .
The deserts are adequate, though not a highlight.
So quite obvious when you close Runner it will close the inbuilt server connection as well.
Maybe I risk running out of stack space if I load large arrays in this way?
Our last server was great and allowed us to tweak anything we wanted in terms of substitutions and omissions.\n\nWhat I love best about the place is that dinner is an experience and you get to relax and enjoy the large variety of food in your own personal little section.\n\nThe prices are very high, so we do not go here much, but this is a staple for restaurant week.
I love that it isn't just the regular brown house made goop that most BBQ joints serve.
The mapping from "0", "1", "2" to the actual section header is then done in .
There's not a dedicated bartender, and the drinks are made by the servers who are already too busy.
Great location and a good price!
Make a directory on external / internal storage for your application images.
This will iterate over each object in the array and alert each key, value pair...
A few weeks ago I developed a small program in Java.
LEVINE MUSEUM OF THE NEW SOUTH\nWhen you're in Charlotte, North Carolina, make sure you stop by the Levine Museum of the New South.
I ate a taco here in the snow.
2.5 stars if judged solely on the menu.
Another restricting factor to note: The header in which the function guard mechanism is currently implemented is included through a precompiled header.
The patio had plenty of space to spread out (I was toting luggage and a computer) and they checked up on me just the right amount of times.
Many friendly regulars walked in while I was there.
Pet agreement must be signed at check in.
I haven't been to Carowinds in years.
Okay, the food isn't wonderful -- but, it's pretty good AND it's cheap!
Their sweet potato fries are served with a side of brown sugar honey butter dipping sauce that I wish I could make at home.
And the weight area is lively, but not super busy.
They were playing the Hawks game on the tvs and any bar playing the Hawks is a bar of mine!
The only downside is that they do command a good price, but then you get what you pay for, right?
If you eat as described above you will be closing in on 3 bills, pre-tip.
Can I estimate this up front?
The room was very modern and their electronics were up to date including the ipod deck and the mini bar.
Our server made a good recommendation for my son since there was no kid's menu.
} So how would i keep a track off all the letters that are entered by the user?
Tab Bar Controller Alright, so for about a few days now, I'm stuck on this problem.
I use this one specifically for boarding and spa services for my Golden and they know us by name though it might have been a few months since the last visit.
\n\nAlcohol is offered, wine and beer galore.
Egg rolls filled with collards and black eyed peas and roasted veggies are on my list of things to try next time.
Other wise it will return 0 which is True.
however, these booths were GOOD.\n\nthis place gets such high marks because\n1) there is little, if any, junk.
It took me months to really get listener methods and context in the parse tree.
It's crashing because you have not initialized Sport *one; and you're attempting to call methods on a null pointer.
Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts.
We've figured out where all the hipsters go on the weekend for brunch!\n\nReally excellent french toast, just like my dad used to make.
Here is the code: I have datagridview with propertyName of columns like name in header table of sqlite.
Being a city girl who has tried about a million Mexican places, granted I was drunk and it was 3am for most of those experiences, I didn't know what to expect from central Illinois.
The wine was delicious, had two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc, and ordered 4 rolls to share.
I had something to celebrate and hadn't been able to eat meat since watching a food documentary a few weeks prior, so Monty's seemed like the appropriate celebratory location.
How to parse milliseconds using Data.Time in Haskell I have a formatted time strings from a log file of the form "08:14:59,012" and I would like to parse them as UTCTime (to be able to make some time difference and comparison operations).
Yes, if you really want / need to do it you can use PowerMock.
Use the same genre array that backs the genre tables as the data source for the modal table.
Here are some of the reasons why...\n\nThe parking was easier and cheaper.
CVS Pharmacy is your basic drug store.
Stopped in without a reservation around 7 pm.
The Monday night \""Pint Night\"" was and is the greatest time to go.
If you really want to use IntentService to manage your intent queue then you will need to do your location handling on its own thread, and join the IntentService thread to the location thread whilst it is waiting for the location callback.
Both codes will function in a similar way.
My husband and I frequented this place 1-2x a week and often ate at the bar.
Love this place, totally low-key bar where you just sit, have a few beers and talk with friends.
Stopped in here while passing through Pittsburgh without knowing anything about the city or this establishment.
check the entries in the solr.xml file.
This code coverage tool is purely for Java programs.
They also create an appearance of things are slower here, you don't need to rush to your gate, just take a seat and relax.
My wife and I shared the greens salad and the Mediterranean mixer plate and both were very good.
You cannot go wrong with Geno Como!!!
I rarely receive the opportunity to go out for drinks after shows because some of my friends who I attend shows with tire out early (lame) or don't really go to bars ever (even lamer), so I was excited to finally have the opportunity to imbibe a few in a classy setting downtown.\n\nGiven that it was my birthday, I knew exactly what I wanted drink-wise, thanks to Rachel C.'s review: the cake batter martini!
The problem is that once I do a mouse over into my movie clip "button", it enters a new loop again and again.
This is what I have tried and in fact achieved what I want ..
What amazed me just as much was the beatuiful theatre the performance was shown in.\n\nBuilt in 1927, the Benedum Center is awe-inspiring and magical.
If you want to send a parameter to another page, then you need to set the url and query string in the href tag of an a tag.
Only our conscious willpower has kept us away, and there aren't a lot of places that have left me feeling that way, so kudos to Page Dairy Mart and their staff!
For the type representing the data item, you'd need to create a , in which you can put any custom logic you need.
\n\nAnother time I remarked that they had most of the chocolates from one particular company, but not specific one I had grown up loving...
Would anyone be able to help?
Sometimes you have to wait for a table despite your reservation.
Ask for extra old bay if you like it spicy and salty - yum!
We took that as a signal, meaning, \""Come on down.
I personally enjoy the bo cinnamon biscuits or sausage and cheese biscuits for breakfast and for lunch definitely the chicken supreme combo.
It is grunge city in the middle of the ghetto, which makes it the best place to catch some hardcore rock!
Practically, your app needs to subscribe on either notifications or indications of the heart rate characteristic and react to it only when the callbacks happen.
Don't get me wrong, this is not a restaurant that is redefining the culinary scene in the city, but it is a tasty place to enjoy your traditional burger, fries, and drink.\n\nThe atmosphere is total sports bar, but it is not overwhelmingly so.
First time stopping in today and won't be my last.
I've made some design decisions here such as putting the strong typing with the Repositories, not the UOW.
You ignored my name as mentioned above so you know now there is no bias.
I celebrated a bachelorette party here with my girls on a Saturday and basically ANY drink you can think of was $1....ONE DOLLAR!!!
Based on past Yelp reviews, I had two main concerns with dining at Umi: the expense and the small portion sizes.
Also, have to mention the awesome produce section, stocked mostly from local farms.
it's the preferred way to install yii
I'm using Chromium browser on Ubuntu, 14.0.835.202.
mysql: grant command denied for user I need help regarding mysql grant command.
Assert that an instance method is called once in the controller I am trying to assert that an instance method is called on a certain controller action once.
As you say, its OK for multiple people to make the changes for leave, as they will do the same thing.
If Tim was out for the day, I was able to speak with David or Marcia, and everyone was on the same page: it felt like I had an entire team dedicated to help me every step of the way.
I just need to add a listener to the button.
using i get the following I understand we can use a simple for loop to get some stuff to display or in this case I used and that will display the value.
Use to get the correct index ordering for the elements in : Then apply that index ordering to any other array:
If someone can access the user's browser history, or snoop his network traffic, then they can find out what the random URL is.
The location is a little iffy, though; the parking lot is too small and the building itself can feel cramped.\n\nAll problems aside, I will keep coming here for the delicious BBQ.
then they sat us down and put roses and 2 glasses of champagne for us.
We were the only customers on a Sunday morning at 1pm until the hungover undergrads rolled in.
I might try something like this: Then in your remote Object result handler:
Although the day I visited, I rode my bike and parked it all day.
Was pretty busy but we were seated right away.
SO I think the is called before the .
This was not the case at the melting pot.
The music band plays upstairs and that is where we were seated.
Since you did not specify if you have a matrix I will assume you have one.
Apache Thrift was designed to communicate with high efficiency.
After a year and a half, I finally decided to brave the daunting task of finding a new salon so I could be back to my blonde alter ego.
node.js return to client waiting for event I'm playing around a bit with the concept of Comet on node.js, but I'm still a bit confused and I'm wondering if anyone here can point me in the right direction.
Then click "Finish Merge" and select the option you want.
I'm a fan of Westin everywhere I travel.
How I can capture her ring back tone sound stream and convert it to array of byte[]?
My parents both got a pasta dish, and there was plenty to share because these plates were packed.
A quick read of the reviews, a tap on the directions button and I was on my way.
After about five minutes of me staring at them the guy asked me if I wanted to try them on, OF COURSE I wanted to try them on.
\n-Restaurant set up/ambiance: Is a bit odd.
I have been there many times and have never been disspointed.
If the method does not return FALSE, the currently iterated item is allowed to pass the filter.
EDIT: For each parameter inside the classes, I retrieve the value using the following method: For instance:
There are four main open-source relational database management systems of note that might be appropriate to this sort of application: Postgresql, MySQL, Firebird and Ingres.
You may refer to this example of another extension, being written to Siddhi .
If you were to check , is still rather than because was a copy.
It's a tight space inside , we went at an off time so we had ample room but I wonder about dinner time how crowded it can be.
You initially choose k random points in your data, and these will have labels from .
If you like sushi they have a great sushi chef on site, they also have a teppanyaki (not table side though).
There are no tutorials on right now.
What works well (and what doesn't)?
You grab your drink while waiting in line to place an order, then you order at the counter.
You can taste the stale.\n\nEven so, it's a diner.
It was delivered within a 1/2 an hour.
vegetable tempora, a seaweed salad, miso soup, a small salad, a shrimp dumpling, a pork dumpling, and an egg roll.
Chrome Extension - Run content script only when button is clicked I've had a good look, but I can't seem to find and answer to this question (well, one that works for me anyway).
If you want much nicer quality food in a nice atmosphere with excellent service, come here.
NSString had a uppercaseString and lowercaseString methods you can use.
The price for this meal was over our normal expectations, even for Charlotte.
If you don't have a reservation and/or come later in the evening, it's difficult to get seats.
For my machine it's always around 8 (quad core cpu).
But these templates only cover the area of the text itself, not the whole header and template area.
Because your program will not find perl in GIT's directory, and will try to find it somewhere else, and since your have the latest version of Perl in PATH, it will find it and everything will workout.
Oh, this place is BYOB in terms of alcohol.
Thank you all for reading through my confusion.
While loop with assignment operator I can't seem to figure out how this loop works in PHP: It seems as though the loop would just keep going, infinitely.
In your case if you provide data like it will work: I have checked this and found it works.
Compilation is slowed down a bit because of the way that CodeContracts work.
Too bad I live 6 hours away or I'd go there everyday.
Rails db query uniq column value and max value I need to query db unique values and maximum value of another column.
I flew through the airport twice in one weekend, once in the early morning, once in the late evening.
Did you try define connection strings with datasource parameter and indication on .sdf file?
The basic idea is: Update The problem appears to be that doesn't supply a , so you need some other way to get the length.
If you can handle the spice do try the basil beef too!
An (8-bit) signed cannot hold the value 135 so it is converted in an implementation-defined way 2) .
Given your image, you can target this with pure CSS: etc.
This code can be used as a starting point for any value object in a system, remove the stuff you don't need, add stuff you want.
Plus developing with these means you can rather quickly move to mod_perl once you have prototyped your code giving you a quick transition to Apache's embedded perl environment.
Example: As it stands your hyperlinks go to your , which gives that same value to the super, thus never agreeing with .
The easiest fix in this case is to change to , e.g.
The full method is pasted below.
That isn't to say that the entrees aren't also amazing, but this will help you have an idea of what you like best here and pick entrees that suit your tastes.
I'm from the East Coast so I might not have the most reliable comprehension of what the best fried chicken is but it was ridiculously good.
query.findInBackground (Popped onto background thread) return studentList (so yes, by the time you get here, studentList will probably be null).
Does DBCursor.getServerAddress work as I expect?
The baggage claim area in particular smells like a bar of expensive soap.
The other rule is that after the compiler has converted your initialization to it is then allowed to transform it to .
I went here for a college alumni gathering on a Saturday, during the Three Rivers Art Fest.
The tables were very close together...we had to cram ourselves into our table, which is less than favorable (In fact, upon exiting, my husband managed to slide the tablecloth and silverware off the table with his butt).\n\nI ordered a half rack of pork ribs, which seemed at bit expensive to me at $14 until they arrived at the table.
There really aren't a lot of choices to get an oil change on the weekend.
I could have gotten a Five-Aught had I wanted to go that short -- TOO COLD!
I have to click twice on a button to make the page disappear.
\n\nI'd definitely go back -- when I've saved some more pennies.
add(a,b) and a.add(b) how can i transform a method (that performs a+b and returns the result) from add(a,b) to a.add(b)?
One of his specialties is the Black Eyed Susan.
I made the decision to go with a half order and should have gone with the full.
Ill update this answer if I find something.
This code should return the numbers you're looking for.
How to set a NSView hidden with FadeOut animation in cocoa?
The place is surprisingly clean and bright for a laundromat.\n\nAs Zoe mentioned the prices are very reasonable and you won't find a cleaner place anywhere near Shadyside.
Our table was ready in less than 10 minutes.\n\nWe were sat at the table just outside the kitchen, which is a pretty ideal place to be.
"These pattern match variables are scalars and, as such, will only hold a single value.
It doesn't need to emulate common case.
It's the reason we chose to move to ShadySide.
There aren't many across the country.
Our regular stop to and from Raleigh.
And THAT is exactly what I love.\n\nOh...but good food counts too.
Does anyone have any idea how to customize the php page so that the user can see a feedback of what he has already filled in?
It's a standard French roll with a standard amount of fillings BUT the flavors are admittedly some of the best I've ever had.
For detecting CTRL + F: where 'event' is of course a KeyBoardEvent.
Multiple matches for syntax highlighting in VIM I'm writing a syntax file to match a log format (basically column based; think syslog for a similar example), and I'm trying to set up a type of inheritance for columns.
First time we went we had a server who was in training and of course we understood if she would make mistakes.
Another implementation, without extending your datastructure: SOmething like C++ std::set&lt;> Another problem: Are you sure that all nodes can be reached, when you start from A?
They offer dishes like salmon omlettes, salmon eggs Benedict, etc.
Lets say you have a list with students That list could be sorted by using something similar to this:
The code that I wrote in NASM looks like this: My main question is, am I doing something wrong in my assembly program that is causing this error and if so, how do I fix this?
We have seen there is an OnCompletion handler but are not sure whether that would be of use to us.
Creating a table with fields in Valentina Studio with a primary key 'id'.
I ordered the steak and cheese and he ordered the meatball sub.
Fried tomatoes great, hot - roumelade tasty.
They had rum tastings going on that day (I mean, who turns down a chance to try free booze??), so I tried some of the rum varieties they had out.
There is no server-side scripting engine with which to process information and render content.
\n\nOne thing to note, I was there on Sunday, which neither the gallery or Shop should have been open on, so I'm not sure what was going on that day.
When it spot the choosen control it should fire the messaage (for example).
Check out the guide here for more information
My table has two columns, and .
He was very happy with the service and the price.
The first course of action is using to check, what's actually supported.
I kind of got thrown into the deep end with Java and ANTLR back in June, so I definitely have some knowledge gaps.
Just head a bit more east.
If I click a mouse, It goes to queue as Message.
\nTip 4: I'm a big fan of capicola (with egg) and the colossal fish.
so when you will try to relaunch crash must be recorded in logCat if still have any issue, install logcat app from market and refer it for logs.
Any suggestion or help is appreciated.Thank You.
The place had a wide variety of shops in the concourse for travellers passing by to their next destination.
Try this: Mess around with the padding and see if it effects the size when active.
In that case, use another language with easier string semantics to do the operation.
(Because when you install the PHP package some distributions do some auto-configuring with Apache).
I can use it but as soon as it's done my kernel dies (unexpectedly).
I beleive they purchased the majority of it from Tele Atlas.
I don't get here as often as I like since I'm in the South Hills.
Cocos2d-x 3.1 Following player with scale I'm making an isometric game using cocos2d-x.
Carl's cakes really should have more than 3.5 stars.
You will see an information window with various information Click “details”.
My parents stayed here during a recent visit.
However, if you're really just reading from a simple rest API, you may not find a whole lot of benefit from attempting to reuse the Google client.
The details on the limits are listed at the bottom of this article: The usage is additive in that if you posted 5K rows, then you'd be able to post an addition 5K rows within the hour.
What's the best way to emulate this function?
Their lunch buffet is smaller than India Garden's but slightly more delicious.
Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
But say after picking their files a user wishes to add more files without overwriting the existing files chosen.
I am also using a fragment for my tabbed activity.
Who doesn't like Frugal MacDoogal??!!\nI'm sure everyone has mentioned it already: BRING CASH.
You can compute the disabled property of a comboBox to disable it.
Feel free to play around with the widths of the div's so you can achieve the desired effect.
But while the main entrance is on the opposite side from the ER, the signage through the ground floor hallways between them is excellent.\n\nInside, there was what seemed like a very long wait to be in pain but when you're not bleeding or in immediate danger after your triage, even if you've been brought in by ambulance, then you're still going to wait for the more serious patients.
All of the drinks I have ever had here have been tasty.
Yes, you can; if the variable/parameter you are trying to compare is already populated with data.
Many dishes were served at our house growing up, nary a Pasta Pomodoro among them.
Then add a collection view, make the cell very large.
Your "less than" symbol in your for loop is backwards.
And for coffee roasted on site where you can watch the process, you can't beat it.
\nService is spotty, I do find myself hoping to find the more personable staff working when I go there.
There are several \""experienced\"" gunsmiths on duty every day and if you need something fixed, it can usually be done while you wait.
I had to read your link several times but still don't quite understand how to implement it (or, not implement it) in my case.
Please consider that I know how to get all .jpg amd .gif file names (full path) in the directory.
I could have sworn I've wrote a reveiw on this place since i'm here about every Third weekend.
I haven't done that kind in but you can try perform the second task inside the of the first task.
Was there on vacation with my kids.
class InvoiceEntry(JournalEntry): invoiceID = models.AutoField(primary_key=True, db_column='invoiceID', verbose_name='') journalEntry = models.OneToOneField(JournalEntry, parent_link=True, db_column='gjID') client = models.ForeignKey(Client, db_column='clientID') datePaid = models.DateTimeField(null=True, db_column='datePaid', blank=True, verbose_name='date paid') Where I run into problems is when trying to add an InvoiceEntryItem (which inherits from JournalEntryItem) to an inline related to InvoiceEntry.
annotation information lost in scala 2.12 trait Just updated a scala 2.11 + JavaFX project to 2.12.0-RC1, the code use java annotation intensively, e.g.
Remove join from Hibernate query with OneToOne I have two simple entities with one-to-one mapping: and: To update the mileage I call: And Hibernate query looks like this: What I want is to query Car table only and remove the join operation.
I'm trying to use Passport so when a user logs in in the first app, he is logged in in both apps.
I was quite surprised to find that I enjoyed them.
this is really strange, on both IE and Firefox !!
I've had many suits, pants, and sport coats altered here.
Create a new directory in your theme and call it fonts.
But you are missing Username and Password.
The eggplant parmesan came in a hearty portion with penne and pomodoro sauce.
This hotels proximity to the convention center was a tremendous plus.
But obviously, you can still have a great meal at Umi without dropping $75+ a head.
Just in case your list contains other types than strings: Result:
It would be a convenient way to get the DLL into the target machine.
But what I cant figure out is how to send that to my HTML page as an output as a list.
Now that's dedication in my book.
None of that will matter, because you will be in burger heaven, delighting in the freshly ground beef that makes Tessaro's what it is.\n\nThe restaurant itself is barely more than a bar, with mean waitresses and tiny, crammed tables.
There might be other problems in your snippet, so far I've noticed you're using which is unusual data-structure for this purpose as will overwrite previous with same .
How to mutually exclude two (or more) boolean flags using json shema?
Only 4 tables were occupied, but I believe this place must be packed for lunch.\n\nService was courteous and our food arrived in reasonable time.
Create a second Variable called SrcFileName (string) Create a ForEachLoop Container.
How can I make it do what I intend it to?
I'm pretty sure that he knows all of his repeat customers.
The service is usually pretty good and the beer is cold.
It comes with a red wine gravy, mashed potatoes and veggies.
updates the UI with the results of , but doesn't depend on the UI.
Is there a way I can surpress that message from showing up in my saved result set?
If, however you REALLY want to go through with this I think should do what you want.
Put the following 2 lines at the top of your python files: and the error should go away.
Then you can instantiate Car object using the following statement:
The frozen food section has a few really good finds that you can't get anywhere else.
What happens if you used the following instead:
this also runs until you tell it to stop for the most part.
It was very tasty and not huge in size.\n Kale salad was very pleasing to the taste buds as well.\n Loved the bread, the dipping oil was very tasty and I also asked for some butter and that added even more flavor to the bread.\n The Flounder with Risotto was perfectly prepared and just the right amount of food to risotto ratio.
I get the cursor position like so - or rather a range at the cursor position.
Sandy, a stylist at Modern, was not only one of the nicest people I've ever met, but she did an outstanding job on my hair.
Javascript onclick even on a div not working I have a div and when a user clicks on it using the event, i'm calling a function: Update Can't i use on the div element?
The quality and quantity of the food is fantastic!
I always get the crepe pancakes with brown sugar and sour cream.
What you want to do requires two blits: one to mask out the portions of the destination bitmap (using pixelwise AND), and then a second one to pixelwise OR the colors from the overlay onto the destination.
Which collection for storing unique strings?
Going to Picasso's was a real experience.
It is rare for me to feel so confident in a stylist.
Full sample code can be seen here:
My wife and I have been coming to Thai Cuisine for many years now even though it's almost a 2.5 hours drive from our house (round trip).
This isn't possible, but your goal may be achievable with conversion operators .
If you're looking for a wide array of malt liquor and/or ice beer Caruso's is the place for you.
I feel like Charlotte travelers are worse about this than in other cities.\n\nLoses a star for the parking situation.
the beloved burnt almond torte lives up to the hype and is never a disappointment.
In the first case the scope of the String declaration is within the switch statement therefore it is shown as duplicate while in the second the string is enclosed within curly braces which limits the scope within the if/else conditions,therefore it is not an error in the second case.
I love sweets but even this was like an overdose.
Aiken Bar and Grille.\n\nI was so sad when I walked by the old Village Pizza and they were closed.
By reading through the My application has just one JSP page called This is how i am loading the jsp page from my servlet.
if anybody know please help me.
Moreover, most of the events which they listen to are the same.
Brixx will have many different types of thin crust pizza's.
As cliche as it may sound, every piece (including fin which is notoriously tough) was melt in your mouth good.
Musashi is by far one of my top 3 favorite sushi restaurants ever.
The code below gets image files and places them into the screen.
In practice the number of layers is based upon pragmatic concerns, e.g., what will lead to good accuracy with reasonable training time and without overfitting.
The location of Bossa Nova is perfect if you're downtown - either coming from or going to a show at Heinz Hall or walking across the Alleghany over the Clemente bridge to go to a game.
I was pleasantly surprised to find it much to the liking of a Subway but refined and truly fresher ingredients.
I could put it in a string, but speed is an issue here and I assumed an std::string &lt; is expensive.
grappelli admin show image I have a new project on django, in which im using Grappelli and filebrowser, and I have extended the User to have a UserProfile related to it, my question is, how can I modify my code to be able to show on the UserProfile information of a user the profile picture uploaded, and also show it on the Users list?
So why do we need to check this explicitly?
There it finds maps to your browser.
The menu is rather expansive, but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.\n\nIt happened to be lasagna night.
There's no structure to it, but most of the attractions are bold, although this example shows a lot of other things that are bold like various passes.
I use something like this in my Makefile: I then create the dependencies like this: and this at the bottom of the Makefile: Is this the kind of behavior you're going for?
Note that NSClassFromString works for me for 99% of classes.
It's the same Panera food you've had before.
Do I create a cookie and pass it around that way?
\n\nAs we moved onto dessert, the choices were hard because everything sounded extremely delectable.
Since you're referring to "New Folder", and expect to have UI, I think you are actually refering to Explorer, the default shell for XP.
I am very much a newbie with Paypal, but with much effort and help, I feel as though I have got 90% of the set up complete, I just can't get an IPN response back from Paypal.
I don't know if I have to declare the button in other way in html or it just doesn't work in android.
The old labels are stored in a graph attribute - node_labels.
I think most people took advantage, so at the end there was a mad dash.
When you take a class name and write parentheses after it, you call a constructor.
The servers are good at being friendly and thus doing their job.
First of all the refresh token process is critical process.
I had what I always get- the seared tuna.
For Collection choose the enumerator "Foreach File Enumerator", set the Folder = \\Remote_Folder, set the files = *.csv.
It was clumpy and served with some dry granola or something with some golden raisins.
I wasn't going to get this.
Jerry told me that it was a dangerous blowout and he hoped that I hadn't been going too fast.
They always have the supplies and if they don't they can recommend places to get them!
Following on @Arun's comment, you can easily create a single data frame with another column indicating the party in question: From there, you can get functions of the columns without difficulty: If you wanted to deal with individual items, and they had duplicates between the parties, you could perform joins on the original data frames.
Any brilliant people could please show me a better performance solution?
Terribly busy during the weekend evenings and the service seems to suffers.
With all those incredible draft selections, she was drinking water.
I could have gone for another bowl.
A def must try at least once!
Definitely a Chinese gem in the South Hills!
If it fails with , then incrementally try the next port number in the sequence (wrapping if necessary) until success is achieved, or you have tried all the ports.
My sisters and I enjoy going to get pedicures together.
I find not doing so to be a bit lacking.
On your local machine, these are already present but Kudu is restoring them in a clean folder every time.
Lawrence Convention Center stacks up well.
I think the description is sufficient.
I am a picky Chinese food eater too.
About the only major feature lacking is a javascript engine, so it won't work if the blog uses javascript in its authentication.
This place gets a 4 star based on the decor itself.
There is a lot of hidden stuff here that is great.
you need to set these attributes of elements as as: working fiddle
This is the code that gets called when the GoogleApiClient gets created.
If your shutdown takes ages then people will try to kill it.
Like so many other ethnic places, the owner/employee's do a poor job of marketing themselves (they just yell things like chicken when people walk by) but the food is great, service is quick efficient and friendly, and that darn hot sauce is so good (the yellow one).
passes its arguments as return values from , and passes its arguments as return values to .
Can you make it a bit more clear what you are trying to do??
Everything is fresh, delicious, and remarkably low-priced.
\n\nI rarely order burgers but was enticed by the Guinness BBQ Burger, figuring that it would be impossible not to pair well with my frothy pint of Guinness.
If you do this: then the complexity is loop iterations with constant time access to the value.
This seems like it has the potential to be an enormous memory and performance hog, so I am wondering if there is any other way to approach this?
As far as I remember, I did not change the file.
If I want to get a news from database I should use an url like this: My question now is: With jQuery and method is there a way to get a news (for example) using this structure based on functions switched by a get?
Also, to run iteraplan, you need a database (details can be found in the iteraplan installation guide: Finally, if you just want to run the application, without modifying the code, it would be simpler to download one of the bundles available in sourceforge ( Community Edition/).
Max DB size in SQL Server 2000 MSDE We are currently evaluation our hosting options and the cheapest suitable option we've found only has SQL Server 2000 MSDE as the db server.
Seafood gumbo was very good.\nBroiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good.
If you want a different IP address that you currently have assigned from your internet provider, you need to use a Proxy or TOR if you can't achieve a change of your IP by restarting your modem.
If you follow the traceback, the error appears in get_object() where it tries to access the page model.
By way of testing, the following transcript shows that what you are trying to do works just fine: We have to therefore assume that what you're actually doing is something different, and that's unusually tactful for me :-) What you're experiencing is what would happen with something like: or if was not declared correctly in .
I wasn't too impressed with the side of spinach and tomatoes, however.
Validating input values with an if/else statement in C++ So I've looked around but I'm apparently either not looking in the right place or I'm misunderstanding something.
You just wanted to pinch her cheeks or something.
The servers were friendly and chips and salsa arrived immediately upon being seated.
Classic Wisconsin supper club with wood paneling.
I am wondering whether I should be worried about memory.
Try Andy's roll and the Eel sashimi.\n\nGo see Andy for some great sushi and sashimi.
My truck is 16 years old, yet it drives like it's only a few years old thanks to Long's.
The biscuits are warm and fluffy, the chicken is well-seasoned, and the tea is sweeeeeeeet.
If you like long fries with breading, you'll like these.
How to Use Arrow Keys to Navigate a Vertical Page I have a webpage with photos on it.
the file is 37,880 bytes I have deleted the subversion settings files, and they were recreated I have checked the preferences and ignore whitespace It is only this ONE file ...
From someone who looked all over NYC for a dress-- trust me-- just go to Anne Gregory-- you will be glad that you did!!
I grabbed a cheap hotel near the airport, took their shuttle bus and ended up in the middle of some place I knew nothing about.\n\nWhat to do for dinner?
There was 5 of us in our party and we had this beautiful Old Victorian House to ourselves!!
When you move to other pc, just copy the Godep folder with your code and it will solve your problems.
I managed to do this by barplots manually but i want to ask if there is a more automatic method Many thanks EC PS.
Es gibt sehr viele Hinweisschilder zu allen m\u00f6glichen Punkten.
You are not using while sending request: About Callback , you have initialized callback and in your case you don't have to pass callback as function parameter.
Don't think I'll go back to Champaign for a long time, but it's a great lunch/dinner option.
The crab cakes and deviled crab were oversalted.
You should note that especially the second way is very insecure since it gives the executing code complete access to your system.
First time, at lunch, I think I had a shrimp prik pow, and that was also very nice.\n\nThe Ginger Tea is also great.
I got a salad with my fish with a tomato basil vinaigrette, which was surprisingly good and coleslaw which was pretty standard.
changing storyboard after UIAlert button pressed I want to change to the main menu after clicking main menu at the game over UIAlert trying this: does nothing at all...
All you have to do is ask the front desk and they will help you coordinate.
I was a bit worried that such a large reduction would alter the shape and/or design of the ring.
Will head back here with a smile.
We don't expect these units to have the same gain levels at all, but the levels shouldn't be drastically off as it seems you indicate.
Editing HTML5 LocalStorage through a function I want to be able to add an "Ignore List" with the results being saved on the users browser.
Not that that's a bad thing.
Not the absolute best Mexican food but it's cheap, filling, and quite tasty.
Good blend of Mediterranean cuisine with noticable, French, Spanish, Maltese and Italian influences.
I have a data set that looks like this I need to be able to get a list of the unique column where the column contains the same value in 5 or more consecutive rows.
Searching for the regex "myMethodWithParameter.*some" would return all instance of the first and not the second On a side not Bamsworld's answer is good too, I had often wondered what those other options were for in the assistant editor.
Before you do, make sure to read and try it on a few sample projects to find out the benefits it brings you.
The downside to Blue is that the food doesn't necessarily live up to the surroundings and the prices.
Also, trying to park in Market Square was, for want of a better word...trying.
Relative Layout Programmatically I have a relative layout which consists a a At the time of page loading I am initializing the relative layout like this As a result my relative layout was at the bottom of the screen.
What I HAVE done is gone to karaoke there.\n\nI am not the kind of person to enjoy a \""hip\"" bar.
How to count characters of other langauges in edittext I am trying to count Unicode characters like Arabic or Chinese in a edittext.
The place is so darn cute that I will probably still pop in every now and then for a blow out.
Personally, I prefer the Sunday brunch more because its a buffet that I can pick what I want.
It's def more on the pricey side I would say compared to most Korean places.
Where I may be going wrong ?
I loved it and i don't even care if you judge me for the calorie intake that i took in at this restaurant.
Service was aiiiiiight considering it was a large party, but it coulda been better.
I also tried using OpenXML to solve my problem but somehow it always said that the file is corrupt after I tried to fill the bookmarks.
Code snippet: PS following code snippet is working when I test it on Postman:
It doesn't make sense to read the input until EOS and then expect to be able to write a response back to the same connection.
I then use the Deserialize function to read it: Please note that the file sampledata.xml has to be stored in folder Design and must be defined as Content not as Resource.
Otherwise as earlier comment change the system date and restart the server.
The fruit tarts are also excellent-- my favorite is just topped with a very generous amount of cream and and assorted fruit (berries, kiwi, mandarin orange, etc).
The train ride was going to be 12 hours long, so I decided we should depart CLT at 2AM so we could sleep the majority of the way.
\n\nI used to say this is the only restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Count number of foreign keys in Django I've read the documentation and all the other answers on here but I can't seem to get my head around it.
During my first trip I made the mistake of 1)not ordering hot cakes 2) dining alone 3)not ordering hotcakes!
Silky's also boasts a shuffleboard table and darts to keep people busy and having fun.
A related concept, possibly worth you pursuing is setSizeUndefined() which is a method of the Sizeable interface.
I'd say they are almost in need of an expansion!
While I'm thrilled to see Bob and Vicky's crew thriving, I do have to say that I miss being able to actually walk-in on a Saturday or Sunday without a line around the block.\n\nIrregardless, when you're looking for unique spins on traditional diner fare, this is your joint.\n\nThe pancakes are all fantastic.
Crandalls has moved to state street, and is now serving authentic Peruvian food!
Output But I am sure the minimum number is 1 — what's wrong?
It DOESN'T surprise me when most of those food and drink items are pricey, so they better be worth it!
As it was already pointed out , the actual behavior is not specified by the JLS, a future version is allowed to derive from the current implementation as long as the JLS remains fullfilled.
When I drove up to it, it brought back yummy memories.
I hope the below code will give u an idea ..
Bummer...\n\nI had never had to file an insurance claim before, and wasn't really sure what to expect.
It was delicious and didn't leave me with that greasy what did I just put in my stomach feeling that I was expecting (from past WH experiences).
With those ingredients, you can't really go wrong, and they didn't.
Might be that you need a call to in the surrounding method to stop the form from actual posting.
That, and the staff always recognize my husband and I and remember what we like, right down to the extra sour cream (no longer in those little paper wedges) and Island Margaritas.
Example of csv: myPackage1,MyClass1; myPackage1,MyClass2; I would be more pleased if I can put parameters in constructors or voids into that csv.
I've never seen so many antique vehicles in one place.
Finally, we found a place that has everything we want!
I got this XPATH: To return: And while that isn't in exactly the format you're looking for, it's the correct data, XPATH wasn't really made for formatting your results so there's not much to work with there.
I have a model class named "ModelClass" in the package "com.mycompany.implementation" with a few properties and a nested class "NestedModelClass", and the XML output looks like: How can I change the XML Entity name to be displayed without package name - or even a different name?
This way you would call: String lowerCaseString = StringUtils.lowercase( targetString ); This would also offer you intellisense help while you are typing.
--curdir --ruby=/usr/local/rvm/rubies/ruby-2.2.2/bin/$(RUBY_BASE_NAME) --with-sqlite3-dir --with-sqlite3-include --without-sqlite3-include=${sqlite3-dir}/include --with-sqlite3-lib --without-sqlite3-lib=${sqlite3-dir}/lib extconf failed, exit code 1 Gem files will remain installed in /usr/local/rvm/gems/ruby-2.2.2/gems/sqlite3-1.3.10 for inspection.
Do you see how all of the other reviews give this place 5 stars - this place is way more than a 5 star coffee shop.
Or I have to edit Mondrian's source code?
The work being done is very CPU bound with minimal asynchronous locks so my solution was to create an array of s the size of with no parallelism and post to them according to the key's value.
My first instinct wasn't to leave so that is always a good thing.
\n\nI also went to see A Night at the Museum in their IMax theater.
Java thread pool executor implementation with job execution that don't exceed a defined duration I want to find a way to have an thread pool executor implementation where if a thread job execution exceed a defined duration, the thread is killed (then the executor will create a new thread for a future job).
Question What have I done wrong?
ASP.NET MVC and friendly URLs I'm trying to learn a bit more about creating friendly URLs, particularly in relation to something like an e-commerce site.
from one storage account to another) preserves the source blob type.
I had the same trouble, went to see whether the suggested fix from Boost Ticket #4209 worked, which didn't.
The origin should be half the width and height of the item that you're rotating if you wish to rotate it about its centre.
A name is just a name.
I try to print so: But program will exit with error: I will be thankful!
Howto inject local css into webpage I would like to test out CSS on a webpage that I don't have direct access to.
That may be my plan next time.\n\nThank you Melting Pot for a tremendous dinner...
You can do it like this.
It is incompatible with advanced features like array valued functions.
For us men, they \""entice\"" you with very attractive female servers, especially in the summer months.
I tried to following but it didn't work:(Note: i have tried searching this site but couldn't find the perfect solution) What I am trying to achieve is replace the relative image URLs with their absolute forms in an external data pulled using YQL and JSON.
You should add the entry in ubu121lts's crontab using: Additionally your entry is currently scheduled to run on the 0th minute every hour.
I can still print the workflow from the GTK client, but isn't there some way to print it from the web client?
I've got a lot of fond memories from Hickory Tavern.
Ate lunch at Casbah for the first time.
But, because I just love the atmosphere there.
We also had the sag paneer and a number of other dishes I can't even remember.
I just started using RecyclerView and I've seen it lack in a lot of features like header, footer, divider, list selector, now I have second thoughts about using it instead of ListView.
Check it out along with the Cuban sandwich, Steak sandwich or the classic Chicken Monterrey.
Wait staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.
She kept up and was very friendly.
Its smooth and creamy with just enough of a bitter bite and spice that let's you know its made with the restaurants name sake.
Brought along two bottles of wine, which is such a nice bonus.
In fabrics JS after stage.loadFromJSON is loaded I have fabrics JS canvas which is loaded from json, like: and I need to read image using html2canvas function.
In Java world, your use case is called as BPM (Business process management).
The staff has been there as long.\n\nThey have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city.
Be prepared to spend at least 4 hours wandering around.
I'd definitely come back here again.
Remember to use UML like any other tool - make it work for you.
I don't care that this is a chain.
The only thing taking away from it was the execution on the pasta itself.
Standard input, which you can redirect with the '&lt;', or even from another program with '|' is a sequence of bytes.
An approach to handle this is to do frame by frame comparisons and if it changes by a certain threshold then it is most likely a car has parked rather than the sun has moved as the car will cause a much higher amount of change in a short space of time than the effects of lighting will.
I am trying to get it to display as following Test catcatcat B Test etc etc --This may be a separate question but for me to learn I want to know if it's possible to actually break down the array and send to html as radio input and turn it into a value to choose from.
If I assume that the values are unique in each column, then the key idea is doing a join on the second column in the table followed by aggregation.
I started off with the JP Hearty Blend and was not disappointed.
I have the following directory structure in my PHP project (framework: In the application.js (inside js folder) I have the following code How can I access the s3demo.php (in the libs folder) from my javascript (application.js in the js folder)?
always going to be parking, but I was a little skeptical when they started building the new arena downtown.
The default Haar cascade trainings are: haarcascade_eye.xml haarcascade_eye_tree_eyeglasses.xml haarcascade_frontalcatface.xml haarcascade_frontalcatface_extended.xml haarcascade_frontalface_alt.xml haarcascade_frontalface_alt_tree.xml haarcascade_frontalface_alt2.xml haarcascade_frontalface_default.xml haarcascade_fullbody.xml haarcascade_lefteye_2splits.xml haarcascade_licence_plate_rus_16stages.xml haarcascade_lowerbody.xml haarcascade_profileface.xml haarcascade_righteye_2splits.xml haarcascade_russian_plate_number.xml haarcascade_smile.xml haarcascade_upperbody.xml If you need a custom one, you can train your own following these instructions
I find I miss extended containers (especially maps) heavily when moving from C++ to C, but there are a lot of other ones.
I love it here, and will shop here always.
The new manager, Ray, was really friendly and helpful.
Or will you be changing all the other contents to numeric as well?
I get the Three Cheese Tortellini, Mulligatawny soup YUM!, and the Almond basket for dessert but with cinnamon ice cream.
assuming that this is release build with turned off any kind of optimization and source files contain pure code without any comments or similar Thanks
When our bread arrived I noticed this neat little oil holder, it was shaped like a jug, with a grape mold that held the balsamic vinegar.
First pointer: Although the address says N.
java.lang.RuntimeException Simple Http Get Code This simple and well organized code is not working.
My task rule, which isn't working is: Any suggestions most welcome.
The sample's controller method with the path variable works as expected, but the additional methods that I added to the controller do not.
If i create a new DNS A record for the IP address of the apache server it will automatically send the request to the camera1.domainname.com virtual host and then forward me 192.168.2.160.
Next time I will probably try a bento box.
I Spoke with Jay Malls briefly, and he was indeed cool ,This is one of the best R&B DJ's since Venus Flytrap.
There is definitely some interesting history here.
Please don't pass this one by!
You'll find all the food you need.
So rock on Cuisine Malaya, you were worth the walk and thanks for the vino...
I see no evidence of this in the code: as far as I can tell, the whole of the response is always read, either for responses.
For instance, this means that on Tuesday, it will only include posts from Tuesday and Monday.
Try this way EDIT As @LearnCocos2D Apparently each UISwipeGestureRecognizer can only detect the swipe in the given direction.
Without seeing the rest of the stacktrace, I can't say 100%, but it looks like that's what's happening here, given the exception you are seeing (you should find similar issues if you search for the error message).
Finding absolute coordinates from relative coordinates in 3D space My question is fairly difficult to explain, so please bear with me.
Parallax Background in div of Content Is it possible to create a parallax background inside a div that has a certain width?
Details here on how to fix .
They don't serve food and even though, it is clean, there's not much else to it.
What I found surprising is that no one knew about their unlimited and FREE toppings list.
You can use the instead, like..
I want to implement the online status to my contacts and I read about it that it can be done with webhooks here .
Note that the self-distances (on the diagonal in ) have floated to the top.
I have used IDataErrorInfo for validation.
How to run exe file in VM using PowerCLI?
Try to set the first background-image to repeat:
Can it handle more complex views than ListView ?
I had full color, hair cut and blow out for $130 and was blown away.
the place is nice, fancy, organic-ish, alternating menu, nice atmosphere.
Our waiter recommended it to me once, and I have to order at least one piece every time I go!\n\nThey use Soba's dessert menu, so it's great that I can get all my favorite Soba desserts when I come to Umi.
That's the simplest way to do it; don't be disappointed.
The building is quaint albeit in a strip mall area and the decor is relaxing typical coffee house style.
Client system has low bandwidth connection.
You can override this in code by adding: ...and add the onrowcreated attribute to the server control: THEAD styles: You can specify the header css class for each column in the 'headerstyle-cssclass' for each bound field.
Specifically, OpinionFinder aims to identify subjective sentences and to mark various aspects of the subjectivity in these sentences, including the source (holder) of the subjectivity and words that are included in phrases expressing positive or negative sentiments.
For somereason, installing visual studio fixed the issue.
But, it's delivery, so that's not all that surprising.
\n\nDoes this not show my true devotion to these tasty little taco's!
a resume to upload and also form entry of people's names, addresses etc.
The serving sizes are pretty big.
Does anyone know how I can persist this data without making another call to the database to populate the model object?
I am working on adding banner ads to my website, the html that I have added to display banner is on The problem that I am facing is that my banner ads are not responsive, I want them to adjust according to the device i.e mobile, desktops and tablet.
Many of the events are the same type, but there are a few differences between them that I am still trying to decode.
Seems like a very nice neighborhood restaurant and bar.
The overwhelming answers, as far as I can tell, are that many more new repositories use SVN than CVS, and the migration is all from CVS to SVN.
And sometimes, IF they have the disposable containers, they will let you take your leftovers home.\n\nFolks, this is SO TOTALLY WORTH EVERY PENNY I'VE INVESTED!
\n\nWe decided to start our meal with the veal and pork meatballs.
How can I connect the ASM file and the C file?
The same word list represented as DAWG in binary file takes only 5MB.
I want to know the reason.
What I tried so far: I tried creating a stopwatch class, which SHOULD calculate the time difference between me pressing space for the first time, and second time.
Wait staff is always very attentive, constantly refilling drinks, etc.
Nice food selections, great drinks of course.\n\nGreat fourth ward place.
There is a lot to choose from.
If you want to log using the same format, you will have to set the format on the new FileHandler as well.
\n\nThe food was just what you would expect in Pittsburgh: gut busting.
Mmm hmm it rivals red hot lovers of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Great little place in downtown Mt Lebanon.
Each Activity has a CustomerId, however the designers of the database haven't added any foreign key constraints.
I discovered a integer overflow bug: if you type (which is 2147483647 + 1) the element just goes behind all other elements.
Host was delightful but service was slow & spotty.
I found solution for oposite:"Strip everything in string after the second “-” character that occurs?" Now, I need solution for "BEFORE" the second "-": To be: I would like to do this with strstr(), if it is possible.
I used the rather than stats from Ubuntu in this table, but it shows a growth spurt in Bazaar and Mercurial starting in 2011.
Better code (at least for me): }
I am trying to create a directed graph data structure in JavaScript.
Plus it is hard to get lunch for any less than that these days without eating fast food.
With the braces, it reminds me of function (or for objects, constructor).
If I could offer any advice to the manager is that a hostess is the am ambassador to your production.
All I can say is thank you.
Eclipse Mars - one specific file will not open in compare editor?
Don't go searching for the cheap bread.
Consider: You won't get very far in a complex model without lazy loading, except your database fits into RAM or you don't mind to cut you OO model into pieces which destroys both maintainability and performance.
great cooks and fresh, also ice cold beer.
Or in Javascript you could catch the keyboard event, prevent its default behavior, and then call the function on the Flash app (again through ExternalInterface).
There is certainly a much better solution than this, but I'm not going to spend too much time on this.
I ordered it medium rare and it came out perfect.
\n\n I will definitely be back!
Go here- then go catch a movie at Regent Square theater up the street.
Well, I always feel extremely well taken care of here.
More importantly though: what are you trying to illustrate?
I want my app to be spreadable easily How can I communicate the download link from one user who has it to one who does not?
95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.
The 10\"" is a good size for an individual pizza.
So the result would look like:
Using a char array to store state array: I plan to create a char array of size because 128bit variable is equal to 16 chars and indicates the variable.
Soon enough, I found not one but two pairs of Reefs and was happily on my way to check out.
I had a view of the city which was nice but I didn't get to really enjoy since I was not in the room much.
( One application will send interrupts to many listeners ) One method comes to my mind is to use SendMessage with the HWND_BROADCAST parameter.
Here is the information: Access the Terminal program on your Mac, by going to the search tool in the upper right-hand corner, and entering in Terminal.
We also ordered Olive or Twist Calamari and the Thai Chicken wings as appetizers.
However: I get this is a business and anything money related Mozart is a stickler on.
When I do , it shows me that it's not using the desired gemset, meaning it returns only instead of I tried doing but it doesn't seem to work.
Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.
Give a try to below AFNetworking snippet,
Maybe you need: [READ] You can specify the timeout as a property.
If you want to be sure that those updates have been rendered (shown to the user), you can yield back to the browser using , like this: The delay won't be 0ms, but it'll be very brief.
In your example here your delegate can be set to any method that has a return type of void and takes one argument that is a string.
I want the text from productField to be put on the image from the UIImageView and attach the new image to the email.
Sometimes over the top (\""people say it's the best meal they have had in their life\"" and \""the chef took this week off so he could enjoy the meal as a customer--and it brought a tear to his eye\"") but we genuinely loved it.
EDIT: from your answers (wich I thank you for) I understand that I wasn't clear in telling what I am searching (and I'm sorry for this): I know how to print two digits after the number using the solutions you proposed...
The bites I snag are always excellent!\n\nI also discovered a new favorite wine from their menu--Dreaming Tree Crush.
You could get rid of the storyboard and on each tick, increment a local value by the tick interval and use that to set your time.
This place has the most heavenly smell!\n\nThe pepperoni bread is an absolute must.
Even better, the staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and happy to chat.
How can I get the original index of the selected element?
They are always prompt and friendly.
I know how to use BasicDBObject but I want to try this method because I am new to programming.
Anyhoo, this review is constructed from the few drunken moments I can remember from when I went, but I do recall the comfort of the wooden pews, the waitress patient with drunkards, great scenery from the other drunks, staggering in and out.
\n\nFor a Sunday just after church, they were well enough staffed.
could solve the problem in a nicer way.
The salad bar also came with fresh pizza.
Now simply use the cursor to populate your list.
The simplest solution is to use if the class is know at compile time and you expect it to be available at runtime.
Each set of initial points has to be a slice in a 3D array, which is why you see that complicated statement just before the call.
The staff answered our questions and were very accommodating.
Caveat: only works for the natural numbers.
Frame will be different at run time: this means that the location of a frame on the storyboard is different than where your constraints dictate it should be.
I'm not sure that it will replace my usual go-to Thai spot, but it'll definitely be high on my list!
So we have the database tables user, company and of course the spring security tables acl_class, acl_entry, acl_object_identity and acl_sid.
Does anybody knows how to set up a Maven for start and stop a embedded Wildfly server, start the test cases and hopefully see some logging?
Because the default color value is .
Would it also possible to use the matched value within the rule?
I went to Natasha, who is so awesome.
US Airways, soon to be American Airlines owns this place.
The first thing that I noticed when I walked in past the giant fountain was the free wifi in the lobby.
How can I save/load in this case?
Lettuce cilantro and basil on the side, all fresh and graciously served.
If you are planning to package your application, you need to re-verify, which CRT version your application uses.
Upon selecting one you get an alert that offers to call this location or display it on a map.
Plz check your image path properly.
What you are lookin for is Typehead.
This is one query solution, this query will be materialize on this line: Filtering will be made by sql.
But I guess maybe because I'm from LA and going to Glen Ivy and Burke Williams has spoiled me for the cheaper places?
No there are no operators built-in to the language specifically for generating sequences, but you can re-purpose some existing methods for sequence generation.
But it IS the national dish of a truly world-class cuisine, and given what they do with the green curry, we thought, \""I bet it's really something special\""\n\nAs we were leaving, the owner thanked us for coming, and as we discussed the meal a bit she said \""Oh, you have to try the Pad Thai!
How do would the linq look?
\n\nI recommend this place to anyone and will definitely come back to try some other types of pancakes.
That code in the tutorial will work if you are adding new rows to a blank worksheet.
You can't go to Pittsburgh and not get Primanti Bros.
I know this can be done with css, but I need to be able to change it at runtime, like for instance having buttons on the page, and when they're clicked they change the cursor to a specific custom graphic.
Mmmm stuff a turkey with pumpkin pancake ..............
I already have a demo of the Citrus pay and i already checked it.
I'm trying to read data from my SQL Server Compact database, but I keep getting the same error I'm querying a SQL Server Compact database with "SELECT * FROM User", and I get an error parsing the query: Token line number = 1,Token line offset = 15,Token in error = User How do I fix this?
\n\nIt's not the cheapest place to drink at; it looks like a dive but it's not priced like one.
Is there a way to do this?
Seems like it would make more sense to compute the parameters within if/else or switch logic, store them in variables, and then call the function afterwords with whatever parameters you computed.
From SQL 2005 onwards, it has built in support for partitioning (see here ) but you need Enterprise Edition for that, which basically allows you to partition data in one table to improve performance (e.g.
On my most recent stay, I arrived in Charlotte much earlier than expected; the wonderful front desk agent checked me into my room at 7:00 a.m.!
Now is it possible for me to use these forms as they are, and still use Laravel's methodologies like routing?
I'm talking about USB ports in the elliptical machine new!
For example: If you try this in Chrome Copy Email Address doesn’t work correctly.
I can see the dots fine in IE 9.
\n\nOh and for dessert, a mini pecan pie with chocolate chips.
The staff is very knowledgeable, although you may get the occasional \""that's a dumb question look.\"" The prices here are a little higher then buying online, but I think it's offsetted by convenience and not paying shipping and handling.\n\nI stumbled into their Country Wines location in the North Hills and found out something that you might find useful- that location has a bigger bottle selection, and they sell clean used bottles for $7.99 a case.
But dnt work unset($res->name->s_no); Code Output Expected Output
I think this is called pagination?
I've got a select box to choose capacitance units pF, nF and mF.
Assuming this is the problem, I'm a little lost as to how to control a property that I'm not allowed to specify.
And get a salad too; they use spring mix and baby spinach and make almost all of their dressings.
The theater is massive the screen is something like 5 times that of a regular movie screen it's way bigger then the IMAX.
Once again, the best friend and I were out and about on errands - in this case, her appointment with the dentist - and what better food choice to explore before 'open wide' than good old family Italian?
Next time, I'll get for my sides macaroni and cheese with potato salad, then finish with yellow cake and chocolate icing.
Now I want to edit an existing object.
Is it possible to accomplish this without creating a customer renderer?
Nothing was over priced and we weren't waiting forever for delivery.
Solid deli with good ingredients, quick service and reasonable prices.
The in store price was 50% above the web price.
Plus the solid cordial service seals the 5-stars deal.\n\nThe scene is a clean diner, but as my friend put it, \""it's an actual diner with good food, and not like the other wanna-bes.\"" Absolutely correct.
The issue I'm having is that the line numbers dont line up properly with thier line number.I have to type 16 lines, then line 1 gets marked as line 16.
Syntax for naming foreign keys Using: I get a foreign key with a name like: FK&#95;&#95;_colname&#95;&#95;673F4B05 I want it to be named: FK_Tabl1Name_Table2Name, ...so that it will be easy to read when browsing the DB structure in SSMS.
This is a cute outdoor shopping center, I had some time to kill so I went to Marshalls, Loft, the chocolate store and a few other of the small stores before getting dinner at Johnny's.
Is there a way to do an accent insensitive search using grep, preferably keeping the --color option ?
First off Apple would not allow the two different applications and even if they did there is nothing stopping an iPhone 4 user from downloading your iPhone 5 Version or visa versa.
I can't seem to find an answer to this, maybe I'm not using the correct terminology.
It happens so that some of the pages get downloaded while (majority) others throw error.
However, by using you end up returning an iterator over the , not a direct reference to the itself.
That gives you the $1 back that the ATM took from you to get the cash.
Cheap rates on the weekend.\n- Comparable and reasonable pricing (although I do get Gov.
I didn't catch her name but a pretty blonde lady was taking care of everything, very nice & fast which I appreciated.
The list is CST_LAYER_ACTUAL_COST_DTLS_V IGW_BUDGET_CATEGORY_V IGW_REPORT_PROCESSING FV_FACTS_TBAL_TRX FV_FACTS_TRX_REGISTER FV_SF133_ONEYEAR FV_SF133_NOYEAR FV_FACTS_TRANSACTIONS FV_FACTS_TBAL_TRANSACTIONS ENI_DBI_CO_OBJIDS_MV PJI_TIME_PA_RPT_STR_MV POA_MID_BS_J_MV POA_IDL_BS_J_MV POA_ITEMS_MV GL_ACCESS_SET_LEDGERS LNS_LOAN_DTLS_ALL_MV OZF_CUST_FUND_SUMMARY_MV FV_SLA_FV_PROCESSING_PKG OE_ITEMS_MV PA_DEDUCTIONS_W PA_DEDUCTIONS_PUB PA_DEDUCTIONS_PUB PA_DEDUCTIONS_W PA_DCTN_APRV_NOTIFICATION --object types-- So I wanted to know that If I keep them invalid what problem they can cause?
I was skeptical of this place long before ever reading reviews, and long before I discovered Yelp.
Everyone is so friendly and I love coming here as the salon has a light and airy look to it which is very relaxing, yet the prices are very reasonable.
Am I correct on my assumption?
I only need a very small amount of syrup, as the pancakes were sweet from the bananas.
Note that Album and Song entities have AlbumGroup as root entity.
Those sites work and some of them have opengraph action video.watches ("Watch").
I never actually had a latte prior to going here, but just decided to go for it since they have $2 latte Wednesdays....the Carmel Latte here is excellent, now it's a mainstay of mine.
The results is a table with something like this: Obviously, I need to have the rows (and the column name) in the first column as their own columns, with the item in the second column as their values, preferably with underscores in the columns names.
but there are problem with inserting a products description.
If the code compiles with those two lines commented out, then they are definitely redundant.
derives from , so can be assigned to any variable.
@beforeClass annotation on Laravel testcase method ignored In my Laravel 5.1 app's base TestCase which extends I have this method: Other @before and @after annotations in that class is honoured as advertised.
Seared Yellow Fin with Broccoli Rabe and mango salsa verde.
Use the query to store the raw quotients and adjust the field's Format property afterward.
I was thinking if there's a "solver" maybe which will return a frame of points on a grid that I can then maybe?
Walter's Automotive fits the bill with their \""office\"" being a small cluttered desk in the service bay.
Sandwiches, soups, salads, pizzas and calzones.
As you give no code it's hard to suggest actual code...
I saw an extensive list of items, from chicken fingers to salads.
Stopped by Mark's for a quick bite to eat last night.
Just a simple trick you can do just use a string variable for messages appending and counter.
As far as the stains, I'll let you know how they turn out...
\n\nPro tips: Mondays are 1/2 price day passes for guests climbing with a member.
\n\nAll-in-all the tasty food and the kitschy atmosphere make it worth the wait.
Every DCU contains all the used generics.
Empire is cheap, super fast, and generally satisfying.
It's a small neighborhood restaurant, the main dining room is small and it looks like you're in the banquet room of a Holiday Inn in 1985--but somehow the atmosphere is warm and friendly instead of dated and depressing.\n\nI have never called ahead for reservations and i have never had to wait for a table and I believe this is only bc I've got lucky every time I dine there.
Heard from other tables you could get a half bowl as well.
This is the problem: because its reading like it's out of a textarea that could include images or text and stuff so im looking for something like htmlspecialchars() to sort out that &amp; before sending it through ajax Any ideas how to solve this?
JavaService will work if you implement JavaService2 class in your class file and override its invoke meathod.
Now, you can load these errors and then look up the error messages in that error array and use the key as the id.
My headers are And the content is;
She even encouraged me to make it a bit shorter, which I was on the fence about, but ultimately decided to do once she pinned it up.
Because of this, you are not guaranteed to generate the same initial points each time you call the algorithm.
For example, UIImageView's userInteractionEnabled is always false, but I want to my own UIImageview subclass to always have userInteractionEnabled set to true.
So you are not going to find cheap glasses here.
\n\nMy only mini gripe about Nakato is the flavor - I would have liked to have a little more heat or spice in my meal, but otherwise it was exactly what I was looking for.
Thank you in advance and sorry for the noob question.
My tests show that is the maximum value, tested on FF 3.0.1 for OS X.
He also won't sell you things you don't need.
I'm trying to create a hover-menu inside a gridview like the one of Gmail when you put the mouse over the names in the chatlist.
\n\nThe bathroom also has a decor to match the style of the coffeehouse.\n\nI have never been here during the daytime so I can't comment on that.
For example, they can return all dates between 1/1/2008 and 1/1/2009 AND 1/1/2006 and 1/1/2007 to compare 2006 data to 2008 data.
I have tried to devise a solution on my own with no avail.
UPDATE*** i would like it to shrink in random position of the screen and appear from random position of the screen also.
He also had their spicy pasta entree, while I opted for a fresh house chopped salad and a glass of pinot grigio.
Your enum must be marked up with the EnumMember attribute.
Andy makes waiting in line a joy.
So basically my objective is to make a program that takes the user input and reverses it and prints the inverse character back to user as an encoded message.
I was afraid that the lamb would have that weird gamey taste, but it only made for a more complex flavor, which I totally didn't expect.
The city of Pittsburgh isn't exactly a mecca of Japanese cuisine, but I think it's VERY comparable to other places throughout the area.
The gentleman next to me, as it turns out, is related to the restaurant owner.
I cannot simply move all of the javascript (as it is) out into separate files, as variables are being inserted into the markup during server rendering.
Note that you will not see the results that your php outputs because of the redirect so you should probably include that output in the next page.
Say for ex: the below code has three fields in db.
You can have a look at where they solve that problem using an regex.
Objective C Regex Extract Data from Line Containing Text I'm using objective c to create a program that will pull out data from a HTML file using regexes.
A good traditional beer selection along with traditional favorites such as wurst and schnitzel.
The shop is great as well.
Take a look at GLib or APR .
The fettuccine was cooked well past al dente and bordered on soggy.
\n\nI won't go any where else.
Unit Testing in .Net with Endeca Objects Most or all of Endeca's objects have internal constructors.
Yes, the prices are outrageously high (it's not called Whole Paychecks for nuthin').
A regular walked in behind me and asked where the kid was and apparently he was in vacation in China.
(Normally I would just use .) What would be a good way of doing this?
Just get the profile of the logged user and edit it:
If I return the res variable from the function, the result looks like this: So, I tried the following and nothing worked..
Fuji Maki Roll: This had Crab and avocado and sesame seeds on the outside.
I've often been confused by the age of some of their patrons, but then I remember that this is also a bait shop, and that there is a rare few of today's use that actually go fishing.
THE BEST place to get coffee in Charlotte!
Talk to your Dad about it.
You call , you get integer.
Everything was fresh, and the beef egg foo young was especially good.
I've also had the crab cakes which are meh but fine for Pittsburgh standards and I would definitely steer clear of the crab legs.
I also liked a set of decorative yet functional measuring spoons.
Neither inside the metro or desktop version of the browser.
I try to send in argument command to cmd, but it didn't work, because cmd didn't know my command.
Any ideas how I can achieve that?
Compliments of the chef bc he thought the first one wasn't big enough (looked big & good to me lol).
On the other side if I programmatically use the method I could get a bold font: This font is derived from the roboto light and looks really good.
I have DataTemplate like this And i also have the ListView like this I've parsing the JSON in result of API in code behind and make it to be my ListView.ItemsSource.
Use the function in PHP to split each line of the file into an array then set each element of the array equal to it's respective variable.
When I search for these variables they aren't even in the file?
What I would like to do is Launch a SplashScreen Mdi Loads in the background and NOT VISIBLE When finish loading splash screen dissapears.
They decor is artisy and eclectic and includes a diner style dessert counter.
I've confirmed the file is present and that it runs correctly when executed from the directory being fed back by the program when pasted in command prompt.
As @CBroe points out, this isn't supported by the Facebook Graph API.
My current folder structure is something like this I do not know how to reference my app.html since it does not get moved into wwwroot file.
I added some lemon and salt, which helped some.
But the Binding attribute says Children.
We ate in the basement, with a beautiful fully stocked glass wine cellar, under lit stone tile walls and wooden ceiling trim.
The process should be verified at regular interval.The activiti workflow should send a request at every 10 min to check if the previous request is being approved.
Encoding wildcarding, stemming, etc in simple search We have a simple search interface which calls the search:search($query-text) function.
They try hard to make it feel like France by making it narrow, crowded, lacking air conditioning, and cash-only.
it looks complex but its simpler either
This is also a great place to find a great assortment of cheeses and grass fed butter ( I go for the kerry gold products, they are just awesome).
On my first layover I had a strawberry margarita that came in a cool plastic shaker.
You need to ask your fellow developers or repository administrator what your repository location is.
How can I change the color of this dot?
I have the following model: I have 3 records in the database for 3 different languages.
What great, friendly service.\nI stopped in to Eyemart Express to see if my favorite sunglasses could be fixed.
There is no doubt we are in good hands at Anne Gregory.
So I just changed queue to set.
Position smart (dynamic) Admob banner to bottom of iOS screen?
Check for Genemu bundle which add differents form type such as file upload and image upload demo here I took inspiration to create my own
If you want Korean soup or fried rice, go here.
This is my favorite commercial movie theater.
THIS is the right way to do it.
how to retain the animated position in opengl es 2.0 I am doing frame based animation for 300 frames in opengl es 2.0 I want a rectangle to translate by +200 pixels in X axis and also scaled up by double (2 units) in the first 100 frames.
I tried handling the ¶ character specifically, but it didn't work: So what RegEx would work here?
SOAP does not have to be over HTTP.
The package manager will avoid to fetch breaking changes to keep your set of software dependencies working.
Finally it uses to join the rest of the Array into a string using a single space as the separator.
The flag means that you are specifying the initial points, and is a array where k is how many groups you want.
I do not have a screensaver to test that with (that I know of).
I tried looking at the WEBrick reference, searched the web and even had a look in the WEBrick code, but I got nothing I could use without some really nasty monkey patching.
He arranged a private limo service for us beautiful ladies for a great price.
htaccess add index.php to the route with more paths after it I am building a REST using framework.
Now, there are some things that Express will not do.
Personally I would like more chilis, but I realize that is an acquired taste.
Integrating NetLogo and Java : when should we think about this integration as a good option?
This nameless function attaches the handler to your button, so that when you click the button, another anonymous function is invoked.
You can try using PyInstaller to package your application.
That first day, I purchase their spinach and feta bread (like a savory, moist challah bread - so good!!).
Long story short - I lost the heel of my favorite pair of well-worn boots - a decade-old pair of Coach leather riding boots that were in otherwise excellent condition.
I will be so much thankful for that..
Pool was clean and tidy btw.\nYou can tell the buildings are older yet remodel.
I refuse to name drop, but we have spotted a couple of celebrities there, and they are usually pretty friendly !
12 hours in the North Carolina sun and we were beat!
Yes, a great retro diner, but with modern options.
You're not going to want to bring your computer.
Here are my Class level variables: Here is the Parallel.ForEach:
There are 2 types of Maps in JDK: HashMap and SortedMap (typically we use its implementation TreeMap).
Found this place on yelp while on vacation in charlotte.
Just use a look-up table where you mark if the char was seen before:
You need to specify the encoding in the HTML file of the Polymer element.
In rare cases, the default algorithm may not match the intended behavior of the developer.
They food is always delicious- usually a sweet or savory option plus a classic eggs, toast, meat, bread.
Best are the Chicken fingers (enormous, 2 is plenty with fries) and the \""Godfather\"" sandwich (also huge).
The rooms are clean, quiet and up to date.
They are huge, they are reasonably prices, they are prepared quickly, and they are delicious!
This error can happen if you have two jars that contains the same class names, e.g.
Make an interface block (see the link) or try instead (Fortran 2003).
The activity will not loaded than.
Sushi Kim is a clean and bright place with seats on all two floors.
Select the Change Permissions link at the top right of the page.
To deal with , you can create a on , and call the function from there.
python threads - please explain I'm trying to understand how threads work in python and I'm slightly confused around a few things.
If you want a good comparison, go to Kabuto's and then Nakato's and you'll see a huge difference.
But oh it happens.\n\nAlso Mindy is great for waxing!
You may want to look at example 17-2 on the following site since it looks to cover what you are trying to do EDIT: The feedback is that the key does need to be unique, so I'm removing that part of my response to avoid confusion.
Because the image divs are nested I have some problems assigning background-images using nth-child.
Their tuna salad with lemon zest in it is fab and so is the rotisserie chicken salad.
Edit: As of this moment version 4.0.5 is available.
Cakephp - joining tables, NOT in I'm a newbie and I'm trying to make a Query but don't get it how to do the Query in cake-style.
\nBuffalo Blues does have a wide array of enticing imports and domestics.
Interleaving is a term typically used for stereo audio, in which the data stream consists of consecutive frames of audio.
We were very pleased with the level of care she received.
They also provide fresh towels, as well as water dispensers.
I purchased getshopped plugin and integrated it into my Wordpress site (I purchased the Authroize.net integration gold cart level) I had such trouble dealing with the multiple bugs that I found riddled through the code base.
I'm using JavaFX's WebPane at the moment.
I would definitely avoid putting binaries in source control.
I have actually been seeing Dr.
Solved it by using the following steps: Open an InputStream to the image as normal Write the stream to a ByteArrayOutputStream Compare the length of the ByteArrayOutputStream to the Content-Length header from the HttpURLConnection If mismatch then you've lost data in transit Otherwise you can convert your ByteArrayOutputStream to a ByteArrayInputStream and use with the BitmapFactory as you see fit
Something like this rule should work in your file:
Egg Rolls, General Tso's, Happy Family, Triple Delight, dumplings...all taste delicious.
I suggest you to close all other terminal windows before editing because you may just got a read-only file.
I guess we will have to come back to try dessert.
\nI will be trying again when I have the cash in my pocket.
The names are fanciful; espresso with milk and a Torani shot is an \""Elizabethan\"".
People "still stuck inside the Windows programming world" are generally using SourceSafe, or perhaps something really expensive like ClearCase.
Mailto link with display name in non-Latin characters doesn't work correctly in Chrome browser I have the following problem in Chrome browser: When I have a mailto link with display name in non-Latin characters and email address the right button->copy email address->paste anywhere doesn’t work correctly.
Using &lt;Pack200Exceptions&gt; doesn't help, because then it doesn't know the file is packed.
On the run from Ohio to SC or FL, I stop here nearly everytime.
Fun place, no foul language permitted here!
Definitely my favorite store on Walnut.
Its also responsible for generating output.
I highly recommend it to everyone.
just beware they are not cheap.
Almost like a flashback from the 90's.
How can I get all of the selected node include undetermined ones.
Both orders together were around $15 bucks and came up super quick!
The Sunday brunch for $25 included your choice of a mimosa or bloody mary, unlimited access to the soup/antipasti/salad buffet, entr\u00e9e of choice and unlimited trips to the dessert table.
I do wish it had some broccoli or other vegetable in it so I at least felt a little less guilty about eating copious amounts of fried chicken chunks :) And overall, for our tastes, both dishes definitely could have kicked up the spice intensity.
The winner was absolutely the mushroom and cream cheese choice.
For the sake of examples, how would you connect a browser running on 192.168.0.101 to one running on 192.168.0.102?
I just went through training this past week for a new job that I start on Monday.
I've tried converting the audio to mp3 and video to mp4 before merging them, tried various audio-video parameters like bitrate, sample-rate, qscale etc but still unsuccessful.
It was topped with slaw and fries and I threw a little hot sauce in there.\n\nWash it down with an Iron City.
Kevin negotiated a dealer trade (they sacrificed a BRZ so I could have a 5speed Crosstrek...
Edit "php.ini" and add: extension=php_imagick.dll or (I placed it at the very end): [Imagick] extension=php_imagick.dll For super newbies: click the edit button in the UwAmp UI, "php_uwamp.ini" will open and edit it.
Great jeans too, I love the painter's jeans.
How to name a column while creating a data frame using a name stored in a variable?
She made the atmosphere more fun.\n\nGet there :)
But this made performance suffer, so it wasn't really an option.
It's a wonderful museum that shows a lot and tells a wonderful story about the history of North Carolina: past, present, and future.
\n\nOur night started off with a Riesling wine.
Say, for instance, you had: So is , is a shallow copy, and is a deep copy.
For a football stadium BofA is pretty good.
But I can't find the error in my code.
It requires constructing a request, posting it, waiting for a response, decoding that response, and returning that value to your application.
I want to enforce that a row in one table must have a matching row in another table, and vice versa.
I thought, I could get it to work with INSERT ON DUPLICATE UPDATE, but that looks only for the primary key - at least that's how it looks to me.
She is very well informed with the eye exam because I kept asking her questions!\n\nOverall, best place to go if you are in U of I area, especially if you are making Google Glass with prescription glasses!
A must if you live in Charlotte.
Since I have different albums which contain different songs, I want to separate the songs from AlbumA from Album B.
My concern is that JPanel is a class which is part of a package.
Then, thank God cause it is also big, we split a plate of two pepper mac 'n cheese, which was cooked perfectly and the jalapenos were offset perfectly by the poblanos for a flavorful balance.
Beautiful decor, friendly service, and delicious food.
I had been to the lunch buffet and it has always been alright.
The sales team worked with me to trade a car that needed work and put me into the car I always wanted for a price I could afford.
\n\nThe place gets a bit crowded around noon and they have a pretty strict policy about ordering before you choose a seat.
I'm not sure how well this would work without trying it.
Enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.
The ISO C++ Standard specifies that all virtual methods of a class that are not pure-virtual must be defined.
I really feel like i'm over-complicating this, perhaps im really barking up the wrong tree with a map.
Even after both of us ate a ton, half the entree was still on the plate.
\n\nI LOVE Anthropologie but I can neither afford nor fit into their $85 size 0 tshirts.
The room was good, it actually had king size pillows for a king size bed!!
There is great food and shopping available.
You may want to submit a bug report and wait for a patch release to fix it (though you used a preview image, it is also likely to happen on retail Android 5.0).
or you can use the Authenticator:
Then your have imported the CSS file on client side.
Concourse D is home to US Airways international travel, some US Airways domestic travel, jetBlue, and the daily Lufthansa flight to Munich.
I'm talking about tender busting with smokey flavor meat with a kicking sauce!
\n\nMy only caveat would be that for items you can find in the grocery store, such as Chocolove bars, you're better off grabbing them at Whole Foods, Giant Eagle, or Right by Nature - you may save about a buck per bar.
In which cases may it be useful?
Atm I am stuck with presenting the data first sorted by store then by date since I am obviously accessing the StoreEvents through the Store model.
The waitresses are hit or miss--sometimes excellent and sometimes moody/incompetent.
It is an important thing to have a music hub like this in the community.
I believe you can use the defaultdict in the collections module for this.
No, you can't, but you can pass the option to return nil if the master is nil.
Declare the variable outside of both the functions so it can be accessed by either function.
There is usually a decent selection of meats, and the potato pancakes are almost always featured.
i cannot create MULTIPLE users, because for one database, only one user can be created under one login.
Beer prices are reasonable with a very wide selection of drafts and bottles, but are by no means the cheapest in the area.
EDIT: I should have noted HookHandler.dll sits in the same folder as the exe.
I am defining a style p tag and I get a line feed but I would like to deactivate its Line feed instead.
Though they didn't have the exact tire I was looking for they told me to bring the car in and they were sure they could help me.
It isn't absolutely amazing and the lunch portion sizes aren't near as much as a lot of the cheap Chinese places are, but do you really need a to-go box at lunch?\n\nI took a friend and we got the sesame chicken and the general's chicken.
The inside of the restaurant is actually much tinier than I had expected with as many people crammed in as possible.
They close at 5 on Sunday, so get there before 4.
See your page here in browserling .
\n\nThe Gateway Y has about 30 treadmills, 15 bikes, and 10 other cardio machines, all stationed in front of TVs.
Ate here the other night and would TOTALLY go back.
if you want to remove the grey color in active buttons, just override it as follows: note: And can you please let me know how I can get rid of the darker grey at the Top of the active class?
Therefore, the answer to your question as literally asked, is to call , that is, "how to properly close a SQLAlchemy session".
3) You can do it, and it will work fine.
went here for my first time and got a little tipsy off their house margaritas, i had some tacos and an enchilada and ended up taking most of it home because i stuffed my face with chips and salsa.
Is there any way to add color attribute into .ics file.Please refer my .ics file which was i send
\n\nGreat view of the lake, easy to get to and walk around the shops and restaurants.
Consider that you have objects and , both instances of .
You can order whole beans or have them ground to your specific coffee pot/french press.
I am unable to find a way to install/enable it in python file.
Cant get much better than that.
My first attempt didn't work: commenting out the background queue code and leaving just the main queue dispatch block didn't work: Is there some trick to doing ui stuff inside a gcd block?
That you could tell was authentic, or well their own recipe.
\n\nThe rounds ordered from the bar were quick, too.
We're getting migrated from Subversion to Perforce at work.
Is it still possible to achieve the same using the list comprehension?
Because from where I'm standing I think you should have used the createSWF method and added the returned object to your html array.
With a good low rate of $7.50 for entry and $2.50 for skate rental this is arguably the best option for a first-time ice skater in the Charlotte area.
What I said above also applies to Windows Azure IaaS (Virtual Machines).
They also have frozen pizza that they can make for you for less than $5, but it is pretty crappy pizza.
Changed the following lines in gradle.build from: to: This resolved the issue.
Latkes (er, whoops) were lovely - croquettes as well.
\n\nThe front desk person was sweet and friendly.
Climbing courses are marked by colored tape on the walls so you can climb according to your skill level.
These errors are related to the RCP feature plugins and say: the plugin org.eclipse.xxx (one error for each plugin of the RCP feature) has already been installed from /plugins/org.eclipse.xxx Any idea on the way to avoid these errors ?
Sticky Footer out of place with Image Slider I am trying to add an image slider onto my homepage, however whenever I do so, the Sticky Footer moves out of place and I don't understand why.
Is there a max total size for dbs combined?
You likely have a retain loop.
Typically, how I like to do it is to have a couple of different directories.
Great for dates as well as meals with friends and parties.
They have a great food court and they are packed with lots of shops and places to eat to help past the time.
It's such a burden, that that's why we've started our own solution that marries microservices development integration with management under ones cloud native platform and have a market for it
If you would like to know about Lag function.
Depending on size and complexity of your database, number of resynchronizations needed and general performance characteristics of your server, either of those can run from 10 minutes to a few hours.
There are different kinds and the specific MSDN website have more details on it.
You just need to specify the tag when you the .
Service: Our server was nice enough - nothing amazing, but was attentive and we never found ourselves lacking for anything.\n\nAtmosphere: While I felt it's a little run-down on the inside, it didn't bother me on a cold, winter day because it was warm and inviting.
We had a wonderful Italian meal, and one of the better dining experiences in Pittsburgh so far.\n\nWe had a reservation on Saturday night around 6 pm, and used their valet service ($5?
If so would it block the main route?
Note also that unlike any possible sed solution, the above will be unaffected by RE metacharacters or delimiter characters in the search variable (e.g.
How can I have it resolve the unit names at design time though?
Does it mean that forgets some cleanup it is supposed to do at the end so that the master immediately finds out that leaves the cluster?
The Brown Ale is delicious (and award winning) and my favorite of the group.\n\nWhile Rock Bottom features beer, they hang their hat on food.
Also, you can always park farther away and not have to deal with the mess.
We LOVED our stay here and would come back in a heartbeat!
For example, right now the window open says 'Check Which Website is Visited - Stack Overflow - Mozilla Firefox', is there a way to get that from a programming standpoint?
The even still tie up the boxes.
My favorite chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nNathan Fish did an amazing job with my tattoo and I couldn't have been more pleased with it.
When a link is pressed, it moves a div either up or down.
The salted caramel was absolutely delicious.
It only controls texturing for the fixed pipeline.
Given that the site you linked to adds the ID to the body based on the page that you are on, your css is fine (although, you have a trailing comma before the open bracket that should be removed); it's the hex code on your background color that is invalid.
Using I was able to move multiple issues from one sprint to another.
Then applying some computation of results with .
You can even put all implementations in a single class.
\n\nThe place is one of the smaller music venues in the Charlotte.
Loose leaf tea is also available as well as brewing supplies.
To resolve these issues, if you open up your storyboard, you'll see yellow or red arrows beside certain scenes on the list to the left.
Visart is no exception.\n\nThe only downside is that if you live far away if can be tough to get the movies back sometimes.
What i'd like there is for the page to appear, not extending base htm I can only think that perhaps i have two files - one that has just the contents (ajax version) and another that extends base htm, and somehow imports (not extends) the first file...
Here is a clear step-by-step things to be done to query special characters in SolR.
Aw Murphys, this was the first place I went to when I turned 19 and could get into the bars!
Redis is not usually deployed as a "durable" datastore (in the sense of the "D" in ACID.), even with journaling.
For question 2: add the array to a Set .
The locker rooms are grimy and dirty with old fixtures but there are plenty of lockers, showers, stalls and spacious to change out.
So for the following line: You would use atos as follows: You should update your crash reporting SDK to use the latest PLCrashReporter version and make sure exceptions are shown properly in the report.
The surrounding area looks a little \""sad\"", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh.
Codeigniter 3x Query Builder class seems to be generating extra segments to my query I am using the latest version of the Codeigniter framework for PHP.
Lo mien was just o.k., the noodles seemed overcooked causing it to be soggy.
Further, the check returns true meaning that the Array 2 is over and we need to continue iterating through the .
Now U want to sort the questions in the descending order according to the number of votes cast for each question.
They have lots of different martinis.
About 8 of my friends wanted somewhere unique to go and have a few different beers to try and we ended up at the Saucer.
The fries are the thin, super crispy kind (Think BK...but better.
Now store images on that directory.
Generally I had went to Hair friends in Oakland, who are great for styling hair in a particular fashion , but quite pricey.
To begin I started with the Lobster Bisque, and my companion began with a Center-Cut Iceberg, or wedge salad.
My assembly procedure works perfectly fine "stand-alone".
I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!
So I started a new job downtown (I moved from NYC during the summer), and some coworkers took me here just last week for lunch.
The whole process simply errors out.
\nAmple portions, food (including the rice) perfectly cooked.\nMake sure (if ordering take out) to ask for some of the \""homemade mustard sauce\"" to put on your spring roll or egg roll, it's great but be careful, it's HOT!
I always get great discounts, and all the mechanics are very honest and helpful.
The ale was tasty and the burger was quite good.
Give them a try and you will walk away satisfied.
I always forget about Johnny Burrito, its tucked away in the wachovia atrium building where its not front of mind.
And I'm not talking about the massive collection in the beer cave!!
I have done as follows but the problem i have is that the mdi still does the work when the splashscreen dissappears.I want the mdi to be fully loaded once the splash screen is gone.
Recommended.\n\nLamb: Too gamey, don't get it.\n\nDESSERTS:\nApple Tartin: Too mushy\n\nChocolate Lava Cake: Not lava-y enough.\n\nDolce Pineapple Cake: Too mushy.\n\nThey had live music playing on a Wednesday night, but the most entertaining part of the night was probably the fact that my 40 year-old waiter was hitting on my 2 male coworkers.
We've been to Salsa's already twice now in the past couple of weeks.
Pita Land has the best pitas in the city, hands down.\n\nThey also have amazing spinach pies and pepperoni rolls - well, technically, they are not pepperoni rolls, but pita pepperoni rolls.
I managed to get past them but I had to implement a few methods that I don't think are right.
It's a bit of a haul for me to visit the place, but I'm always glad when I do.
NodeJS with PHP I am a PHP developer who just started learning Node.js and I saw this video: where it is explained that a html file can be given as response to the browser which is fine.
I want that array to retain its value between function calls of from single class function.
I am trying to make a call using jQuery to a php file so that the file's response will be put into a "div".
The prep for the procedure takes about 45 mins.
If it still crashes then try out move dword[stak],esp ;at the very start and end with mov esp,[stak] ret kinda thing gl
So, in your method you have some choices:
One thing I have noticed through the years is that people never improve their performance if you fix their mistakes.
1.) Define a menu mapping in hook_menu() 2.) Define your callback function Some things to note: There is no need to explicitly define somehtmlfile param in the menu.
Am I misunderstanding the problem or is it something else entirely?
You have to decompress the gzip-file, that step is missing.
\nHelpful staff.\nHuge selection of local cheeses.
Forget your calorie-counting conscience at the door.\n\nI think the one downtown is okay, but because I heart the original so much, the dt one will never compare.
\n\nIt's annoying they don't give you napkins which is why no five star for me.
In addition, make sure that is being compiled as expected by inserting immediately before the function, the following line: If your function is being seen by the compiler, that should cause an error first.
However, if an object is backed by costly native resources (as a ), pooling is still a recommended practice.
Eating your SQLException and returning null is bad.
However I cannot find a way to sort the results by importance.
I know it is possible but I can't grasp the idea of deferring a function.
I have been able to solve the problem.
I'm using on the server side to offer a socket.
but I could not find anything which showed me how to set the cookie on the client side request.
I remember they had a fair selection of beers as well.\n\nLook, you're not going to Primanti's for five-star filet mignon, posh decorations and furnishing and waiters in black ties and suits.\n\nYou're going to Primanti's for a big manly sandwich that gets right to the chase.
"The dictionary passed in, is constantly increasing in size" Do you mean that it's being modified while you're executing this code?
Query is executing and result is one record but record is totally empty.
Genemu JQueryColor Field Symfony2 error ColorPicker I try to use Genemu JQueryColor Field with Symfony2 It runs Exception Neither the property "colorpicker" nor one of the methods "getColorpicker()", "colorpicker()", "isColorpicker()", "hasColorpicker()", "__get()" exist and have public access in class "KALAN\NetRDVBundle\Entity\Station I try just No error, but just inpput text with code color I try No error, the background color is ok but i can change the color.
I just got lunch from here today.
This is a great sandwich, even deconstructed.
How can I test the Visual C++ Redistributable?
wed =I love the buffalo chicken horead agie and chicken parm hoagie.
I had the spinach and feta omelet with tomato, which came with a side of hashbrowns.
: ...)' adds these elements onto the end of the line.
Now these links have change structure, following default octopress structure.
One fix seems to be to use .
I think it makes getting an average dish more disappointing when last time, you got something so wonderful, but c'est la vie.
My favorite place to eat in Charlotte!
From first bite to last, it was delicious and is my new favorite thing.
Driving around Pineville at night, you're in Close Encounters - on this dark, twisty road and all of a sudden BAM the bright lights of some delicious Germanic Castle shine bright in the eyes.
If that's not rad, I don't know what is.
There are funny things throughout the place to catch your eye, like a pair of legs hanging out of the ceiling and a guy sitting on top of a deer or some other animal head.
Small place with an expanded dining room in back, and sometimes gets rather busy, but some of the best Mexican in Champaign.
However, I still need to use the back button to return to the home page.
I know is out of their control but maybe need a backup.
Most appropriate way to store/retrieve User Input in a eCommerce iOS application?
What is wrong with the query?
Hopefully he'll do something equally neat.
Don't get me wrong, the naan here is great, but more of that chicken would be better.
The low-points on the graph are relatively low so my assumption is that in this state the memory would not be very fragmented since there can't be a lot of small memory holes to be causing problems.
\n\nThe medical records were accurate, in this case, where they identified some tartar(which the vet said didn't warrant a dental cleaning until her next appointment) and that she needed a rabies shot(was $15 at the vet I took her to).
Since I bought my tires from them, I get them rotated for free for life.
If 2 variables have the same name in the same scope they will clash, the latter definition will overwrite the former.
I am trying to get the code working in iOS8
3) Run an embedded STOMP broker for your tests.
I will update this review as necessary after trying the sushi side of their menu.\n\nPros:\n\n- The food here is authentic.
I have seen several shows here over the years.
This makes your CGI scripts very small and easy to maintain, especially when you use the "standard" pragma.
I would definitely return to the Pine Cone.
If I take the parameters out and use It works perfectly and returns false.
Anyway, they asked me questions about my day, then performed it back.
Art, flowers, train car, its gorgeous.
First off, let me explain what's going on.
Add alias for jquery support in Eclipse Aptana Plugin I've managed to enable jQuery support using this tutorial and using code completion with: works.
Everything my party tried was great, very fresh and flavorful, and abundant portions.
So, if I have this code ...
Remember what you like and see what others have enjoyed.
Once a drug store, now an ice cream parlor.
This past weekend I was visiting Madison for a conference and ate at the Nitty Gritty with a group of 50 people.
Get files from remotePath that are not in localPath using C# I am using WINSCP functionality with an SSIS script task to move files from a remotePath to a localPath.
=) \n\nI will continue to stay here any time I am back in Charlotte for work.
:-) I also don't have to battle the SUV Soldiers looking for prime parking spots - because those people are CUT-THROAT and will most surely kill you (but seriously - they will.
Basically trying to replace all existing files with a redirect script to a new server for direct bookmarked people.
to know that b implements T1, and c implements A, T1 and T2) ?
Excellent spot for a date or a small celebration.
So is it possible If i develop this web service with Python and use it for a Java based webapp?
Data for the second drop down menu is obtained from a mySQL database.
If someone were to attempt to check in code that was not proper the reviewer could rightly reject it on the grounds that it is not internationalized, and would render the product unable to be fully localized.
The lunch specials are very affordable, even to high school students, and can be packed on days when school lets out early.\n\nAs far as the food goes, everything is delicious.
The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.
I will find excuses to wander to the east side, then say \""While I'm here, I might as well hit Monty's\"".\n\nAll-in-all, Monty's is making my life better.
I don't know how if this is an acceptable solution for you, but you can upload your own HTML (or any other type for that matter) files on Google Pages.
The only other change I made to the sample code occurs in the pom.
\n\nFive minutes later: \""It's got 25 Likes!
is the same as , but the copies were unaffected.
Swetha + Qdoba's Grilled Veggie Burrito = wheeeeeeeeeeeee!!!\n\nYummmy, yum, yum, and some more yum!\n\nOh yeah, don't forget to go in wearing sweats!
Flavorful spinach and cheese pillows of pasta cooked al dente and smothered with tomato basil sauce with a touch of cream.
and can probably be parsed with PHPWord and PHPExcel from PHPOffice .
In addition to clinics and climbing classes they also offer these aerial dance classes that while I haven't had a chance to try- are awesome from what I hear.
Per bucket , you need to get max and min value using max and min aggregation.
The food is maybe one notch below Copper (upscale Indian location in town) but the price is about three notches lower.
The food here is outstanding, and the service is comparable to what I'd expect in a $50/person restaurant, and this place is definitely not $30/plate.
However, they are to enter in an unlimited amount of times until a sentinel value is used.
(For that users who don't want to enter them any time) (browser info and resolution are hidden fields for statistics) The javascript code: If you say: dont use ajax, I tell, that I have tired it without it too.
They're fast, pleasant, and they are always busting their tails in this hectic place.
This is the code for connecting main screen to others: total_assets is the second screen and actinity_acc_soft is the main screen.
I've had quite a few local brews here as well as a selection of other crafts.
Most noteable is the cheese that they put on top of everything.
And that is delicious steaks, insane deserts and outstanding service.
The Capital Grille was a great experience overall.
Buffet price was a bit high though, so crack open that piggy bank!
Personally, I think that taking on all these unknowns is risky for someone who's "new to programming." Do you know anything about SQL or JDBC?
No, I lied, they're not gourmet, they're the frozen kind and they're awful, why would they charge so much for them?\nHowever, this place is fantastic!
(Explanation - angles and should be acute or right)
We were seated immediately and our server was quick to greet us.
I got a JSON response from that web service, but I am unable to get the distance from that JSON response in a javascript function.
You can also try this: This isn't really a substitute for scaffolding, though.
Is there a tool to do this so that everytime it sees a new build it will automatically invoke the ansible playbook.
Server then creates a communication socket between client and server and continues listening on the default port.
Add it to your project's config with Post-build Actions → Add post-build action → [ArtifactDeployer] - Deploy the artifacts from build workspace to remote locations .
I would like to observe the spring/summer atmosphere inwhich I'm anticipating another review to be 4 stars.
C++ linking the required DLL with the application Possible Duplicate: So im using the MinGw C++ Compiler(g++) and i created the simplest application which just prints "Hello World".
No need to clean up the place just keep the light down extremely low and no one will see the bar scum on the floors.
update so - trying to start simple i decided that at first ill only try to ask the user to type in 8 letters.
It'll be all in-memory in your application, and will be much more performant.
Also you can specify as which browser (chrome, firebox, etc.) to open.
They have a dish called Shahi Korma with lamb in an almond sauce...AMAZING.
All of this works just fine.
ESQL is deprecated by my point of view.
Depending on how TEXT is defined, the final value might be truncated and then, depending on the client you use to run the query, you may never know about that.
I also was surprised to see that each bathroom has an attendant with mints and mouthwash and the bathrooms are always clean.
Everyone that comes to Pittsburgh must try Primanti Bros at least once.
The price they charged me was much less than I expected, and I can honestly say it was the BEST car repair experience I have ever had.\nPlease take your car to these guys with confidence.
However, recently I stopped in for a shoulder platter, and everything was great, so go figure.
I opted for full sedation, even though it wasn't going to be covered by my insurance, because I just wanted to get it over with in the easiest possible way.
The Allied Army was made up of soldiers from the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Newfoundland, and the Free French - a total of 160,000 personnel.
The best in the city!\"" I bet that's true, and can't wait to have another dish that's usually a bit of a yawn, turn out to be a real surprise in the hands of this great Thai restaurant.
She especially enjoyed the big pendulum that you can use to draw that's by the main entrance to the museum...although we had to wait in line behind the other kids, which wasn't a lot of fun.
\nMaybe you are asking yourself how awesome can a grilled cheese sandwich really be please read on.\n\nThe cheese on my sandwich was melted all the way through no cold center to be found here.
First I would like to say that I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill.
There is no standard and each compiler and it's libraries differ from one another.
Perhaps, something like this: Perhaps not!
This is because is a so-called "unchecked" exception.
There is a DependsUpon element that you can use to make a file go underneath another:
\n\nSince the parking lot is so small, the Big Chill had valet available.
I went on a Monday and it was half off yellow and white tags.
I had a party here last night and the banquet facilities are top notch.
Saloon doors to the restroom amused me.
To make it more clear, this code will write each frame to seperate files perfectly: However, this code will only gives me an ArrayList full of the same frame (being the last frame of the gif) I thought that it was because I wasnt disposing of the graphics afterwards, but I tried creating a graphics object and disposing it and nothing changed.
\n\nAs we were finishing dinner last time, I commented that the curry is so good that next time we'd have to try the Pad Thai.
It will always be a diner.
My requestFocus() action on the JTable did indeed leave selection on the right row, but without any selection of the (single) column.
Well, three lines if you want to remove the , attributes.
The size of the sea bass was like of the entire whole fish.
The required maximum amount of requests is what has been defined with the customer or with whomever is in charge of the overall architecture.
Here is the sample code using generics.
TcpClient.GetStream() will throw an exception if the socket is not or no longer connected.
I tried using onchange="this.form.submit();" in both forms and I still get the same result.
The area where the electronics used to be it is now going to have a small grocery section.
But a few people let me sample their entrees.
I'm working with a web application that sends some non-standard HTTP headers in its response to a login request.
when you run it doesn't .
It's usually not done but that's more of a convention than any technical limitation.
at $8 for adults, $7 for kids, less the discount for going to the museum at the same time.\n\nWe didn't attend any of the several live demonstration/lectures that were going on around us, but they looked interesting.
They also have a tortilla maker as well.
My question is how can I find indexes of all matching records in this store?
I asked for the sour cream on the side, and there was a dollop of freshly whipped cream (not instant, I know these things) in the middle of both crepes.
A user's friends' data can only be used in the context of the user's experience on your application.
No different at all but on some shells # is used for the user with root privilege .
Also, I'm looking at this site: Not sure if that's the solution, but the problem the author is trying to solve is very interesting anyway.
\n\nIt really doesn't matter if you will be dining in or carrying out, you need to walk to the counter first to place your order.
I still have all those helmets.
Try this: // SQL Server 2008 R2
Binding data to ListView to display distance to nearby place using Google Places API with UWP Currently, I have a project to display nearby places with UWP using Google Places API.
Having lived in the southwest for 5 years, it doesn't measure up to what I got out in TX, AZ, etc.
Instead of duplicating the code as you showed, just trigger a click by adding to what you have when the document loads:
Later I am able to create an IButton like so: Sometimes it is necessary to create the URL to an image not for SmartGWT but for plain GWT or plain HTML.
Let's do something other than ice berg lettuce guys!
So beautiful and filled with many inspiration pieces.
I tried PHP5.6 for x86 and PHP5.6 for x64 I used lastet release in In Linux it seems to work normally.
The max function doesn't work, as it is only defined to take the maximum of two elements.
Old school -- I enjoyed the meatloaf and there are some really great options if you are dining with a vegetarian.
(I've always been more focused on the meat inside an app, not the GUI).
Also, is the function that returns 'hello' considered a closure?
Cross-year DatePeriod width DateInterval P7D losing new year week I'm trying to have an array of yearweeks using PHP DatePeriod like so : The result is pretty strange !
Try this JQuery code: JSFiddle: Above code iterates over all the elements inside the tag, strips each element's children and searches the remaining text for the search string.
\n\nMost of the bartenders are polite, patient, and fun.
it is cheap, hot, refreshed often, and has the standard selection.
They are super fast getting your food together and my order is always right!
That being said, it is mighty delicious.
To answer your question: There is no fixed formula.
I wrote a book at Coffeeworks, or at least a good chunk of one.
It is connected to the convention center but I've never been inside so I can't give an opinion on it.\n\nMy overall experience at the Westin has been positive.
is undefined behaviour and used for optimizations by some compilers (e.g.
\n\nThe food we ordered arrived fairly quickly.
Keep data on the server-side is, as it looks for me, just more secure.
Precor equipment, weights, benches, four treadmills and three ellipicals.
We have been to this location on multiple occasions and have never been disappointed.
Postgres Upgrade Interrupted, pg_version now inconsistent Recently attempted an upgrade from 9.3 to 9.4 on an Ubuntu 14.04 Postgres installation, something went awry and the system lost power midway through the upgrade.
It was like no other white sauce I have tasted before.
They also have some very nice beers.
For example think about the following case Now in case2 you can pass both the instance of MyClass and YourClass.
My code is breaking error [__NSArrayI frame]: unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x1c5f2e00
Prices match well with portion sizes aka we did not feel cheated.
if you want to print the date without timezone information, use SimpleDateFormat to format the date to you liking.
Cheap prices, homey feel, and the long lineage and history of South 21 gives you the bang for your buck for a fast and tasty meal.
You can do it by making changes in the ps_order_detail table.
They have combos and affordable food if you want something cheap; otherwise there big entrees are good and still not a wallet buster.\n\nI'd recommend this place to anyone on the west side or anyone making the trip South on I-85.
PostgreSQL - change precision of numeric?
Love this place!\nOne time a colleague was kind enough to get my lunch, but did not remember my preferences.
Looking into the CMakeError.txt shows: in the subsequent if-statement the second variable is therefore undefined.
Looking at my terminal window, every request seems to go through successfully.
Convenient location across from CPCC's IT building.
I ate there last night with two friends for a can't-make-the-wedding-so I-want to-do-something-special for you dinner.
giving an error about not being able to find fonts.
Not sure what your exact goal is, but I can think of two approaches to accomplish this without compiling: 1) Split up the values like so: in controller: 2) Use a function to return the string (I like using this anytime I'm doing anything binding that is non-trivial): in controller:
It's been a while since I've worked on this project, so it's not all at the top of my head &amp; I'm not sure I've done everything correctly ...
3: Lastly he asked if it is possible to used Singleton Object with Clusters with explanation and is there any way to have Spring not implement Singleton Design Pattern when we make a call to Bean Factory to get the objects ?
We had a great dinner at Baoding !
When I do press the button, I just get the original image in the email.
Then empty the line variable so that it can be used again.
Can anyone point me in the right direction?
However, you really should try to avoid this static lock.
You could associate the regex with a key in a hash, too, making this easier, roughly: EMAILS = { "Berkeley": /\A[\w+-.]+@berkeley.edu\z/i, "Washington": /whatever/ } Iterate over the hash to get the value and regex: Use the same method for your email validation by validating against the method instead of a simple regex as detailed in the Custom Validation section of the Active Record Validations Guide .
Starting from the PyDev perspective, if I select New->Project, and then select General->Project, the same crash occurs.
I was hoping someone could point me in the right direction.
I've tried debugging the code via Chrome but the button click on the Filter button is not even hitting the breakpoint.
My family goes here for birthdays, Christmas Eve, and anytime we have guests in town.
How can I define this in my model?
The idea is basically exactly the same as in the code you have posted, but it has not been wrapped into a function (and is therefore possibly slightly easier to debug).
Looks like Google forgot to add some fonts to the preview image.
In the case of my truck it has a solid rear axle so you can only perform a 2 wheel front end alignment.
Error message You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near 'INSERT INTO articles (catid,content,title,keywords,isactive) (SELEC' at line 2 SQL UPDATE The code itself works.
i have done the code am not getting errors but not getting the expected result in when i debug the code the following block of code is not executing i don't know what is the problem in this can you please help me any one
Once your compile operations work, then you won't get this error from make.
It's by no means bad though - it was comfortable and enjoyable - just not up to its potential.\n\nFINAL VERDICT:\nThis is a place you can take your friends who are visiting from NYC or Philly and have it more than hold its own.
Needless to say that was quite wonderfully sweet in a few ways!
In each library, there are many collections.
Our server was attentive but at times was a bit slow to refill our drinks.
How to copy installed apps along with data to other mobile using sdcard?
Love their spicy black bean dip and their black bean and pineapple quesadilla...
Here's where I call Library } Any suggestions?
Not a bad place to spend time between flights.
Their food is made of magic.
Can't install HTK on linux I wan't to use ALIZE for speaker recognition and after the instalation there is one of the steps: feature extraction using SPRO or HTK So I downloaded zip file of HTK and using terminal I configured everything, but when entering make all I'm getting this error: what does it mean and how to fix this?
When I do a I need to run inside of of the build output.
Anytime I'm home I come back for an enjoyable meal in the sun.
Can always snag a deal here.
My husband and I showed up on their doorstep just as they opened and I was desperate to have her evaluated by a fresh pair of eyes.
In asp.net version 4 this 'hack' action of postback does not work because of the extra security checks that version 4 includes.
He had the perfect mixture of banter with me---while waiting for food--- while allowing me to have quality time with my food when it came.\n\nI do not like onions and indicated that to Richard.
im using visual studio 2012 if that helps.
Now when a value succeeding a name in file2 is equal to one of the key numbers in file1, create a line construct that looks like: 'name:number_following_key_number_from_file1'.
my file is called I'm using carrierwave_backgrounder so i needed these instructions to process immediately.
I have tried this: The language is chosen by a drop-down-list.
A clause can count the number of matches and be sure that it matches the expected number in the first table:
Beats a chain highway place for sure.
So it's not jvm transmuting, or anything else that the wrapper is doing: the jar itself is broken.
The ribs, you must try them!
Google_maps_API::Custom_image I have been googling for quite some time now, and have yet to find a viable solution to using your own map images with the google maps API.
They grind their meat in house so you can get them as rare as you like.
My only complaint about the room...
I just need my car to last me another year or so until I can afford a new one.
Scan the array, if any , we know that the arrays are not identical, otherwise they are identical.
Since grok has the add_field and remove_field options I would assume that I could combine it all into one grok statement.
Additionally, on POSIX systems, to a certain degree.
Optionally there is a button so that you can download a few more Python modules.
Perfect hole in the wall, true pub.
I need the ability to extend an already existing service interface without breaking or updating any of its dependencies.
I recommended all my friends to come here for alterations because they kept the customer in mind (a high school student with a minimum wage summer job).
Could I export class names and package names into csv file?
Check out their menu on their website: www.luceristorante.net .
He played the Pennsylvania Polka for us Steeler fans, and it was magical (sorry QC peeps, you won't get that, and it's okay).
The speed traversing the image plus extracting features for each window takes around 1000 ms (1 sec).
Sometimes they will do this and char them a bit which is delicious but if your burger is cooked in the same spot the residual plant matter sullies the flavor of the meat.
After two orders, he said 'Blake?' Yes ma'am!
log4j:WARN Please initialize the log4j system properly.
Had an amazing take out meal from here.
BTW books blog articles and docs are appreciated as proofs for your answer…
This one works for me very well.
In the code-behind class: And in markup:
The staff is super friendly every time I'm in this store.
The place is kids friendly and is only about 10 minute drive from downtown Madison.
I need an endpoint locally on a smartphone.
Sometimes the service is a little...
I stayed here for a corporate holiday party that was held in their large ballroom and really enjoyed myself.
It emulates a real broswer, and is quite powerful.
I was not working, so I had a lot of time and wanted the shelter to feel right.
It was our first visit to Cains and we were very pleased.
So I just copied the whole class, added the path to my .xlsx file and tried to execute it but I get this error: This error is triggered in this line in the method : I use this dependency for maven: How do I fix this error?
How to make it work (I CANNOT change the line and also MUST return pointer).
Service has been great and one of the best club sandwichs in town.
The breadsticks were extremely fresh and flavorful among the best I had.
However, I'd cut them some slack here because the infrastructure is not built for 4000+ people hanging around the hotel.\n\nAll those problems aside, I thought service was good and this hotel has a good location with walking access to lots of restaurants.
Is placing static and volatile qualifiers after a type valid C++?
a file instead and then extract what I need with jQuery - and I probably also need some help making my HTML load the script i.e.
Online Check , This is just a demo example.
Simple Example: You can use these JComponent constants 2) Don't use concrete inheritance if it isn't necessary at all.
Everything time a touchUpInside happens, your IBAction will be called.
It's a pretty pricey store, but it was clearly an incredible place that any chocolate fan should explore.
At this point and over the years their play has been very mediocre.
texture cache in this context is usually at least as fast as local memory.
Assuming your data frame is named , run: The result is a data frame containing the model fits for each region: You can get a list with each model fit like so:
The applications are, if all works as intended, presented with an environment indistinguishable from Windows.
I am using following code to do this: I found this code on SO itself and modified it to make it usable for my case.
We will be back for sure.
However, as you can see on the x-axis, this is all Jan 1st 1970.
How to autheticate once in google drive api I have this problem about google drive.
I went with a group and we all had the Prix Fixe menu.
I'm going to start easy and just create a set with all integers from 2 up to 100.
All the implementations of the standard C Library functions like (malloc, strcpy ..) to name a few is implemented in these libraries.
And, yes, using a List might be easier than starting with an array, because you can easily add to a List&lt;> and then transform it into an array with little pain.
My experience has been that people will use more licenses than they purchase if this is not in place.
It seems, that your problem has indeed to do with UTF-8.
They have $1 Medium Drip Coffee on Mondays and as all Caribous do, have a trivia question o the day where you can get $.10 off your coffee.
I guess that may be a testament to the mediocre food.\n\nSo, if you are looking for a low key, mellow, old school (dark wood, framed pictures of landscapes a'la Rembrandt) place to check out, have a casual drink and appetizer, Dunnings is your spot.
\n\nMango Mochi is our children favorite dessert.
If you want you can make a custom annotator and include it in your pipeline you could go that route.
I think it took about 20 minutes to get to the line.
You can use twitter-bootstrap-rails first to get those files, and then overwrite them with bootstrap-sass.
For my main course I had the chicken with spinach and mashed potatoes.
But the question is too broad to provide a good answer.
In the end, you'll be doing more work to get something much slower .
They play faster than average with a low bounce unless you're a heavy top-spin hitter.
So if you have a PERSON table with columns id, first, and last Hibernate will let you associate those data with the private data members in your Person Java class.
but what i want is just one drawer on rightside(my recycle) any idea will be appreciated
Quick Question About IIS 7 Asp.Net Setup I have been trying to configure a small website on a Windows Server 2008 running IIS 7.
Your input text is full of a mix of word and non-word characters, so the only way to determine a word boundary is to look behind and ahead for spaces: where is a Unicode value.
I am a big fan of the angel hair and the lasagna.\n\nSome dishes may be a bit pricey, but at least you are getting quality for your money.
I didn't think this was good to add as an edit to the question, since it specifically goes over the resolution.
I would also add that transactional databases are meant to hold current state and oftentimes do so to be self-maintaining.
Okay, seriously I do live close by, but the food is pretty decent here and I really like the double deck outdoor seating when its not too hot.
I've been in Charlotte 14 years and this is the best place I've found for my eye care, and trust me, I've made the rounds!
My friend and I perused the map and decided on the Wolfgang Pucks Express on the single premise that neither of us had any idea what it was and never tried it.
Some users report ClassNotFoundException for launch activity Some users are reporting a crash for my App which I cannot reproduce or even verify.
javascript - onclick() requires two clicks to trigger event My problem is that when is triggered the first time, nothing happens, but when it is clicked a second time, the code is executed.
Beyond the fact that your waitresses are gorgeous smiling Beer Goddesses wearing short short skirts and knee-hi stockings...
I just have a problem with the entity names of the XML output.
.and the weather was beautiful down there so I took advantage.
This is my Man's favorite pizza place.
Just from what you have provided, I can't tell you why it won't work.
I think someone at Sak's Corporate read my last review.
It would be interesting to see what would be the output of this ruby snippet:
Pool great for laps, lemon water, lockers, fresh towels neatly stacked, attendants on hand.
EDIT: Thank you for the advice Eduard.
There's already an operating system called ReactOS that's pretty much what you're looking to build.
There are places where you'd rather they stop coming but here, they know when you need them.\n\nSo, I gave'hem a great review last time on their Exchange Room and Filet Mignon.
My error is 'java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: 6', with 6 being a random value, at the if statement in randomShot(); I have noticed that if I use the code it works perfectly fine.
I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them.
Then plan for it all to be in one database.
LMD ElPack includes TElTrayInfo component for exactly this purpose.
I like how Showmars employees bring your order to your table and return to offer you drink refills.
it will be my go-to spot for birthdays for sure!
The sandwich is something to see and eat especially after a night of drinking.
If you want the form to be submitted on the click event on the div, Listen to the click event on the specific div and call the submit method on the form the div resides in.
Selecting everything is very easy and it's done by self.textedit.selectAll(), but I can't find a simple way to deselect everything.
Example: I have selected "Austria" as region, and "German" as language.
The prices were good and the pizza good as well, now if they only had some inside seating.
Years after the first reviewer came here, the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.\n\nThe people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft.
Kindly let me know how to break the iteration in struts 1.2.
Make sure you have it without the extra powdered sugar and squeeze some lemons on it.
I would have preferred that over the dinner roll.
So in looking at this I guess I my approach was wrong.
Mary, one of the owners, told me it was her favorite, best on the menu.
If you don't believe me, take a look at the wall in the lobby.
So, how to understand the flatMap method of Try?
It is designed in Java and uses SWT gui components.
\n\nThe grocery has the best tortillas, tamales, and salsa in town.
We have been multiple times now, and never a bad experience.
\nParking is kinda difficult sometimes and only takes cash.
\n\nOnce they called me to let me know I had left a burned cd in their disc player and offered to drop it off with me while they were out doing their pick-ups.
And it's not easy to find a parking space.
The cucumber gin drink that was featured was also great.
He was extremely pleasant and personable.
\n\nI will definitely be heading back to this cheap, tasty hole-in-the wall.
JFrame simple moving oval moving game positioning fails?
Your characters.txt file can have entries like- Clear the data, re-index and query for the entered characters.
Details: These warning occur at the end of my distributed computations, and not for all instances.
I did not read the rest, but is probably fine, up to you how you implement this.
Time Warner Cable Arena is also new and kept very clean - it's always a pleasure to watch a Bobcats game or any other event that the arena hosts.
use the below code: hope this will help you.
The prices are cheap, the grub is good, and the place is uh...
According to the documentation , the Transact-SQL timestamp data type is just an incrementing number and does not preserve a date or a time.
It was delicious and I will definitely come back and try out different combinations!
An easy atmosphere, a menu with a good variety.
For those not from the midwest, it is a nice oasis.
Should I Add String Conditional Method to Helper or Model or ...?
In that case, you'd use the kwarg.
I am just glad that there is a huge double decker parking lot.
Can a ClickOnce application return a value to the page that loaded it?
It does create a zombie instance.
is also good for the page header or for a 's header not just for articles.
The selection is unmatched in the Charlotte area, and the wait staff is usually really knowledgeable about all the new beers they get in.
The crepes were great come in a stack of three.
One call depends directly on the result of the other.
Family friendly, but you can also do a date night here just as easy.
As I am Executive Emerald with National, mine was the first stop in the Emerald aisle where I got to choose any car that I wanted.
I always get two lengua tacos.
Can a server ignore an SQL request when sending several requests in the same WHILE?
\n\nCeramic tea cups in the lobby coffee stand.
I try just Or The error is the same Neither the property "colorpicker" nor one of the methods "getColorpicker()", "colorpicker()", "isColorpicker()", "hasColorpicker()", "__get()" exist and have public access in class "KALAN\NetRDVBundle\Entity\Station".
Okay - thanks for the heads up!\n\nI also had to move the day last minute due to some scheduling problems with my bestie, but we were able to easily reschedule luckily.\n\nWe arrived for our massages probably about 10-15 mins early.
You walk in and can feel the roasted beans scurry up your nostrils to only have you feel delighted as you now bath in its smooth roasted goodness.\n\nThe downside here is there is really nowhere to sit and it's really just meant as a place to stop in and leave as oppose to hang around.
When testing with the caching framework locally with the dev server, using the profiling middleware and either the FileBasedCache or LocMemCache, Django's very fast.
This is my OK code in QT 4.7:
Lots of vegetarian options and nice atmosphere.
This place would be ideal for a date night.
Great atmosphere great service great food!!
The problem with the date format is because you are converting it to a string and then back to a DateTime value.
Then check to see that both comboboxes have values selected.
Best gnocchi I have ever had (and I don't even really like it that much; something about it just called to me).\n\nAnd then they wrap you up with a dessert table.
Many of the concepts that will be commonplace in C# will just not map over the same way into C++.
I searched and only found out that i can modify the css only.
But of course you should plug in your actual data and results will probably be better.
Turn the device off completely and turn it back on.
The food is French, mostly crepes, and pretty tasty.
Even with a German halftrack, the battle is lost for the Germans!
2 drop down menus w/o submit button I would like to know how to submit two drop down menus w/o a submit button.
I ended up using ti.imagefactory module.
Given: It assumes the columns are in the order the fields are defined..(but would be easy to extend to read an attribute or something) This works: Such that: Note: It's probably not very fast with lots of data either..
They have good fresh salads and cookie dough for sale also.
It makes it easier to grab with the chopsticks =) Also they have less grisley pieces in this meatball Pho.
Error: 0403-012 A test command parameter is not valid.
\""Rocking chairs and free wireless.\"" Borrowing from David S.
I am now getting a 404 error message in the browser when I run the local server from Leiningen.
Friendly but unattentive and not good at realizing when to come to the table.
My dining companion went with the eggs and country ham (ooh- that is some salty ham!) Both were served with a side of home fries.
How do I specify the whole domain?
Just don't eat for a day or two prior to your visit.
The broccoli cheese soup is also very tasty.
When starts, it brings up two buttons.
After the great pastry basket, my appetizer, a Bellini and a cup of coffee, I had two bites of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag (\""the rest\"" included fruit salad, potatoes, and a croissant!)\n\nMy only complaint would be how long everything took.
I want my canvas and background image to scale to any browser size which I have learnt is possible through this.
I believe I've found my new favorite restaurant.
It's convenient since we live in Lawrenceville.
I'm not a salad guy but this was exceptional, diced salad and vinaigrette, chopped bacon, diced egg .....it was great!!\n\nif there are better steaks ....
Service is quick, knowledgable and incredibly courteous.
It's important to note, that the entire wait staff was sharp, clean and well dressed.
And they have so much to choose from, too.
You will have to pay quite a bit of money here to get entertained.
I run into him every now and then at Snug Harbor and it's a trip.)\n\nThis is my group's standby go-to place for celebrating birthdays or showing it off to friends in town, but you may find us there on an average Saturday as well.
And inside the different my_layout.xml file define either one, two or three linearlayouts you need.
Then you can run If this is a new app, exists solely on your localhost i.e.
On that way I am avoiding empty printed pdf pages.
Let say I have 100000 rows in table.
My family and I were here the other night.
What you want is the following: And for the device capacity, which there may be better examples, but this returns the space that is reported by the system: Note that the above example may return "14.37 GB" for a 16GB device (where 14.37 is the number the iOS reports, presumably the space after iOS is installed.
(Other parameters are available and their default values are described in the .
In the bad old days before there were databases, files made up of records often had, as the first field of each record, a "record type".
Treating 1900 as a leap year also made it easier for users to move worksheets from one program to the other.
My favorite is the hallway of movie posters featuring movies filmed in NC.
Does webRtc Hybrid app run on IOS I want to develop IOS application using sdk like rtc.io I want to know whether javascript based hybrid application will run on IOS or not?
She was very informative, knowledgeable, and welcoming.
I don't know if coming early would help any...
It's pretty easy to set up.
Below is the code before it is rendered: Here is how the code is rendered if @account_types.destroy_date is not present.
A couple of larger groups, but plenty of choice of seating.
You are on the right track this is indeed accomplished using ajax.
I myself love jQuery plugins and always like to push code into a plugin when necessary.
Not only are their facilities in awesome condition, but the amenities they offer while cleaning your clothes give them a huge edge over any other laundromat in Pittsburgh.
In my experience an uncleared interrupt is often the cause of a perpetually cycling interrupt.
Have you thought instead about using two separate views instead, and have your conditional logic in your controller determine which view to display.
We to do it by looping through the values.
So the practical answer to your question is:
They lent me an umbrella to stave off the snowstorm that was raging outside.
I want to traverse this new method and so on.
Views can't dynamically add columns based on the data in them.
I only looked at the vegetarian menu where every entree is about $10 for dinner, and while that's no steal nor does it compare to Thai food prices in Thailand, it's decent.
In other news, there is Karaoke on Friday nights, and a couple of pool tables if you're interested.
Solution Here is the working solution I ended up with:
This page works fine on my laptop &amp; my other colleagues laptop.
How to retain the shell returned from runtime.exec(); I'm making a terminal app and using the following code Problem is that everytime is executed, a new is created.
The water temperature is still cold even it is 80 degrees out.
How can I get rid of the repeated words.
But had to wait another 15min.
Beware that parking is a disaster.
Klavon, the grandson (I think) of the original owner, still runs the place.
I've had so many different sundaes over the years.
I'm running Windows 8 in Parallels on a Mac, so my initial hunch was that it was a video card driver issue, but no other browser in Windows 8 exhibits these artifacts.
Easy stop off the highway for cheese of all kinds, jerky, beer, gifts and souvenirs.
Over all, not your best showing.
I'd planned on an unmedicated birth, and the doctors were all supportive.
I imagine keeping them in the closest / fastest locations will allow me to iterate over them repeatedly much faster but I dont understand the implications of caching in this scenario.
I love their wings and their hot dogs.
Could someone explain what is going on and how I can solve it and prevent from happening next time?
Toning it down on the drinks can easily bring your bill down to a manageable twenty bucks for two people.
Now with this design, showing the login screen is as simple as performing any modal segue.
i have nodejs config file(backend) in which some configuration data is defined: i have to access and parameter in angular(client side).
We tried using .order_by(None) on the query, but that seems to have no effect.
With all that downtown has to offer, it does make sense that the arena is located in the heart of the action.
The burgers are yummy (you can sub in chicken or black bean), the fries and rings are tasty.
Newer versions raise a warning in that case.
I have come here many times after class to get a burger a beer and catch up on studying.
No one checked our baggage, there was no hand raping from a TSA agent, just walk in and board your train, I finally had to start a conversation with an Amtrak employee to just make sure this was the Crescent train we were suppose to be on.
I enjoy Italian food a lot, I've worked as a cook in a tuscan restaurant, and I happen to be Italian; therefore, I love Penn Mac Co..
\n\n\nThey also serve Afternoon Tea, which I'm sure is fabulous!!!
I think you're pretty much there you're just missing one part.
Since we have a family membership (which I highly recommend), we typically pop in for an hour or two at a time, focusing on different areas of the complex in Oakland every time we go.
Had a combo platter because I wanted some fried chicken too and I thought the whole deal was pretty solid.
\n\nDefinitely recommend giving this a try.
Their beers are decent, not the best in town, though.
cool atmosphere and cocktails as well.
I'm not sure that it does anything with the param that you have in your URL's so I'd guess you're trapping and processing that yourself.
Can someone help me on this?
Use a generic method to handle the list:
Below is a sample of the text file where the first line ( ) is the nominal value, line two ( ) is the tolerance and the following lines are some resistors.
Honestly, seriously and absolutely the best freakin' chicken fingers I have ever had.
Soba is Big Burrito's take on Asian fusion.
The waitstaff is friendly and actually speaks Spanish.
So naturally, we did the only thing we could...
Note that this solution works to the best of my knowledge - your example doesn't show us modelset.
\n\nThe buffet included sauteed green beans with carrots (fresh of course, not canned or frozen), broccoli & cheese casserole (delightful -no condensed cream of mushroom soup in that casserole!), whipped potatoes with turkey gravy on the side, turkey, cranberry sauce (they had 2 - one with actual cranberries, and one of the icky congealed canned stuff), and a large assortment of breads and rolls.
The fish I ordered was decent.
I'm wondering what could cause this.
The mussels, clams, shrimp, halibut and scallops were cooked to perfection.
So, in short, even if it was possible, please don't.
Plenty of fountains and garden decor.
The burger was enormous I could only eat 1/2.
The crust had a slightly sweet flavor, was a tad doughy/soft, but was super thin and had a very good flavor.
As for , this will happen because locally, the toolbelt will look for the environment variable as one solution to try to fetch your token.
Can anyone help me with this?
They still have the same side and position.
EDIT: If you don't know which fields are changed (and don't want to use a ORM Tool) then you need to keep the original DataSource (a datatable, dataset?) used to populate initially your fields.
While loop have to stop before popup.
Everytime I've gone, they've offered at least two specials of the day, which shows some kitchen character.
I have tried other laundromats in the area but prefer this one over all.
The flat bread with hummus - delicious (the hummus had a citrus taste to it).
Here is the code: The issue is that for some texts it works fine: The entire .txt file prints out onto the terminal window.
How do I enable my code to handle overlapping animations?
If you don't mind adding an extra step of selecting the camera roll from an album list you can try changing your sourceType from SavedPhotoAlbums to PhotoLibrary: After selecting the desired album, the next photo selection view will show the most recent images at the bottom.
Yes, your car is guarded in a private secure lot!!\n\nGet over the location, this is the gem of gems!
\n\nThere are also plenty of options where food is concerned.
Three days and $7 later, I was reunited with my blouse, looking as good as new.
Rocky is a very nice guy who gets things done on time and does great work!\n\nIt would be a little more convenient if the establishment wasn't cash only, but in my experience the best places are.
I have created a template class which takes two plain template parameters (like int or double) and have derived several other classes from it: I need to design a structure which would allow compiler to build a std::tuple based on list of template types and their parameters (B type in code snippet above).
And god bless the mac & cheese.
I didn't take advantage but there is a bar in the lobby.
I stopped by Monday, the first day I felt it was nice enough to take my munchkin for a stroller ride.I like the simple clean layout of this place,no clutter and you can see a lot of the kitchen always a good sign.
I would go with the first option as it makes little sense to make different actions just for filtering articles/content.
Inner Peaks is THE place to climb in Charlotte.
The pictures below describe it nicely.
The shelves were neat and the store had a pleasant atmosphere.
There were soo many flavors and all the ingredients were balanced.
Is your cc.net server internet facing?
The interior goes great with the food; lots of vintage Americana items and newspaper cutouts of stunning reviews of the food.
I paid, took our number, and sat down.
The mac n cheese was very cheesy and satisfying.
Chicken, burgers, chix salad, reubens, Italian beef and even BBQ pork.
That realization came about from a trip to the lovely LuLu....\n\nI had an adorable vintage dress I had bought in Chicago last summer that was too large in all the wrong places and I kept putting off getting fixed.
Was worried when we saw poor rating on Yelp.
If you don't know the answer or can at least point me in a better direction, I would trully appreciate it!
The happy hour bar bites, however, are still offered.
SFO, you should hang your head in shame.
\n\nThe middle area has another bar, and some seating areas, but not much, and the back area has the famous mechanical bull, great for people watching.
\n\nDefinitely coming back to Chet's the next time my car is being a piece.
double array in cell, how to indexing?
(Jeff's post suggest Google requires one; but I don't know if that still true)
You can really fill up on some gourmet food and classy, flavorful martinis...for cheap!
If you are using the 3.x version, more information can be found at this link :
With no luck on trying to display the stream on tag, I just tried to display it on a new window.
I'm looking for a collection just like but I don't actually need a key and value.
During the summer grab a seat on either the front patio for people watching, or the back patio for a nice quiet and private drink.
\nRome wasn't built in a day.
My idea is having a menu that the user can scroll through.
I've tried selectWindow("ROI Manager"); before with no luck.
Having heard enough good things, we opted for the Omakase (chef's choice).
The date field on the package description is not always up-to-date.
In short, I don't know what do to, or really how to accurately describe what I'm trying to do...
\n\nI went to the front counter and when I was told what the total was for the day, I burst into tears (not my proudest moment).
Their body work person offered to epoxy it, but that didn't stay on very long.
You will leave each time with a slightly damp, but happy child.
\n\nThe gym was clean and all the equipment was new.
catch mongo requests from app server I have a MVC .net application, running on IIS, that uses mongo.
My problem: My tree structure can get quete big, lets say 50 nodes.
\n\nI don't have one favorite dish because I usually order one of the specials, which change often.
I have one fix image which should animate from touch position to cart-image placed on right-top corner of the screen.
I then made an if-else loop saying if the result of the formula was less than or equal to the variables the coordinates were in the rectangle otherwise they were outside.
The lobster is the best lobster I've had (and I live in Seattle).\n\n-They also have a great selection of local and import beer.
They only had the mini-bar fridge and you have to request a key to unlock it.
This means that you would have 'subtree' up to some point of history, and submodule later.
I hope there's a way of doing this nicely that will work on all of the major browsers.
Otherwise, they'll get up out and on to your destination.
The turkey sausage and pancakes, on the other hand, were the best I've had in Charlotte.
$2 beer specials and live music on a beautiful Sat evening.
There are likely to be several "problems", or ways to make it faster.
They're known for their burgers and on this occasion the hype suits the reality.\n\nThe inside becomes somewhat cramped during their busy hours but I always seem to get seated quickly.
Is it possible to read an LLVM bitcode file into an llvm::Module?
This is not a big store, but I can find almost 90% things I need to cook.
But i've to refresh the page for removing the row from the page.
First, Core Data works with objects not raw values like this.
You are already inside a code block; Razor does not parse within code blocks for other code blocks.
Test if you can request from other apps (like safari).
the decor is excellent and its dark and even romantic.
I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online .
Attentive staff and sportsbar-meets-college bar ambience.
The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.
You can use a , and, inside it something like this:
I also had a few bites of the penne pasta with marinara sauce and chicken.
In your condition you are compering a string with a integer.
Tonight, I think they had some new fries out.
The food is always great and the employee there are very kind.\n\nMy family and I go there for lunch all the time!
I have the menu structure like below, In the above menu the whole li has .
SA-MP (San Andreas Multiplayer) is a multiplayer mod for Grand Theft Auto San Andreas allowing users to play against each other over the internet or LAN.
Unless you are developing some real-time stock trading system, I seriously wouldn't even worry about it.
I'm working on a script that handles connections to different devices, reads from some of their handles using and dynamically creates a file with those values.
At least for me, it makes it more straightforward to keep straight the various levels at which I'm trying to operate.
In my solution the brackets for are the brackets for the entire class.
Can you try with something like this:
If you just want a simple, straight across the back haircut, go to supercuts.
Your code is a bit messy but a quick fix will be to add: where your is.
In MapReduce, have the first line of your mapper parse the line it is reading.
Order fried calamari and it was OK...note to self next time try the calamari roman style.\n\nLike the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting.
Oh, and the imported cheese really bolstered the salad, sending a usually ho-hum affair into the stratosphere.
There's two saloons in the South Hills.
I am using jQuery 1.6 and I have a text field for which I would like the cursor to be positioned at the end of the string\text after the field receives focus.
The same script it posts at the end of the page.
My current code does the job, I'm just not sure if it will leak or cause any problems.
So: Second: for loops are a really inefficient way to modify data.frames, because of how data.frames are stored and modified: every time you tweak a value, you're actually recreating the data.frame in its (new) format and assigning it to the old name, which is computationally expensive with big objects.
Do you know what type of server your using?
But I want to have this login form always in my header too (on my layout.twig ).
The brunch isn't anything to write home about but they also offer North Carolina draft beers for $3.50 on Sundays as well.
I ended up wasting about 1/3rd of my beverage.
I leave this important note from before ANYTIME YOU USE CRON I cannot emphasize enough the importance of specifying completely the full path of all sh files, files in arguments and any files you want to pipe output too such as >> /mydirectorywhereiwantit/output.txt in full in both your crontab file and your sh files script files.
First, the waitstaff at this place are incredible.
This look up works fine and the entire application works fine for the first time after WAS is restarted.
\n\nI browsed through the store and was pleased with the variety I found, lots of organic selections as well!
\n\nNow I have to be on a diet :-)
The action associated with these menu items is a class I created ( CopyAction ) which extends org.eclipse.jface.action.Action .
How to display message box in desktop I have win form application.
Some really good, some right on mediocrity, which is very common with buffet.
For the name, the label is on the right.
Java DecimalFormat problem I would like to format numbers of type double with a German locale in Java.
I have tried everything: chicken on a stick, fried rice, egg rolls, vegetable lo mein and pancakes.
One company can have many employees and a employee can only be employed at one company.
Served quickly, which gave me plenty of time for the nice walk to and from work.\n\nDINNER: For dinner, when I had more time, it was always nice to venture into one of their other great seafood offerings.
Answer Set Programming: Group into two sets so that those who like each other are in same set, and dislike = different set I'm basically a beginner to Answer Set Programming (CLINGO), so I've been attempting this problem for hours now.
Pretty solid place to hang out, eat some good pizza and drink some good beer.
I could get in serious trouble here.
We were booked at 1:00 and he didn't start tattooing till 2:00, I believe another appointment went over, but we were out by 6:00p and only paid $300.
it was very tasty, and was a decent sized portion for sure!
It can basically do anything with SQL Server that you need to do - run data queries, run DDL queries, execute stored procedures and so forth.
You can add these to your document.
If you've never been to Mortons and you are watching your budget go to the bar have a cold beer and order the PRIME cheeseburger trio or the Filet sandwiches for only 6 DOLLARS.
Try this It's working on my local machine.
However, the service, decor, and bar selection are top notch!
And as you see in the attached file, I can't save it clean.
I give her mad props, b/c I was not without a beer throughout the entire set.
It can be used with any engine (bootstrap, jquery-ui, jquery only) and includes both popup and inline modes.
I think your is really a , a point can be anywhere in the space.
And then of course I can log out as it is running as a service.
My water glass was never empty.
Once I click on a picture from the ListView, I get his position, stop Executor from the adapter and ask to the FilterFactory for a rendering.
Look at Java ME documentation .
The single jar referenced by the JNLP has been signed.
It's just awesome: classy, hip, with great food and service.
(Im guessing it means that one of the connections timed out, perhaps an ACK wasnt heard back from at an appropriate time).
Here is my XML: And here is my Schema: Thanks for your help!
Delicious, mouth watering diner food at diner prices.\n\nThey are open for breakfast, brunch and lunch.
My lunch included fried cod mac and cheese and stewed tomatoes with a roll and butter.
Already php sms function convert to C# success i have already configured SMS gateway &amp; some php code.Now my project is thatone convert it to Csharp with minor changes, probably i have to write new code.but so..
The answer here is to rewrite this using , as recommended in the Javadoc StringTokenizer is a legacy class that is retained for compatibility reasons although its use is discouraged in new code.
This is by far the richest bolgolgi I have ever tasted.
is returning null, so you're writing "null" down to the server.
The Mozzarella is creamy and floats on top of the sauce in a gooey little pockets.
One of our favorite Madison restaurants!
VERY nice touch!!\n\nOverall, this is THE place I go to when I want to hit up a non-major outlet on the near Eastside.
Lastly this place has THE BEST USO EVER!!
The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly.
EDIT: I don't know why I didn't notice this before but I see a difference that may help explain this.
\nThere was only 1 show open when I went cause it was early in the season.
This is code from Clocale class : And here is code view I called: If I change private to It will return result.
DelegateEvents: Child itemViews's not removed on deletion of model from collection I've a collectionview ItineraryEditorView that is swapped in and out of a layout region.
And then if they are low (something like "4092 8760 11680"), then try setting them to larger values: Then try your test again.
How to convert the java String to different languages Currently I am writing some text to pdf.
Change your sql to something like: First one is condition, second will be returned if condition is satisfied, third if not.
The atmosphere = not top notch.
The old building combined with the large Motel sign caused me to pause and think of going somewhere else.
probably store it somewhere and attach another handler to the p:menuitem so when it was selected it could modify the outcome before calling it?
What code is being used here for use with fonts and glyphs?
To have the build step marked as , you need an exit code of .
Been a fan of this place since they moved to Pineville from the Independence location.
drawing might get screwed up or worse..
If yes how is it different from, if we have used "this" as a monitor object instead of "msg".
I'd heard a lot of good things about this place so when I had the opportunity to plan an event for a group of my girlfriends Mama Ricotta's immediately came to mind!\n\nI'm happy to report that this place didn't disappoint!
Labor prices are reasonable, it's just hard as hell to get an appointment.
Note that the dot is not the true origin; I've tweaked your code a bit: Or, if you want to get even simpler:
\n\nGrab your shoes and wallet and make your way there.
This airport also has a crew of 70 airport volunteers to ensure your stop at CLT is a positive experience.\n\nI hear that they even have a large area for watching taking off and landings complete with a picnic area and park benches.
Something like: And then later on i would be access it.
I'll say I'm a fan even though I can agree with the other reviewer that customer service here might be an issue.
Here is my data I am working with: Out: Selection of p and q values: In: arma_mod = sm.tsa.ARMA(indexed_df, (3,3), external_df).fit() z = arma_mod.params print 'P- and Q-Values:' print z Out: Here´s what i do to forecast out of sample: In: Out: I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS ERROR!
Ask again, when you run into trouble with "special cases".
Visited the Waldhorn last Friday evening in attempt to fit in the last weekend of their Oktoberfest Celebration.\n\nWhen I think of where I want to eat, German food doesn't exactly jump to the front of the line...
It is working perfectly in previous version of Corona SDK.
In Android I achieved it using MvxGridView and Layout templates.
My wait was minimal, the staff were polite and I wasn't being jerked around.
The gallery was indeed closed, rather, roped off for the trading of exhibits but what I could see was exciting.
Have you tried to look at this one?
Good selection of food that is reasonably priced.
Lobby area is a large open space that gives me a travler-friendly feeling.
Regarding your second question about getting the solid as a point cloud; it is possible.
The money will soon be spent on milk to wash these puppies down.
You could also use analytic functions to compute the number of NULL values for the name and filter by that:
you can add the accepted tags to strip_tags as second parameter ex.
Also, I'm not clear what you are doing with $result and $marks - I am assuming they are columns on your Qualification table.
though this is the way to select rows that have no match I do not see how you want to get the desired result from these tables, I believe you missed something in your illustration.
Does anyone know how to get the GUID from a PDB file?
Also, the chicken tortilla soup is to die for.
For example using jQuery: Nothing really changes for your object values, but it gets encapsulated in jQuery's object and the reference has changed, so JayData thinks it's value has changed and sends the updated values to the server.
The set up was nice and not once did I feel packed in like sardines.
TableB has a column 'State' which has a foreign key to TableA.Id.
(note that we use shared hosting).
How do you know that the request is not valid?
I want to add html code to a php variable, a anchor tag link actually.
Actually an array is a fixed pointer to the first element in the array (I think this is known as an L-value).
How can do that without the cast?
So, if anyone stumbles upon the message while trying to install his/her manipulated packages, be sure to include the format in the re-pack step:
Updating IValueConverter through code I'm trying to figure out if its possible to update an IValueConverter through the code behind.
I enjoyed the accommodations as I was provided with a King bed, big screen TV (thankfully I caught the last half of the epic rematch of the Bronco's vs Chiefs game), a large tub, etc...
The only reason why it is not 5 stars, is they need to update the downstairs, and possibly the upstairs bathrooms.
\nFor dessert you must try the creme brulee...
The stairs are very squeaky but you can't hear them inside the rooms.
2) The java class contains a constructor function and three public functions: The "new QAndroidJniObject" returns non-empty,but the the following functions connot execute,why?
PoEdit does not see gettext in html tags I use PoEdit.
It's also possible to check for particular attributes and methods, to fake structural type constraints (you could even put the checks in an external function, thus effectively getting a named structural type!).
Previous and Next would then update the page number and display the appropriate page: After you get that version working, you can generalize it to allow an arbitrary number of pages by constructing the file name from the page number instead of storing filenames in a list.
Despite earlier post i read it was plenty!!
On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults), Discovery Place shows movies that are worth checking out--so do check them out.
The portion I have circled and shown in picture.
There is a disconnect here between this name, the decor and the food.
Use the counting sort algorithm by creating an array of size Max(A) and scanning and bumping the counters of the appropriate index in (we don't actually need to complete the counting sort algorithm, we just need this intermediate step) .
I believe you should, and in fact, it is an accepted good practice.
\n\nIf you bring a bag they will have you check it in one of their quarter lockers.
I feel that grease and hooch battle it out in my tummy and grease always wins.
and extremely helpful staff.\n\nATM is located on the first floor but the cafeteria and gift shop do take credit/debit cards so if your card is NOT signed be prepared to show ID, it is their policy!
I am not cool enough for this place.
This is where I got my pet rat, Splinter, she was a quality rat.
I am only able to see the objects I created in my inbox.
It's clean & the food selection is top notch.
In your first example is nothing wrong, just is related to only inherited properties which will not work.
Overall it was another solid meal at Tram's for me.\n \nThe bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here again in the future.
My first real German food experience and I can't wait to go back.
Tons of faves like wings and burgers but the intriguing \""Codfather,\"" which I will take part in at some point!
\n\nAlso, you feel like you're walking into a friend's kitchen to grab lunch with the chatter going on.
This was the first night we had left our newborn daughter at home with a sitter and the whole ride there I was thinking \""I hope this is worth it!\""....
Quick example of drawing the line in the Paint() event, and allowing it to be toggled with a Button: This approach allows you to change the coords from somewhere else and call Refresh() to update the screen.
But I very much enjoyed seeing the owls, vultures, hawks, falcons, eagles, kestrels, and lively visiting corvidae (ravens, crows and magpies).
\n\nThe first floor of the house is very clean and neat, but has a very comfortable and cozy feel.
Even if you create a 'File' object, you pass the name of the file as a String only and that String is maintained inside the File object as one of its members.
Yes, please!\n\nFirst, I'd like to clarify that the sandwich is NOT as big as other reviews may make it out to be.
Make and be s, and replace with .
Everything works fine for like 2-3 hours, then I am getting this error (browser.close is causing this): And this is the code: I am running this on ubuntu and jruby 9.0.4.0 As suggested here, I added sleep But it's not working
I try to eat healthy on most days, but sometimes you just want to be bad and scarf down a couple chili dogs.
\n\nIf you are interested in a trail ride or beginner lessons, they have some really gentle horses.
if can , then how to load them in c files ?
Cannot uninstall ionic using npm on Mac I am trying to switch to ionic2.
I am very new to the python world and want to determine if there is any similar way like Java Finalize where we can perform some operations before and object is destroyed or there are no more references to the object
love the fried wontons and chinese doughnuts...yum!
Take a look at smarter_csv which allow chunk and parallel processing of CSV files.
The owner is so nice and is truly concerned with each client in the salon.
\n\nNow I'm mentally going through my closet thinking of all the things I'm excited to have her custom fit for me!
Is there anyway to trigger the back button while using the above method?
Best nail salon in C-U area.
I couldn't let worry prolong the inevitable, however, with grey starting to peek out and ends beginning to split, so I did what anyone would do by asking around, reading reviews online and praying.
it's a bit of an usual approach of trying to 'grab' the active outlook object...
We also love having their Mango Sticky Rice for desert when it is in season.
However, my special concern is about the command sent to the server.
My problem lies with using a NSMutableArray as an instance variable, and trying to both add objects and return the array in a method in my class.
VERY meat heavy, but I'm sure there is always something veggie-friendly, but never expect vegan-friendly.
If you're a fan of steaks it doesn't really get batter than the palm.
If you declare a function (including a destructor) virtual in a base class, all its derived classes will have the function with same signature virtual as well.
I grew up in Champaign and now live in LA, and this place is on my list of about 5 places i HAVE to eat at when I come back home to visit.
A great place to gather with a small group of friends and drink some beer.
Bring back the Superbowl this year and every year after that!
Husband and I started out with an Asparagus Maki Roll appetizer, with tempura asparagus, tamago, roasted local shiitakes, scallion, and a spicy lemon ponzu.
I love the Pamela's scene but sometimes you need that bloody mary to hold you off until you can dig into your home fries.
But I wanted to tighten up the syntax a little to make it more consistent with the other specs in the same tutorial:
What impresses me is that every few years they renovate, expand, freshen up or add something new.
The Chicken Parmesan Sandwich is truly a delightful meal, and I have yet to have any sandwich that was not anything but delicious.
It's of course still not faster, but you don't get to feel it.
In php, array_search defaults to nonstrict comparisons ("=="), but you can add a third parameter to force strict ("===").
This is not the place to go if you are dieting as they are GENEROUS with the butter.
If you had the some problem as I, it's very simple.
When I heard about the slightly sweet sauce served on a Fiori's Pizza, I was doubtful about whether or not this would be a place for me.
\n\nThe best part is that it's never too crowded.
They also have a daily specials menu, at least for dinner.
I came here for lunch, and since the last time I've came here they changed the menu.
A relaxed, clean atmosphere.\n\nMy table of 5 started with chicken strips, good and standard and spinach dip.
getLine doesn't stop My program goes something like Behaviour: I get "input a" printed, and the program waits for me to type a Char and press return.
There were several tables available and both guys who waited on us were extremely friendly.
I fixed it by adding to the definition of myclicked().
I wrote a blog post some days ago about moving virtual machines from one subscription to another (
In my Spring MVC web application I have a web form to upload images.
Hub and I shared and they split it into 2 bowls for us which was great since he had a bit if a cold.
That's an error Windows gives when you're trying to bind to an address on the local machine that's not assigned to any of the adapters on the machine.
Ev everything here is very good.
WAY marked up, but you can get a good Gewurtz that goes well with the spider roll just the same...\n\nThey also have great seafood dishes, nothing I have tried has been bad...
This should take some time to build and then start your example.
Yum.\n\nHave been here a few times, and have never left disappointed.
The beer selection is also very good.
The queuing of the HTTP requests is really a standard thing to do, so that should not be a big problem.
\n\nOh and they also have an extensive vegan menu if that's your thing.
By McDonald's standards, this location is downright luxurious!
\n\nSince I had no steady income and I couldn't use my insurance, they were able to put me on a sliding scale plan and I donated what I could give them each time I came in.
There was six in our party and we had a 7:30 reservation.
BTW that move also came with a name change - they are now S.
(It takes a few days.) I definitely recommend this as something different to do with friends or on a date!
My date had one of the noodle dishes with tofu and really enjoyed her meal as well.
Needs to be in LITTLE_ENDIAN order:
Thanks Yelp and bobcats.\n\nIt was nice being able to walk in the executive entrance right beside the players I was about to see.
if you have a file , you'd use:
There was a jazz band playing which gave the place a good atmosphere.
Three of us tried the Scrambled Eggs Crepe with sausage, the Creamed Spinach Crepe with bacon and caramelized onions and the Hamburger crepe...you heard me, a Hamburger crepe!
Yes, my steak was amazing, but you can get an amazing steak at other venues.
Everything works fine during the first 3 min, then the code begins to slow down, then it appears to be totally stuck.
Got a deal on Priceline for a couple of night here.
Here's the code I had: And then: $(".news_index").on('click',function(){ load_elfinder('news_index'); }); Now this function doesn't work.
\n\nSpicy scale is 1-10: ask for the spice caddy with pickled jalape\u00f1os.
Burgers are really tasty and just hit the spot.
Method B) seems to follow the general tenet of performing as much logic as possible in your view, and simply passing along the final results to be displayed in the template.
\n\nIf you are into \""bomb\"" shots the Chuck Norris shot is something you need to try.
To top it off we had the rice pudding dessert which was similar to flan but I thought this was so tasty.
Nothing spells Christmas quite like the Strip, and in particular, PennMac.
This little taqueria reminds me of the ones back in chicago.
The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options.
Python : How to access file from different directory I have the following project structure How to access constants.cfg from ConfigManager.py.
I have tried doing a LAN trace of my server while sending an attachment via PHP to another SMTP server and I can see I get the follwing from the client: I'm not sure if this is related to the attachment or not.
i like this place when they have it all together.
Service was good and the food came relatively fast for a lunch rush.
The portions are huge and you can substitute beef fried rice for your regular rice side!
I'm using an ajax array but i want to execute some code(make some tags visible) when all the requests are complete.
I'd also recommend reusing the views that are offscreen.
I got a little confused about how to walk around.
I haven't tried any of the other food, but I'm sure it's good.\n\nDefinitely a good quick spot for good food.
For example, I have a bunch of scripts like this: I like running from a terminal so that you can see what gets sent to sysout.
You could split each element by the space if you want to retrieve the 2 tokens.
You might find this particular episode helpful:
don't forget a Line feed when you're done.
I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.
targetWidth and, for some odd reason, correctOrientation do.
The surrounding concrete pool deck has abundant chairs for sunbathing and covered tables for finding a cool spot to escape the sun.
I have one window on which i have four links Exit Button Link - Submit button Link - Back Button Link - Review Button Link - Out of these five button only two button (Exit and Submit) are visible on first window.
You don't have UINavigationController into your pop-up, so it works normal.
Then he plucked an identical tire from the ceiling rack above his head and asked me if I needed anything else.
If you look closer at the stack trace, you'll see that a is involved.
You have to try the BBQ fried chicken.
The problem is when i draw a bmp from buffer.
That is the design pattern you need to use.
You might not love as much if you're not into seafood, although there are non-fish options should you desire them.
The desserts are large and very tasty.
Doing that then removes my ability to retrieve the dollar amount for this particular InvoiceEntryItem (which is only stored in journalEntryItem).
A sort on the Name field would also let you grab the last row in that dataset to know which one was the last date.
Anything at all in relation to the topic would be helpful.
This laundromat absolutely blew my mind the first time I stepped into it.
I like Matt's because they make most everything right to order so the burgers, fries, etc are always piping hot and fresh.
My favorite sushi in the city of Pittsburgh.
Newer diner (was expecting older), great service with a neat view.
As I've understood from MSDN .
Virtually every Labor Day weekend of my entire life was spent in Pittsburgh with my parents, as my birthday falls within the window.
With a recently renovated sound system, there WAS a huge interruption during the viewing of the film with what sounded like a BLOWN out speaker (happened 3 times) that sent chills (bad ones) through the body of the audience.
I've had a few connections at CLT...
A friend I came with had the pulled pork burger and praised it greatly.
I realize that Drupal has lots of techniques for exporting various things but there doesn't appear to be any coherent overall picture.
So for file2: if column '2' can be found in the array mentioned above: Split the value of the array element into another array.
This works with arbitrary number of dicts: For example:
Change page styles Android WebView I'm currently working on a small application that simply loads one webpage into webview and I want to be able to make this webpage look different while browsing using this application..
My code is the following: What do I need to change in order to make the heart display correctly for the receiver of the email?
For $18 you get a commemorative t-shirt and a membership which clears you from (very infrequent) cover charges and lets you track the beers you have on each visit.
My plane takes off at 7:50...Perfect!\n\nCool/weird white rocking chairs in random spots.
\n\nThose frustrations aside, I would go back to his office in a heartbeat if I ever needed oral surgery in the Charlotte area again.
I've been trying with the "convert" function, but can't get it to work.
Clean newer property on Madison's east side with big rooms and great pillows (5) on each of the two queen beds in our room.
new-tutorial-developing-and-architecting-a-phonegap-application SMSComposer i hope this help you...
After the test completes the stubbed version of the method is removed and replaced by the original.
My favorite method is to add a to the parent element, then use instead of
The food that I ate was very tasteful and I really enjoyed being there.
Both clang and gcc emit no warnings for the following.
I have a service exposed as follows (ips redacted) I have a load balancer with a backend service that has 2 backends pointed at port 31015.
The only real way to debug it is strace .
She confidently told us that we would love the room.
we have ignored all the rows which dont have a "1" in any of the columns from [A:I]
In the Visual Studio dataset designer, you must 'manually' enter the schema prefix into each datatable definition's properties.
Deploy two connected webparts in a page layout during feature activation?
User defined hierarchy in cube (dyslexia) I can make 6 level dimension hierarchy with such relationships: main -> lvl1 lvl1 -> lvl2 lvl2 -> lvl3 lvl3 -> lvl4 lvl4 -> lvl5 Hierarchy looks fine in the dimension browser.
Can someone tell me how can I achieve this?
I'm thinking of performance, data volume etc.
They are never rushing and throwing food into bags.
The vanilla lattes are a little sweet, but delicious.
named – This group matches the unbraced placeholder name; it should not include the delimiter in capturing group.
Must go if your in town.
\n\nThe only bad thing I'd say about this Giant Eagle is the clusterfuck of a parking lot they have.
Just have them type in the new value if they want one, or leave it blank to accept the default.
However, they stopped making the homemade ice cream sandwiches because they don't have the wafers :( Still a nice treat.
You have to use css property here is the Demo Jsfiddle
Always dim and has a cool atmosphere.
It also can generate Gamma distributed variables, for example.
Everything was better than I had expected it to be and I will definitely be returning for happy hour and dinner, hopefully very soon!
I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.
I can see the command in a program, but forget that if contains a million or so entries, it might take a while.
I found later that the minGW file was missing but i get the same errors since.
We also chose to get the dessert, which we barely had room with.
Apparently the breakfast was also very good, and even had hot foods, like sausage.
Not bad at all would do it again.
This particular code is for Excel 2007.
IDF is inverse document frequncy i.e frequency of documents in which the term occurs.
Well - it returns the query because you told it to do so!
I came here on a Saturday night and had a really good time.
Maybe your count will extend, so just search for the first occurence of "." and then cut the string there.
I am new to C# windows forms and so far unsuccessful.
Then the time stamps on the buffers could be used to sync things up.
This is a late post, but I can still taste this pasta.
That said, the food is so divine that I really don't care, it's worth the chance!
I didn't hit up on section because I couldn't find it :P I also took the trolley home.
I asked for a recommendation on a cheese selection her choice of a local goat cheese was fabulous.
Also, the staff members here are honestly some of the nicest, most courteous people I've seen at an airport (and given that many were US Ariways employees, that's saying a lot).
So calling an operation means applying a method on a resource.
I wanted some of that but the keg was spent.
You would be better using an if-elif-else structure in your code to deal with the 3 different expected conditions Also you need to change the to
This is the solution I ended up using:
JHipster Persist Data/Access Database Running with Spring Boot v1.1.7.RELEASE, Spring v4.0.7.RELEASE with hot reloading, etc.
Revenue and Quality are displayed in different SSRS tables.
I was not wrong.\n\nThis place is absolutely awesome, with an impressive beer selection and great prices.
I want to route the user who navigates to the uri from the web.clj handler to the landing.clj one and for the home function to be called which will render the front page of my app.
Unreal German food in a decent environment with excellent service!\nI also love the plethora of German beer.
The first line of the error message is a telltale: … it means, that the X11 server the client is connected to doesn't support setting a framebuffer format that's required by OpenGL.
I'm not quite sure what's different about it, but I can't seem to find it anywhere else, it's delicious.
If I ever happen to be in Charlotte again, I won't move from that bar.
I noticed the prices and strayed away from the appetizers, so I could order my entree and dessert.
Usually when the add-to-cart button does not display it is because your product has no inventory set.
here is my program I can rephrase my question if users don't understand.
It's hard to find fault with anything here!
Order at the front and they will bring the order to your table.
This behaviour of Joda Time Contrib is fixed in my project Usertype for Joda Time and JSR310.
Who knows why, no one ever wants to give me a straight answer.
Unfortunately it's a 30 minute bus ride from school and hauling the goods back is not easy.
I went in to look for one before a game & they're cheaper than I can find from the street vendors.
Right click on the hyperlink and click "Copy Hyperlink".
I need to display images every 10ms to 20ms.
A place with this diverse a beer selection could rest on its laurels, but the Saucer follows through with an excellent staff.
Is it separate chaining or does it depend on the JVM implementation for different platform?
second tells sort the field 2 from the first to the 7th character numerically.
\n\nThe only reason for the lack of that fifth star is the seating, and the cash only.
I read an article recently in the Post-Gazette that says to wring the most wear out of what they own, people are visiting auto mechanics, cobblers, tailors and computer repair experts as they haven't in years.
Any style you could ever want, well, it's here.
I admire this and always try to give my business to local family run places like this .
They're beginning to put a more entertaining product on floor every night and tickets are not too expensive.
Thin-sliced pastrami, cole slaw, tomato, and I think there was some cheese in there, but a fistful of fries as well - you guys know the drill.\n\nSo in conclusion, great success.
I have been eating at Zapata's since 2002, and like a fine wine, the place gets better with time.
Download SMTP server, run the server before you click submit.
I decided to try Dick and Arnie's based on the 1 or 2 reviews I read, and my desperation to find something better than the corporate salons (cost cutters & supercuts mostly).
Your ouput path: This won't work...
It is obviously a favorite of the Japanese-American population of Charlotte!\n\nAfter many good Yelpers guided us to this spot, we decided finally to give it a try.
\n\nI was the only person there for the majority of my stay, but they didn't seem to mind.
Then nothing came out for another few minutes.
\n\nAs for drinks, well, I became knowns as a mojito abuser overnight because of this place, and I don't care who knows it.
The kitchen closes an hour before the bar.
Saving a CSV into a blob I would like to save CSV files that users upload to a blob.
Here is how I would generally do this.
Breakfast didn't look too appetizing, so we went elsewhere.
I, on the other hand, felt like I had to go back to Ordering Food 101.
They can help you fix it or they repair many things like screens and lamps.\n\nNeed seasonal lights and decorations.
The method with shown in the other answer is standard and more flexible.
Really, I haven't had a bad item here.
It was not as sweet as the bottled version that is available from Asian grocery stores.
Google APIS return wrong zip code I try to get the map from Google APIS, my link is: address = 〒106-6108東京都港区六本木六本木ヒルズ森タワー８階 but the result return "formatted_address" : "Roppongi Hills Mori Tower, 6 Chome-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tōkyō-to 106-0032, Japan", Why I inputed 106-6108, but Google return 106-0032 ?
The rooms are clean and comfortable.
I usually get one of the specials as I have worked my way through most of the menu.
How to set filename of excel file to export from html table I try to export datatable html to excel file but right now, i don't know how to set file name in savefiledialog popup here my code
The view didn't return an HttpResponse object This is the error I am getting: The view myapp.views.view_page didn't return an HttpResponse object Can anyone see what I'm doing wrong here?
Thanks Note: is a bookmarkable page and I tried as well with Update with what I finally did base on Andrea's suggestion It is to be noted that my application uses a custom session object extending wicket's ; let's call it .
\n\nSandwiches come with pub chips - you can upgrade to fries for a buck...
But whenever I run it, I get error #1064.
Hubs and I still had enough quiet time to chat or just watch our chef flip and twist the shrimp & rice in peace.
Ari, A good reference to how to accomplish "invisible" instance variable declarations can be found here with credit respectfully given to Matt Gallagher.
Once the form is submitted, it Creates a new record in the corpPosts Table, inserting the Title, Body, as well as the author into the corpposts table.
The naan was great and deserves to be kept warm!
Is this something I should try to handle with a method in my Schema?
I'm a slow learner, I suppose, but grateful that one location does it right.
Airways but I actually don't mind connecting through here at all.
I love, love, love my puppy.
Everything from the drinks to dessert were amazing.
But interested in what the seasoned ios developers have to say on it.
The people are friendly and the choir is amazing.
Otherwise, I highly recommend this place for the serious thrifter/new apartment dweller/anyone looking to kill a few hours.
Just create one view for that and use to include that view to your Activity's layout.
Then there have been times where I've felt like a nuisance for my presence.
bytearray instead of regular string value I am loading data from one table into pandas and then inserting that data into new table.
Generating an A5 PDF document from HTML using Java iText I'd like to generate an A5 page-size PDF document from a given HTML template using the iText Java library.
Went there not knowing what I was in for.
What is wrong with this JSON object?
The LLVM documentation shows a class called , but that appears to be internal to LLVM.
An object containing user-information is passed to this function.
(They have jugs of water in the maze for when people get thirsty - they place them at specific locations where there are maze helpers who can answer questions and assist you in finding your way.
You'll see local everywhere from the bakery, frozen foods and cheeses (of course).\n\nThe only critique is that the deli prepared foods and the bakery are good, but not great.
Evented approach, which always fire events instead of calling methods directly.
"Running in the background" can sometimes be simulated by time slicing your "background" process work such that it does small amounts of work on timer ticks and the pauses between timer ticks allow other nodejs JS events to be processed and their code to run.
I'll bet you have a quote in Student.AbsensceDescription.
When I type the color code,the changed value is detected by the watch,but when I select it using colorpicker,the value is not reflected in the scope variable.Can any one tell me what am I doing wrong?
I wouldn't normally review a McDonald's on this site because...well, it's McDonald's.
I want to hide the buttons on the home view and use big custom buttons instead - he tells me it isn't possible.
It's triggered every time the user selects (clicks and drags) a time slot.
I got my meat and bacon from this joint and have not been disappointed.
Can't edit Security Roles from Non-Default Business Unit When "customising the system" in Dynamics 2013, I cannot see any roles outside of the default business unit (even if I move my "System, Customiser user" to the business unit in question.
Is this the best approach or is there a better way?
You're looking for some hard-to-find penny candy.\n5.
The first is a sorted version of the earlier matrix, and the latter gives the corresponding instance numbers.
The classname is dependent on the result of (1).
Recently went with Carl for my wedding cake.
There servers watch for you to dictate the pace of the meal.\n\nBeggining with the typical salad with ginger dressing: I was very happy with this dressing, just about perfect.\n\nNext the miso soup: I'm not generally a huge fan of miso soup, but this was probably the best preparation I've had.
However , both of the event in email alert and in Team Room are listening to the same server side event.
Getting a detailed error message that includes the stack trace, in case of an Exception of Ruby or of Rails, and to know what was the actual value.
Unfortunately, this brings many more Even E.
UPDATE , same result with this code:
Was glad to see a sushi place right across the street from my hotel.
Also, if you remove the border, you can see what the text actually looks like.
I used Dependency Walker on a down-stripped program (with only one call to the curl library: ).
FormsAuthentication.RedirectFromLoginPage is not working I am working on a LoginPage.Everything related to database or C# code is working fine but after successul login I am unable to redirect to Home.aspx,am I missing Something?
Fun scene, cover benefited charity, drinks were decent (nothing spectacular), but the grilled cheeses moved this review from a three to four star rating.
Was relatively crowded, but I was able to order quickly with my food coming out a few minutes later.
Can anybody please give a clue?
It actually looks like the commented out lines would do the trick, instead of what you're currently doing now.
But totally worth it for that special occasion!
I think the membership issue is strange but oh well.
In the bottom left you'll now see a square stop button for when you want to stop recording.
The S&S sauce that came with it was not laden with all that bright red food coloring.
Worked out okay, but everything gets transferred to contractors for this so it definitely adds to the hassle.\n\nOh, and at CLT there are a number of convenient gas stations on the way to the airport (I use Wilkenson Blvd.
Everything I've ever ordered though has been delicious and a big enough portion that I have enough for two big meals.
There should be at least one space in every declaration immediately after the colon, otherwise it's treated as pseudoclass.
I don't know if I'll ever go back to just run of the mill plain pies ever again.\n\nI've had my orders delivered all three times I've ordered from the place since moving there, and while they're a bit slow, it's worth the wait.
It should be inserted with literally what the time is.
I had set the same result.
I ordered the crab cakes and WOW!
I walked in and they fixed it right there and then.
While they are a TAD (and I do mean tad) bit pricey I believe that the food is more than worth it.
Everything was made up for and then some.
\n\n-Our meal choices were the steak, bass, royal platter, bento box, and the big tuna:\n -The sushi bento box is by far the best deal.
You can do this using pointer: Writing this variables to you can perform in the same way (using void pointer).
The piece de resistance is that the sandwich also contains a huge mound of fries right in the middle.
Oracle.DataAccess was not available for adding under my VS 2008, so I went ahead and got a copy of MSI package (ODTwithODAC1020221.exe from Oracle site) to add the suggested DLL file (I am not sure if there is compatibility issue between my version of VS/.NET 3.5 SP1 and the download).
You can see into an expansive kitchen (I really think the place is a converted cafeteria) and it looked horridly disorganized and in shambles.
You need to specify your definition of a week.
Most of the time I've been to Brixx is because they're having some sort of craft beer event.
\n\nWe were able to comfortably use this space for our ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception for 107 guests.
\n\nOur waiter was kind enough to go over all the specials and give us time to look over the menu.
Don't attempt to handle this one without 'em.
I will drive 45 minutes into University to eat here.
I still love this place, but the hours aren't great on the weekend.
Grrr) It's right around the corner, and since I had actually never been in, I thought it was a perfect choice.\n\nThe first thing you notice is the classy wooden decor.
I know this charming and cozy Italian restuarnt is not a one trick pony (their various Raviolis being especially exceptional) but their signature Girasole Salad is really something special.
Additional Notes and Discussion Here are some parting notes to keep in mind when using the SAVE EXCEPTIONS Bulk DML option: The meta information in the error_index value of the resulting collection: SQL%BULK_EXCEPTIONS is based on the count of loop iterations from the initial cursor query of the data.
And as you are using the external synchronization, will work fine as well.
Are "opacity" or something like "isFullScreen" can help ?
\n\nNow Nature is all about balance.
What a hidden gem in the South Hills.
These will be returned in the 'Album' model object.
edit resolution in flash page that's my flash site , I want to extend the gray box to reach the edge of the HTML page .
I was very impressed with our entrees we had a filet and crabcake dinner.
So I need a solution to upload a file to sync.
Marashi's office got me in for a consultation the same day, I believe, and scheduled the removal for the next morning.
The chicken and beef are both fantastic, and don't miss out on the potato salad, the cornbread, or the cobbler.
I get the smoked salmon salad or the spicy thai wrap.
Another ORM would need to add something significant over and above what NHibernate currently offers in order to get any reasonable level of interest.
Yep, they've been doing pretty terrible lately and I've been here in Charlotte for a few years now, so maybe it's time to think about changing my loyalties to my home town team.\n\nAs Steve mentions, we don't really have the rivalry here that really drives fans.
Of course we had warm Sake.
The food here appears to be your regular run of the mill bar grub, but alas, there is something special about those loaded fries.
The service is generally very good too.
as for the three lines of your previous solution, the first one: it's doing some configurations to the tableView and its cells, so it's not going to affect the button the second one: it's not configuring the button as well, what's more, since the cell is the super view of the button, this line prevents any user interactions.
Current versions of man don't use the MANPATH variable, so why is it being set to .rvm/man and why isn't there a full catalog of manpages inside that folder?
PDF Blob - Pop up window not showing contnet I have been working on for the last few days.
Don't (yet) attempt anything that delays the process or "feels like" a lot of work before any result is seen .
I followed a tutorial here I just need to query id numbers from a certain table in the database and display the EXACT results right beneath the searchbox you can see it here: click on "instant verification" and I want the search box that pops up to display its results right beneath and still remain in the fancybox
However, Python RQ does not seem to support the pipeline stuff very nicely.
Our bartender was engaging without being omnipresent, and after about 20 minutes, more people started to filter into the bar area, which was cozy - there were not only stools at the bar, but also comfy looking loveseats and chairs around the perimeter - and almost had a Tuscan feel.\n\nAfter our drink, we moved into the dining room and got the best seat in the house!
When going through the authentication flow, I'm getting "invalid scope" errors.
So I called my food in like I always do, and went to pick it up about 10 minutes later.
As for the food, I probably wouldn't go back JUST for the food.
But I get an error that doesn't appear when I give a complete instantation.
Subtract one hour from the date/time and format that .
Pay also attention that every object in Javascript inherits a property, so don't name an option that way.
I have to recommend the pizza.
#Freakfest\n\nI found myself in town visiting friends who live in the Madison-metro area and make it a point to celebrate the State street festivities every year.
It's damn delicious and cheap to boot!
This error comes at least once in a day.
As I was unfamiliar and inexperienced with the algorithm, I took the code from a youtube tutorial and edited it so that it was functional for the game.
So launch your node script using then launch node-inspector and press the play button to continue to the next breakpoint and it will hit your breakpoint (at least that works for me ATM) you still need one extra click after restarting, but at least your breakpoints are saved.
It gave the feeling that we were waiting a long time because we had only one option, but that was probably just skewed because of my impatience of wanting to get to where I was going that night.
However my problem seems to contradict this.
Try this Or this You could also try to use google.com for some searching on the net by the way.
The pizza at Il Pizzaiolo was fantastic.
The lunch buffet offers a variety of food, all of which is good for an affordable price.
\n\nI also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you.
That's definitely an error with not being visible to the linker but, if what you say is correct, that shouldn't happen.
I rewrite this to something like that: but this not works.
In order to fix the 'shifting' of the entire page, add this between the second and third sub-story element (Basically, where a new row starts).
The first to discover your table structure, the second to update the row/s changed.
Ok, this is bad news (for me and my waistline)...
Not to mention I was given a third 1 at no additional cost)\n\nThe presentation itself leaves something to be desired, not the most skilled with a knife, but the guy has to pump them out fast enough to keep the line moving.
Had Helltown's Reaper Harvest Ale last night and it was fabulous.
\n\nEverything at Girasole is rustic and bursting with flavor.
I believe you want something like this
In assumption that you're on a windows pc it sounds like you're experiencing a loop unrolling bug in ANGLE .
Also consider bundling up a bare bones "string" type that contains a size.
Sorting an array which the maximum value is similar to its size I'm trying to figure out the best way to sort an array which the maximun value is similar to its size.
I made some screenshot: And a video you can find here: I based my code on the paper Fast Hydraulic Erosion Simulation and Visualization on GPU by Xing Mei.
I have an image of the world map.
We were there late -- from about 10-11pm -- on a freezing cold Tuesday night.
You'll know when you've hit it.\n\n(Ba-dum crash!)
If you are referring to plain text searches (the File Search tab), then you are out of luck.
4) Why do I suddenly get responses from the server?
when I send the same mail for outlook client ..."; did you mean from Outlook client?
I've travel 52 weeks per year.
It really felt like we were staying at a friend's house, except I didn't need to help with the dishes.\n\nSome things that didn't bother me but might other people:\n1) Note that they have two large dogs\n2) If you're averse to flowered wallpaper, this is not the place for you.
You could use a non-correlated subquery to do the work for you:
I seldom have ever came across people like him.
Have been here innumberable times: Consistently high quality product, service, and reasonable prices.
It's bar food at its very best.
There's neither pretense nor irony, either.
I mean, can I insert the whole value of datatable in one call?
I manage to count normal characters using this example: I want to limit normal characters to 160 and Unicode characters to 80, is there anyway i can do this?
I wrote the following Python script (actually I wrote something more complex than this with more error checking, but this is stripped down as a minimal test case): This gives me an almost-Unicode file with some extra bytes in it: I can see that 20 is a space, 22 is a quote, I assume that "E3" is an escape character that urllib2 is using to indicate that the next character is UTF-16 encoded??
I would ask this on the App Hub forums, but I am having a rather difficult time trying to log into that site without registering (and giving credit card information) for the developer package.
In addition, this is a full service laundramat, therefore there is a regular attendant on duty who will do the washing, drying and foling for you.
i am using apache velocity for this but i just want to know the logic on how to code it.
Once on the cutting edge of Pittsburgh's nascent culinary scene, they're now part of the old vanguard, but there's nothing stale about the place.
I was walked to a corner of the room, near the lockers and watched a video about the proper climbing and belaying procedures, always be in communication with your belay partner...\""Climb On\""!\nThen it was off to the walls...Inner Peaks has a ton of different walls for varying skill levels.
You can use svg in img tag and append via jquery like below snippet I hope helps and It is working fine for print on Chrome and FF browser.
This was a pleasant change of pace and scenery from Newark airport which I'm used to.
Get in and mess around with sample use cases.
Our servers have always been attentive and friendly.\n\nFood is priced very expensive, but I think one knows that before they come here.
However, he is so cute that I'm sure someone else would have adopted him...\n\nThe shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly.
While waiting for the order, we were provided with fresh bread with white bean olive oil dip.
If you don't need the properties of the scatter plot such as value dependent colours and sizes, just use a line plot with circles for the points:
I only pass the name of the callback, how to call them from the component?
Although Harris Grill wouldn't have been my first pick (I try to stay away from the preppy Shadyside scene), I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere, food and service!\n\nI really enjoyed indoor atmosphere that mixed trendy decor with dim, sexy lighting.
A common issue overlooked by even the most establishments.
There are also allot more information, samples and libraries in the public domain for jquery then for asp.net ajax.
Node-Webkit screen rotation/orientation enforcement or control?
iReport : expression with BigDecimal not correct I have a textfield with this expression : iReport tells me that this expression is not valid (closing bracket before divide seems to be the problem).
This works like expected with my sandbox, because the executable looks there instead of system wide install paths.
I would recommend staying away during popular hours due to the fact that the parking is somewhat difficult -- the scant parking is on the side of the building and on the side of the road going up the steep hill.
Try the scallops appetizer and save room for dessert.
A means Add XXX to a list of numbers).
Vincent has done several hems and jacket alterations on men suits for me.
While not explicitly documented for the DescribeSpotPriceHistory API action, this restriction is at least mentioned for the AWS Management Console (which uses that API in turn), see Viewing Spot Price History : You can view the Spot Price history over a period from one to 90 days based on the instance type, the operating system you want the instance to run on, the time period, and the Availability Zone in which it will be launched.
This way your information lasts as much time as you want - you set the expiry date.
My goddaughters and I love going here.
try this answer from @J Santosh this is the fiddle snippet
This is my submission to a subject of an online contest.
For my entree, I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni.
If there is a date entered, I want it to show how many days it's been since it was submitted.
Corn hole is set up out on the patio which can help pick up your a portion of your tab if your competitive and into gambling.
is a the best alternative to but is not very newbie friendly at the moment.
\n\nOnce your finished the first glass, you pour what's in the container into your martini glass and voila, it comes out to a second martini.
I do like the steps that B&N are taking to try to adjust to the times.
Most of the entrees (combo) are around $20.
So no, it doesn't only work on backups.
Last time I was there a few weeks ago, I even got on stage and played the tambourine with the act, best night ever!
From the Python FAQ : Lists and tuples, while similar in many respects, are generally used in fundamentally different ways.
I particularly liked having so many windows through which I could watch the rain pour while I happily swam in my heated pool and some cool artwork around the big pool.
\n\nIf you didn't have a coupon, I can see where the pricing might be a bit higher than other local Mexican restaurants, but what Salsa's does right is provide a high-quality, delicious, satisfying meal.
I would like to raise an event when this happens, so a subscriber on my view may handle it.
You're invoking two pretty chunky apps here to do one thing.
In the grid layout , what the difference between the followings
As long as it is written in clear, running, Python it is Pythonic.
But it seems as the first if statement in the is messing things up.
\n\nOverall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!
You can change the instance to look like so: I'm changing here the data context property, but you can change any other dependency property on .
My visit netted quite a few items for my girls, not so much for myself.
A more standard approach is something to the effect of:
UPDATE: I forgot to mention that I have Lazy Loading disabled, and that I am invoking this code without having applied Eager Loading to the collection, which probably explains a lot.
I must say that the \""Naughty Crepes\"" are by far my favorite breakfast I have ever had.
Get the size of an array from its type I have a template parameter T which I know will be a Is there a way to get back the integer n so I can use it as a template parameter ?
Masm 16bit converting Ascii to byte I'm a beginner in assembly language and I have to find a solution fast.
Quotes are special, they delineate a phrase.
I also posted here I am using Windows 7 and I have VLC installed.
The fish sandwich itself- heck, I can hardly write about it, because I couldn't help but to inhale it.
Overloading operator== Guys I have some silly struct let's call it X and I also have a fnc (not a member of it) returning a pointer to this struct so it looks like so: I also have line in code which 'tries' to compare pointers to those structs but the real intention is to compare those structs pointed to: I also defined member of which suppose to work in situations aforementioned but for reason I do not understand it doesn't.
Because the combinator doesn't know what is, it has no choice but to blithely feed the to the arrows in parallel and then try to combine their outputs together.
EDIT After some suggestions from Catherine which gave me this error: I try changing and this error appeared: and then saw that to solve this error I will need to use the name of the model instead.
Search email inbox using javax.mail I was trying to see if there was a way to search an email inbox from javax.mail.
Yes, you could have 1000 layers, though I don't know if you'd get much benefit: in deep learning I've more typically seen somewhere between 1-20 hidden layers, rather than 1000 hidden layers.
Any help would be much appreciated!
The secret in their having one of the best burgers you will ever eat, is in the meat!
It can be solved rather simply by assigning the border properties only to the instead of assigning them to the and .
Here is my line of code in Swift, it calls a method: The class is from Objective-C and is: And the error message is: error: cannot convert value of type to expected argument type When calling a method, I understand that the operator will force-unwrap an optional.
It has a very simple style -- the traditional wood, simple chalk board beer list, a couple of nice HD TVs -- none of which stands out or tries too hard to grab your attention.
So by our current example the verb will be and the nouns are .
First off this is important, when you walk in you smell smoke so I knew it was going to be good.
Normally, if I wanted to have a UITextField as a part of a UITableViewCell, I would likely use either a) static rows or b) I would create the cell in the storyboard, outlet the cell and outlet the field to my ViewController, and then drag the cell outside of the "Table View", but keeping it in the scene.
Increased Ram Usage on android device I run the following code to start a service: This initially takes 13-14 MB of memory when seen in the task manager.
But for the price you pay, the food is well worth it.
You can use parameters only once in a query
i am always able to get an item that is no longer on the menu (blackened Cajun chicken sandwich) and the menu is constantly changing.
There were so many people waiting that we thought it would take a while, however the wait was relatively short about 10 minutes.
All of the oranges, lettuce, berries and bananas peppers are perfectly ripe.
The aged cheddar is pretty great if you're in the mood for that.
It wasn't packed so I grabbed a seat at the bar.
Connollys management and staff were quite wonderful in allowing her to host the event upstairs, offering up great drink specials to help lure in the masses.
Thanks for all your answers Edit: As far as I understand the listening thread listens on the default port, but all messages are then handled on a different socket for each client?
An example of what I'm trying to achieve is the paging of this site The idea of the markup is as follows: And the jQuery I have as follows: Please help!
This is a McDonald's that makes me want to put my pinky up in the air when dunking chicken mcnuggets into various sauces.
The employees of Penn Mac are friendly, knowledgeable, and genuine.
That all functioned superb, here is the code My question is how to add another button next to this one.
So when I used tumblr upload video, I had these problems: First the video didn't get the aspect ratio of the iframe i think the reason for that might be the data values for height and with the iframe is using.
Also, an SSH connection must be established between the 2 servers; I'd like to be able to have a script on the slave Windows machine that would run periodically, establish the connection, wait for the replication to finish, and then drop the connection.
Wasn't a huge fan of the cashier my last visit.
Here is a tutorial : and another one :
You can, for now, use an Inline query to simply execute the statement you wrote (it takes straight SQL).
How can I programmatically check if a Google User's profile picture isn't default?
Unity Bootstrapper (Unity.Mvc), Unity 3, MVC 5, EF6 Receiving Error: Parameterless Public Constructor on Controller Ok, after searching Google, here and several ASP/MVC forums I am bound to have to ask what the hell I am doing wrong here.
Romantic, a popular Valentine's Day destination.
You will naturally want to put wetting drops as they feel more dry.\n\nThe only side effect I experienced was that there's a halo around lights at night and had some red spots on the white parts of my eyes from the pressure of the machine.
Add HTML elements dynamically with JavaScript inside DIV with specific ID Ok, poeple, I need your help.
If you need breakfast - can't beat the crepes here.
I have stayed here before and the rooms are always great and this time I unfortunately got a room that must have had a party in it.
The cook, well, he was in a class all his own.
and then a key value pair like: Any additional key/value pairs need to be prefaced with &amp; like:
There is a beautiful garden outdoors with lots of trees and a sweet little gazebo which is perfect for those wedding photos.
Moreover there's no reason to use when comparing strings; use the operator instead, which checks if arguments are of the same type as well as if they have the same value.
When I used fread: I tried using the parameters used by read.delim: but I get the same error.
- cesaer salad, all-u-can-eat 3 types of pastas and any dessert off of the dessert menu!
Great place to meet friends and then go to a game.
I like to get them frozen, and bring them home and smother them in butter.
Question 2: I want to be able to change the covariance matrix to replicate other work done in SAS.
Like others say, based on how you're using it, you shouldn't need the assembly code at all, just name your C function "UART_Handler".
They also helped me with the bike rack on my car and changed my bike saddle for me!
The street is kind of dark and sketchy, but then you see the neon sign for Carmon's.
As far as the operating system is concerned it's as if you'd started the second one via it's desktop icon (for example).
For such a large party, I was glad to see that our glasses were never empty and all our orders were right when they hit the table.
Microwave/fridge, new bathroom, tons of pillows on the bed.
I know I could just write out a manual sql statement with a concat in it, but I thought I'd ask: To load a select, I'm running a query of shift records.
If the C option is also used, the end character is case-sensitive.
Updating rows in DataTable - why isn't this working?
One of the best I've seen.
I ask, b/c IRepository will need to be typed correctly to be a var that holds the instance of a given entity's repository.
\n\nThe dessert was an olive oil and basil torte with lemon ice cream (my description doesn't adequately describe it) - I should've written down the description from the menu, although I did upload a photo of the dessert.\n\nThe wait staff was outstanding - attentive without being intrusive.
URL is sent thru mail but PIN will be texted on their cells.
Please take more time to ensure the windshields are clean, inside and out and I'll be able to provide a higher rating.
I found it odd that the brewery had 8 or so beers on tap but I could only try 4 with my $7 paid admission.
if you already have a white texture).
What's happening is that you have only one server block and it becomes the default server block for all requests, even the ones not matching the server name.
You may have to do this with the beforeRender() function.
Loads of fresh greens, baby asparagus, carrots, and crumbly noodles served in a light soy dressing.
Love, love, love Stephanie for Akashic records.
Another way to say it is having a camera pointing closely at the table with all the object in it (UIView) and camera backs up and the more it backs up the smaller the table gets.
I thought this would have been an easy thing to find but I've failed.
Excellent selection and extremely knowledgable staff.
From the (which draws a 2D triangle): This snippet assumes that you've already gotten the (which include shaders, etc.), (for the vertex buffer), and the in appropriate states.
While some reviewers may lament the outdated interiors, a feature that was not missed by me, I will merely say that Lombardozzi proved to be the best venue for our toddler that we have come upon in months.
But, using webdriver, I dont need all such ssl certificates.
I just showed up 30 minutes before they closed.
It is my 2nd most favorite Pho in Pittsburgh.
Most of the Italians I have known have mothers and grandmothers that are very likely to tell you, \""You're so skinny!
Jim Ludwig's did the flowers for my wedding, and we were extremely pleased with the whole process.
I doubt that overwriting the character following each space with a star conforms to the requirements of this exercise: You have space for 49 characters, but what if you enter, say, a string with 45 non-spaces and 5 spaces?
Launching Android Native Lock Screen I'm looking for a way to launch the native android lock screen from my application.
Sometimes depending on the wait staff they will give you half homefries and half potato salad to enjoy both!
Everything else in the store is the same way....it makes me wish I had unlimited funds and could get one of everything.
Since I was continuing on my eastward trek, I passed on the Yuengling's and opted for a ginger ale.
We were told that the wait would be 20 minutes, so we put our names down and stepped outside to kill some time.
The client code is only send Person object using socket input stream and receive echo Person object.
All of the ingredients were cooked so well I ended up deconstructing my dinner, and I had the salmon without any of the toppings, and then ate the spinach and tomatoes as if they were their own side.
I'm developing my first project for GAE, and I'm wondering about how to go about setting up my connection to the datastore.
No matter your experience with food of the Middle East or Mediterranean, you'll find dishes you recognize, perhaps by different names.\n\nThis was my first visit, I'm sitting here eating my takeout order as I type this because it's that good.
\n\nI had spicy noodles chillin' at my standard 7 on the 1-10 scale.
The easies way to fix this it to add an array holding the constraints you add to the view and remove only those constraints.
i mean the RelativeLayout will be shown as left-side drawer and the RecyclerView will be shown as right-side drawe on lolipop or above.
Now, the problem I'm running into is when I'm looping through the Add, Update, and Delete collections in my uow.
And there is a whole section devoted solely to bouldering, like rock climbing, but closer to the ground and without the need for a lot of the equipment.
Each element in the array is represented by a single object in Core Data so, yes, you have to create an object for each element.
\n\nWe walked out of there well-fed and very happy.
Not pricey, and the portions are huge.
I'm going to mention those comments and I'll copy and paste the code proposed along with them (with a mention of the authors where needed).
Good for their simplicity, they have this cheapo little sandwich called a \""skinny\"" that is just meat and bread.
We were visiting from out of state and felt like Mexican.
Here is some information: Now is code that i add row to datagridView Then problem is when row added into datagridview, then I see that datagridviewCell didn't show default value ( index 0) , when I click into this datagridviewCell, now it dropdown data and fill the first value to datagridviewCell.
Here is a sample HTML which runs the API correctly: Now I'm trying to created a managed API in the WSO2 APIM publisher.
\n\nWe ordered the korean barbeque ribs $12) which fell off the bone and the calamari with chilies, toasted garlic, mint and an uni emulsion ($9).
I like to go for special occasions or for when they have specials.
Nice view of downtown Charlotte outside our window table from which we were able to watch a rain storm pass, thankfully, before heading back to work.
Even more awesome was the food.
\nOtherwise, whenever I leave Monterrey I'm a happy camper and it is always on my \""go to option\"" list for meals.
I think you should totally rework your solution.
Both OpenSSL and GnuTLS provide full X.509/SSL/TLS cryptographic functionality, while also supporting smart cards via the OpenSC library.
My code looks like this: However I get the error "myArray cannot be resolved to a type".
Based on the crowd and the decor, I imagine this place would be great for happy hour too.
Regardless, though, it is very reasonably priced for the quality of food and experience.
I'm not sure what else your s need to know and/or do, but if you're just doing numerical stuff here, I'd highly recommend the scipy.sparse module.
\n\nOur server was outstanding and our food was delicious, I am absolutely looking forward to going back and trying some more of their new menu items!
Why the helper form isn't working?
It was not the best German I have had but I would not expect that from a buffet.
After hearing that we decided to start off our meals with the sawara with garlic ponzu and squid pasta with garlic sauce.
Won best greasy spoon in Madison, yet has vegan options and bean salad as an alternative to fries!
First off, they offered no butter or oil for the BBQ.
Will definitely be going back for the next big game!
We found IG family friendly and able to accommodate our two children without disturbing any other guests.
Went here after a run in nearby Frick Park, which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers.
\n\nThey took really good care of me, I was in & out in about half an hour.
Getting equal symbol expected while using jstl I am getting org.apache.jasper.JasperException: /WEB-INF/AllClientBatchDetails.jsp(54,103) equal symbol expected And here is the jsp I have request attribute set to batchProgressMetricsList and its an array list of an object called.
It was probably a sixth of the size of a chipotle burrito.
It bears very strong resemblance with what happens in aerospace systems.
Your checkout failed because pulling (and hence fetching) an explicit ref fetches only that ref, so after your initial pull your repo had only and , both pointing at the same commit.
It was a good size portion as well - I couldn't quite finish it after the two appetizers we shared, so I had to take a bit home.
The ribs are cooked Southern style, and just the way I love them.
I will probably switch to S3 eventually.
You had an invisible non-standard whitespace character before your require statement.
I've tried with JavaScript to simply determine the browser window size to determine the fold; unfortunately - this doesn't work well because some browsers have tabs, etc and even though you might have 2 browsers windows at the same size - each browser might be displaying a different vertical size of content.
10110001010101000.....001 size thousands or millions) I want to assign this bit stream into a one column vector x.
A co-worker and I decided to go out to lunch together today.
My findings were that for a small store, PrestaShop, Zen Cart and Magento are a bit overkill.
It works quite smoothly on the admin side (inlines work, etc.) On to the next section.
If you're looking for something fun to do, I'd recommend it.
I've been able to extact useful information from the Soap header using and just need the Soap action to complete the log.
The people were very friendly and professional.
Depends on your need, to avoid a forever running thread, if the thread examine for, say, 100 runs and all queues are empty, it can set some variable and go wait() and the event producers can yield() it when seeing it's waiting.
The variables and are lists containing captured URLs.
It's fast, friendly, priced right & very good.
\n- Omelettes: Their egg white omelettes do a great job posing as normal eggs.
I was impressed with this place.
If management want something good and cheap - it won't be fast.
Just go through and let me know in case you need some clarity.
If you want to return two values, return a with them.
Illini Inn is the last dive bar remaining in campus.
Here is the code snippet i am using Any help on this is greatly appreciated.
I prefer this approach, which is a bit short and sweet:
First of all, a copy constructor is initializing a brand new object.
Alright, I found out that the problem was in another function that was still expecting the dictionary to be a list.
I was lucky to get a last minute reservation to get a manicure since it was Mother's Day weekend and they were apparently booked the entire time.\n\nI got an essential manicure with Marilyn and she was awesome.
Check out this implementation If you need to auto-adjust height of the chat message for long text uncomment all five commented lines.
Since you want it to automatically change based on the data in the table, this completely rules out views and queries using constructs like .
It will work for you :)
There are many examples showing how to call webservice by the button click event: How to do this by the interval?
mongodb: Schema designs for social networking like app As I can think, We can define Schemas like following: First Approach: or Second Approach: I added comments to explain what I'm thinking about these schemas.
The decor had a nice Irish feel and they had a band going at it upstairs(another example, they pronounce Smithwicks properly, if you don't understand, just ask an irishman)\n\nThey charged a $5 cover, ladies were free.
I can't understand where it comes from...!
I start with a tease like a tart martini...tastes like key lime!!
I mostly understand what was wrong with my car instead of my usual clueless-ness.
I've been driving by Teds for years and just recently stopped in.
I wouldn't be surprised to see the currently interpreted view engines all eventually end up with a compilation model eventually.
Fancybox iframe type return value on close I'm using fancxbox,it is possible to pass back a variable from fancybox child to parent.
Friendly hosts who will humor you if you try to speak Thai to them, and of course great Thai food.
\n\nIf you are looking for used books of various genres (nothing too old) then this will be a great little pit stop.
Using this simple method, I was able to call stored procedures in MVC application
This is probably the best place in Charlotte to shop for jeans.
How to we improve the quality(esp.
The test does not work for some reason.
She did a great job, was easy to talk through what I needed even with me not being terribly helpful (I don't always remember everything when it comes to this stuff).
Located at the base of the Hearst tower so parking there is easy and it's a central uptown location.
I wish more restaurants did that.\n\nOne of the earlier reviewers mentioned confusion with picking up baskets right next to the utensil area -- when I visited, there was a young woman running food out (she called the number and waited for the correct person to raise their hands).
Brought a rough sketch in and gave it to Jake.
I could add to to my css.
On some systems (Windows with VC springs to mind, currently), is ridiculously small, i.
My dog means the world to me and I couldn't imagine anyone better to handle her care than Dr.
This lovely restaurant near the BOA Headquarters and the business district is a surprisingly excellent restaurant in a hotel at the Marriott.
I wished that there was something extra on the sandwich, such as melted butter.
Really not much to complain about.
The reason I'm unsure is because of that word, "technically".
Kind of like a Label with it's height and width set to "Auto", but I would like to start with a pre-determined dimension.
Staff is very friendly as well.
How can I make my component to detect the mouse position?
The selection of teas was nice but I agree with the other reviewers that the storage of it was a bit off.
**You can get a steak/chicken mix with the burritos
Walter's is just a fantastic establishment.
anyways I have tried to check the contents of @units before querying for job positions in various ways: *replacing @units parameter with the following expression: =IIF(Parameters!units.Count = 0, "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000", Parameters!units.Value) *having another parameter containing a comma seperated string of the @units values and checking if the lenght of that is greater than 0 before executing the dependent dataset, etc.
I have scatters of points and I'm trying to visualize the different decision boundaries i get with .
\n\nAnother reason for the four star review: when I got back to Chicago, I started experiencing pain around the area where the wisdom tooth had been removed.
You need to add these to the bookmark and user model, so
The flatbread sizing easily fed one.
Lot 17 is a great little neighborhood bar in Bloomfield.
I think I'm not being able synchronize between Socialite and TwitterOauth.
Looking back, I probably should have gone way more.
You don't want to encode the address, the querystring params, or the and delimiters, otherwise you'll end up with an address the browser can't parse.
The system defined operator only supports boolean operands.
She scurried of to speak to her supervisor or maybe a more experienced stylist for suggestions on what products or brushes to use.
Tried replacing with and 2 with 1, and still no dice.
Only went here once about a year and a half ago, but they had great pancakes!
If you're just trying to run a one-off load test, you could manually modify the flags passed to the Kubelet on each node, but since that flag isn't even controllable by Kubernetes's Salt templates, there isn't even an option to control it with an environment variable.
Random crashes occur in my iphone project, see two call stacks, all in web core, all crash after UIWebView deallocate Random crashes occur in my iphone project, see two call stacks, all in web core, all crash after UIWebView deallocate.
This kind of problems of course do arise in basically all classes that try to deal with equations.
Okay, so let's get some skeleton code out into the : But we need to somehow link that handler to that button, and link that function to the actual .
Cross-platform: Jupiter is available for all platforms supported by Eclipse.
You want to search and replace with the empty string using this regex: You can see which portions you will be replacing, as well as a detailed visual of what's going on with the regex, on www.debuggex.com .
If you are using Express checkout Integration, you can use GetExpressCheckoutDetails API to retrieve the buyer information and display in the order summary page on your website(not in paypal checkout page).
I am wondering what the best way to convert an ArcGIS JavaScript application to an Offline Windows Application would be if there is one.
Since I am not a huge fan of salmon I did not try my girlfriends dish but she did assure me that she enjoyed it whenever I asked her about it.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely be back in the future.
I followed this official guide .
The damage was minimal, but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.
The updated open kitchen and living room combination were beautifully decorated and super clean.
If you don't carry out, you get free refills on soup and rice.\n\nGreat, great food and fast service.
Doesn't this violate the is-a relationship.
However, it won't obviously allow you to use whatever IP you'd like.
Without a valid doctype IE could be switching its rendering for your page to quirks mode, or a rendering mode for IE8/IE7 which would not handle the pseudo selectors like first-child or generated content.
She said the trout \""was perfect\"" and she was so full she skipped dessert.
If this is the case, the then fix for the memory leak is to simply remove the declaration from your code, as follows: However, I suspect that this is not the whole story ...
Our daughter's car was fixed in two days and looked superb when returned.
Consequently, there is little point in setting to a larger value than .
They have the cutest gift shop and their prices are great!
So you could pull the longitude/latitude for the postal codes and use a spacial index to do proximity searches.
Theres a decent amount of seating but I have had trouble finding anywhere to sit several times already.
1) Coincidently in=5 is set only during the neg edge of clock.
If you really, *really* like it, consider a one year membership deal.
\n\nI went with my favorite pizza combination, Mushroom & Onion.
\n\nOne of the things I like best about this place is that the menu includes info on where your dinner was born, raised and caught.\n\nSUSTAINABLE FISHES\nThey exclusively serve Lummi Island Salmon\n \n\nTilapia, NC\nLouisiana Catfish, LA\nAtlantic Salmon\nRainbow Trout, ID \n \nWILD LINE CAUGHT FISH\nDayboat Fluke, NJ\nLummi Island Salmon, BC \nTombo, HI\nWaluu, HI\nShutome Swordfish, HI\nStriped Bass, NJ\nPintado, Brasil \nChilean Sea bass\n#1 Ahi Tuna, HI\nMahi Mahi, C.R.\nWild Sea Scallops, MA\nDiver Scallops, Baja \n7 oz.
Wheel zoom works for element and doesn't work for element.
We asked her where she had her dog groomed at lori's was the place.
And the Plaza location has their act together; every day, they get slammed with a hungry lunchtime crowd of bankers, Duke Energy-ers, etc, and they consistently manage to fill orders correctly, quickly, and tastily.
First of all, you need the data items to be presented in a bindable form.
If the project is large, you will still be taking on this complexity, but it will pay for itself in ease of maintainability, extensibility, etc.
Reserve 2-3 hours to enjoy the museum.
Start in the manual here .
Staff is always friendly and service is nothing to complain about.
I would love to indulge by eating here again.
My approach to creating the watch is to authenticate an administrator, and use that Token to add the watch on the resource that the administrator had added as a calendar to his list, so it's showing up in the calendarList/list call.
That way you can bring in COLX values from the highest RANK records from Table B that match the records of Table A.
By using [self.tableView.tableFooterView addSubview:...] buttons are not shown and if I use some other UIView, place buttons there and then say that the footerView is that UIView, I see the buttons, but am unable to press them.
Issue with JSON sending Hey guys so I am trying to have a JSON send over a value to another page in wordpress to create a session once a image is clicked on.
This regular expression will replace all non alphanumeric characters with the numeric character 9.
I write the application's code, and my designer takes care of all the visual elements/css.
To store a string: To retrieve string:
\n\nTheir brunch menu isn't that extensive but the prices are just right!
For example: [100, 99, 102, 98, 103, 103] will create a new column with this [2, 2, 3, 0, N/A], 0 means not find.
It's lightweight and doesn't need to be installed by users.
If that's not your sort of thing, then avoid typical church hours.
Both were a fantastic start to our meal.
I myself had been so fortunate to attend my first year and was completely awed.
Recently just saw the Nutcracker, but have seen many a show here.
Now I want to know how can I get the exact view handle of any key or why this animation is not working.
\n\nHad the nachos, fried pickles and the crawfish burrito, all of which were tasty.
I added this below but that does not seem to help either
Cuisine Malaya is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
But, here's the part I'm still thinking about...
The chips were warm and crispy and the salsa had just the right amount of kick!
Ned Kelly's is your normal steak house.
Update 2 Following JRulle's second proposition : Without collapse This is an expected result, as my first row are , so the style should not draw borders for them.
What I tried so far: But it does not open the popup?!
What's the better approach to solve this problem?
What I don't understand is why duplicate peaks show up.
As a young woman, I have had so many awful experiences being ripped off or treated like an idiot at auto shops.
There are a lot of ways to share information between pages.
For objects intended to transfer data, it is common to add the TO suffix, so we have , , , , , , etc.
The noodles in it were also good and the beef was better than expected.
The sight lines aren't the best, but can be mitigated if you get there early and are actually around people who know what sports are (wtf would you sit with your back to the field while you doodle around on your phone?).
I encountered a very messy problem on encoding single quotes.
Cloudera includes YARN so people can have the most recent Hadoop bits accessible to them - but it's very clear on Cloudera's website that they do not recommend YARN for production.
Cheap, decent fried chicken and a bunch of southern side dishes.
Hendrick and Tony Hairston (our sales contact) earned our business by spending the time to ensure we knew why Lexus was the best choice and why the RX350 was the right car.\n\nIt was our first luxury car so we had a ton of research and notes.
I have been here twice recently.
Rather make your application less concurrent.
The documentation says: Note that this is the time zone to which Django will convert all dates/times -- not necessarily the timezone of the server.
Love the outdoor seating watching the bikers go by sipping on an iced tea.
e to the power of something imaginary can be computed with sin and cos waves wikipedia entry for e and vector exponentiation has it's own page as well matrix exponential
I know that there are things like Google Apps.
That should give you everything you need to test locally without exposing your site to the outside world.
There are several threads on this here at SO but I didn't find one that deals specifically with the awesome jQuery Form plugin which I use extensively in my app.
This and four subsequent cases led up to \""Brown vs Board of Education.\"" \n\nThe museum isn't huge, but it's not tiny either.
Have you ever walked out of a restaurant and felt like you wanted refinance your home, open up a restaurant house account, rent a cot in the back room, never ever leave, and never eat anything else again??
Would this situation call for a recursive method (my teacher briefly told me this might be necessary) or otherwise?
Without you cannot stop the function from returning.
Many of the other panels can take over a day before analytics are visible.
I think Martin Fowler, in his work on DSLs, has suggested using inheritance in this way to allow convenient access to static methods, allowing those methods to be used without class name qualification.
The owner is almost always at the store and is very attentive.
We are running a plain webserver without access to server-side redirects so trying to do this just by renaming the files (locked down corp environment).
My app is like this one .
It wasn't ideal that I had to walk in an unknown area late at night, but it was a short walk and I was happy I did.
\n\nIt's pretty easy to navigate your way, and I love grabbing a beer before a flight at California Pizza Kitchen.
Was visiting from Chicago and this place rivals any of the best Irish pubs out there.
The list of different combos goes on and on.
A bit like rollout, though not user-specific and using AR instead of Redis.
iOS - UITableView not displaying cells I have the following interface set up in storyboard: The controller is a custom controller that extends from UITableViewController.
Why is R prompting me and failing on `update.packages()`?
You'll see examples of A and B at the front of the restaurant.
We find it's possible to get out without spending an arm and a leg if you do it right.
Actually, the hallmark of excellence is probably just making really fantastic gyros, which is a thing that Zorba's is all about.
The service is always over the top, cars are in tip top shape.
You can write in this way
Trying to append a row to a Google Spreadsheet in PHP I'm using Google's Client API via Composer ( and I have successfully authenticated and received an access token.
The flavor of the dish was exactly what I hoped it would be - delish!\n\nDavid ended up getting the garlic chicken too, but he asked for his to not be spicy...
EDIT: For syntax highlighting take a look at Code Mirror and ACE .
The sauce was a little too thick for my taste, but very good.
I never write reviews, but I have to recommend the Renaissance!
I have a deployment which is set to replica: 8, and it's (almost) evenly spread between the 4 nodes.
\n\nDo me a favor and stop by this stand while you're out shopping in the strip, you will not regret it.
I always get the spicy chicken dish and await the fun.
Your current example method has value hard coded to "Mult" but I assume that would be changed in your actual implementation.
I always get the Godfather (1 or 2) which is an Italian beef sandwich.
\nThere's convention space in the hotel and the Charlotte convention center is right next door.
Any suggestions here would be great as im pretty sure im going to start loosing hair.
Then, you may also observe that the services are initialized in order they are injected.
How to: Parameterize the URL for a Web Performance Tests Web Server Testing Web Sites and Web Services in a Team Environment
Not even a whiff of urine or vomit.
If I don't use a singleton I am confused as to where I might create my model class.
I went to Lowes looking for some firewood for a recently purchased fire pit for our backyard.
Nakato is a pretty standard looking Japanese hibachi grill but also expect super high ceilings in the foyer/bar area and expansive rooms with the traditional grills.
I will start off by saying, I am not a huge fried chicken fan, but myyyyy goodness!
Boarding is inexpensive at $22/day-night which allows your pet play time outside.
\n\nIf you live in the area or not they are worth the drive to check them out.
IronWorker is a service that provides to cloud developers a facility to queue / schedule jobs in a way that is meant to be simple and scalable.
We got the brunch and while the $24 pre-fix menu isn't cheap, it actually felt like a steal because the ambiance, decor, friendly attentive staff, and generous portions of delicious, inventive food were all so fantastic!
This may be difficult to locate for people that are randomly looking to stop somewhere, though.
Seriously, we went for lunch and i SWEAR the waitress took our order, walked back to the kitchen and returned with our food.
I did not have much time to explore everything but very impressed by the sheer size and architecture of it.
The best steak I have had in my entire life.
my javascript cookie works for my show and hide, but doesn't work for my toggle?
I have a situation that there are two image folders containing images.
I am getting user.getproperty("email") as null first time.
I may understand people to complain how this once humble and low-key airport has grown into this major hub, but it's honestly a great airport.\n\nFrom a functionality standpoint, this is actually one o the best airports I've ever been to.
I am dying to try the deli burger but have yet to do so.
I ordered the burger cooked medium-well, even though the waiter sort of tried to talk me into medium.
crack open another beer and wait and chug and wait and chug and wait.
Upon putting A,B,and C.xhtml into subfolders A,B, and C, and then navigating from Home.xhtml, to A.xhtml, then to B.xhtml, I get this error: "/A/B/B.xhtml Not Found in ExternalContext as a Resource".
Get onion rings as your side.
TFS access rights for revoking some rights to project collection admins I am using Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS).
The burgers were great as well.
We also chose the shrimp, scallops & chicken with broccoli.
you can add a helper method to your class: Than use it like this:
Google Spreadsheet: Count rows with not empty value In a Google Spreadsheet: How can I count the rows of a given area that have a value?
Although technically it is possible as Aladdin has answered, I would strongly suggest you not to use PHP/Yii for this.
I would like to do something like..
\nThis place is a blast, did I forget to mention about the outdoor patio and live music.
I was in and out in 15, and only paid 10 bucks.
You may also need to add relative imports in your for any custom modules.
I had gone to the larger store because it was Sunday and Urbana Tire was closed.
Will make a trip to Luna again whenever I'm back in town.
Even when running as normal (not testing) the JTable column did not initially respond to F2.
I enjoyed their wine selections, though one of the reds was much better alone (not with food), and probably shouldn't have been on the menu.
Technically yes, you can consume API given by private operators like Pay2All or directly by Yes Bank Links :
Here is my html before replacing it Here is my jQuery code For some reason when i try this script, the new content shows up but the fadeIn() doesnt work, it shows up instant.
Some things though were just meh.
I inhaled my plate of salmon cakes, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.
In this related answer: you can see a similar issue as I stated above.
but still, I would eat here all the time if they kept this!\n\nInstead I've ordered the Penna Alla Vodka (minus the pancetta) and the Ravioli Alla Fiorentina.
The Diver Scallop Ravioli w/ cream sauce, wilted greens, and Sriracha gastrique ($8) was my far my favorite dish ordered.
But also there are so many other stores here...Target, Kohls and Bed Bath and Beyond...just to name a few!
(two favorites: Poco Dolce from San Francisco and Eclipse from San Diego)\n\nc.
In this case buffer will contain 8 bit alpha channel values only.
The dataset is loaded as "cont" My intention: Map frequencies of mentions: Insert an extra column as cont[,43] with name "include" that would say TRUE or FALSE for whether I should subset it Subset the dataset based on I hope that is all relevant information.
I'm definitely coming back this restaurant for more Indian food.
Is this a correct algorithm ?
Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage.
Or perhaps have each buffer contain a flag indicating if it is a video frame, or a chunk of audio.
\nWe started with the fried pickles, based on previous reviews, and they were perfectly done.\nKR had the Rooster sandwich and enjoyed it so much, she only offered me a tiny bite, As I'm unable to order the same, I was forced to the Tip Top burger, and was not disappointed.
You can use the function from the package.
Every time a user then visits the form I run a check to see if their IP address is already in the table.
And everything after last dot after last backslash in string is interpreted as file extension even if this means that the folder or file name referenced with is an empty string because the folder/file name starts with a dot and does not contain one more dot like many "hidden" files on *nix systems have, e.g.
(Unless you count the onion rings appetizer which tasted like most deep-fried onion ring appetizers.)\n\nSome of you know me now as someone who LOVES tradition and history and preservation and stuff-like-that.
For some reason it seems extra-humid in the fitness center, but since most people are there to sweat, I guess it's okay.\n\nOutlets in the room exactly where I need them and I love the little coffee and tea maker.
For example, if your contains one header, tapping on the first item supplied by the adapter will result in the variable having a value of (rather than , which is the default case for no headers), since the header occupies position .
Food is cheap, breakfast special is $4 and it runs all day!
I'm coming from a C# background, so not sure how Swift handles protocols fully.
Now I setup a rendertarget and I wanted to show this renderedScene on a sprite (HUD-Sprite so to say), but the sprite is not showing up.
I dread graduating and moving from the area because I know I it will be impossible to find another vet that comes anywhere near the quality of Caring Hands.
I'm using lowercase for everything but classes, which I put in camelCase.
It was so easy and I am a proud owner of a 2014 Ford Taurus with all the bells and whistles and the color, Dark Side is pimpy if I do say so myself.
The prices are good as well.
Pamela's is certainly a Pittsburgh institution, and for good reason!
The cauliflower soup with tarragon emulsion was fabulous, as was the tomato basil soup.
Does it have anything to do with MyActionFactory being in the same package as the others?
Well my 2nd time and for a Chinese Buffet, this place is fantastic.
Precompile your regular expression pattern by using qr// if you're using that regular expression in a loop.
Best Chinese food in Charlotte!\nHoney Walnut-Chicken is to die for!
You could also use reflection to load and execute your class from Main, that's kind of messy and probably not required.
But really, they do everything on the menu so well that you can't really complain.
I found a tutorial for the algorithm and attempted to mould it for the game.
using String.startswith() with a unicode string I am trying to trim a string scraped from an HTML page using BeautifulSoup.
'K:\HeadlineAutoTrader\Autotrader.Infrastructure.HeadlineFeeds\Data\KeywordsAndPhrases.txt' Which it doesn't, it returns; 'K:\HeadlineAutoTrader\AutotraderTests\bin\Debug\Data\KeywordsAndPhrases.txt' which somewhat makes sense as the code I'm testing is being run in the test project.
Create a KMZ file which includes the pictures and the KML KMZ tutorial for google earth
find out if text of JLabel exceeds label size In Java when the text of the JLabel could not be displayed due to lack of space the text is truncated and "..." is added in the end.
If it's a cronjob running through CLI: Or if it's triggered by a browser request from the other PHP script, just verify if the IP is yours/local:
Haroldson is a sweetheart and can probably put any nervous pet-parent at ease.
Question: How can I determine the "fold" programatically (how much vertical content the browser is displaying)?
where the behavior of private and static method is different from only private method As for my understanding: When a method is static it is early bind can call with the name of class even before no object is created can call only static member inside it.
For example, if defining an ISuperCollection(Of T) which provides array-like access, one could offer a non-generic ISuperCollection collection which implements methods Count, RemoveAt, CompareAt, SwapAt, and RotateAt (calling RotateAt(4,3,1) would rotate three items, starting at item 4, up one spot, thus replacing item 5 with 4, 6 with 5, and 4 with the old value of 6), and have ISuperCollection(Of T) inherit from that.
My new is app published as hidden in the Chrome / Google Apps store, and I've read that I should be given OAuth2 credentials to use with my application.
The barbecue chicken is off the Richter good, but definitely strange.\nI've never had barbecue chicken that was battered and fried first, then seemingly baked in tangy sauce.
Thus is the experience of GE Market District.
But when I insert some code samples it always producing output with more and also content in single line as well .
Fired up the Yelp and see Alexander Michael's getting awesome scores.
Something for everyone, and great beers on tap all brewed in house as well as bottled beers and a full bar.
I'm pretty much a newb, but I think the problem is that when the modal opens, the invalidateSize() method in the leaflet source code is run, since the map div is not visible, the 'size' gets set to x:0, y:0 which ends up breaking the map when I transition back to the original state.
How to have separate urls for the same app in Django 1.9 I have an app that will have 2 kinds of urls, one that will be included in other apps and one will be included in the settings app.
I've visited a nearby well known steakhouse recently and this was FAR better.
Does anyone know how this is possible?
She was quite friendly.\n\nWill definitely go back the next time we are in Madison.
Created the image from the disk using the steps mentioned on this link .
I then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer.
Am doubted, since you have pointed to same page for three hyperlinks.
So it is basically emit and on that you will be using often.
So to me it made sense to use a map with an object as a key.
Alternatively, you can check out Bootstrap from Git and modify the variables file to the same effect.
I don't know if the behavior of and is any different in Python 3+.
I need to make sure the slicer will work on any OS and that people don't need to install too much extra stuff to make it work.
They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.
MiKT E X is an up-to-date implementation of T E X and related programs for Windows (all current variants).
It starts loading the page but never actually finishes.
POSTing JSON to WCF REST Endpoint I'm working on implementing PUT, POST, and DELETE for my service.
It's a bit funky but the food is good and interesting and their menu offers a lot of choices.
I am using nginx and ubuntu 14.04.
At present, everything runs without throwing any exception, but the output is just black.
I've become good friends with one of my instructors and his wife (who also teaches there).\n\nI'm telling you that this is a DEAL of DEALs.
Adding -ExecutionPolicy ByPass is what made it work.
You're an inspiration 2 athletes everywhere!!!
VERY fast take-out service.\n\nOnce bumped into Jim & Tammy Baker during lunch.
Secondly, that might be because of htaccess rules.
You're supposed to eat it when it's fresh.
Error: Any mistake I am making here?
You walk into this STUNNING garden with plenty of art.
the , and while the css file may be in the same directory as file (which I assume is what is generating the content) but the browser is what actually makes the request for the CSS, not the picture.php script.
We each had a $10 off brunch which made this a steal :) We were able to sit outside even in the winter which was nice.\n\nAll in all, I love Casbah.
It is most likely just as fattening as a burger, but it sure does taste good and gets me craving it to come back!\n\nThey also have a great wine selection that is worth checking out.
$22 for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish.
Was just stopping through on our way to Las Vegas.
I then had the special French toast, which came with peaches: for some reason I expect fresh peaches, but they were canned.
I think that the fact that Jon worked there then made the difference.
The open kitchen is very entertaining.
I love coming here mainly for the service.
We wanted to talk to the manager, who never came.
I'd really appreciate if someone could explain what I'm doing wrong here.
Well, folks you are missing out.
So I have: as the main repository, with namedtuples of the form: I can then append instances of these namedtuples each time a change is detected to data using commands as below: If I then print out the contents of data I would get output like: what I would like to do is export these tuples to csv files by tuple name.
Symfony3: set Custom FormType "name"/"blockPrefix" I have a .
Try this, this should work if any of the fields are empty.
And when I search for "Java plugin maven shading" or similar the only results I get are about the maven shading plugin (which I don't understand the first thing about either) I don't want to get too deep into maven commandline, I'm using a eclipse maven plugin.
For instance, say you want to access the access the gate values of a GRU.
Just read the csv file and extrace the field.
Seating is in cramped booths unsuitable for people taller than 6', or at the bar.
Or is there some sort of that might be added so that it begins loading again once it is in view?
Is there any way to debug or step through gradle scripts in Android studio?
Jquery tab reload with a parameter After some events in a tab, I would like to reload it.
But I have no chance installing fibers as I get this output.
I was recently privileged to receive free tickets for myself and a friend to the play, \""The Divine Sister,\"" courtesy of Yelp Elite.
Results in: An unhandled exception of type 'System.FormatException' occurred in mscorlib.dll Additional information: Input string was not in a correct format.
It was very close to the chicken Pho, except it had less noodles, more veggies, and a little different twist on the sauce with some crunched peanuts that settled at the bottom and a bit more spice.
This type have flag, which means that this is non complete type.
I had the house made granola which was just amazing!
but it gives me the famous error i have looked for the file by "which mpif.h" and it returns nothing so i set the PATH as follow : now which mpif.h returns the path to the file but again when i try to ./install the model it give me the same error.
I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc.
Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside.
But i have the problem, I can not setText to this datagridviewCombobox.
So say there is a list of possible permissions for users, I have a table with the list of users, and the user permissions options (radio buttons) should appear next to them.
But I can't take ownership or make the new bucket public.
The downvote might be because this doesn't sound like a very efficient solution - might it be better to get the Excel data into a Word document or format the Excel document in an acceptable way.
The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.
I'm trying to create a front page in which i am using something like this: And my css is I want to be able to use fixed position in every part of the page to adjust to the screen but when I use "position:fixed;" on the first header, everything after it doesn't take the positioning properly.
For XPath 1, use : For XPath 2, use : and to get the prefix and the associated namespace uri.
According to my likely faulty interpretation, and are called in identical situations.
My favorite Madison clothing store by far.
Strange SIGPIPE in loop After dealing with a very strange error in a C++ program I was writing, I decided to write the following test code, confirming my suspicion.
This is an old school drive-in.
My stepfather-in-law gave me sage advice about finding good pizza.
Don't underestimate it.\n\nBe sure to try the \""Angelo's Special\"" sandwich with the homemade mayo sauce.
odbc.ini odbcinst.ini freetds.conf res_odbc.conf Remember if you are using Centos 64 bit to modify the driver path to lib64.
Hibernate is not for you - yet.
You want to use a for that.
They've always been helpful and friendly.
My girlfriend didn't really care for what she ordered (I can't remember what it was, a sandwich of some sort), and several of them didn't like the smallishness of the place or the service.
\nThe staff is really friendly and they seem to know what they are talking about.
I worked as a barista at the Espresso Royale inside the Undergrad Library on Gregory.\n\nI much prefer Espresso Royale's coffee to Starbucks which can be a bit too thin and sweet for me.
It's our go-to for a quick bite to eat.
Multicast traffic is no different than regular UDP except for the IP address.
\n\nAll in all, I would definitely recommend La-Tea-Da's for catering.
You may use instead of as mouseover will fire again and again as mouse moves on it, .
Implicit sharing in Qt follows the CoW (copy on write) paradigm - objects will implicitly share the same internal resource as long as it is not modified, if some of the copies attempts to modify the resource, it will be "detached" from the shared resource, copy it and apply the modifications to it.
It allows my consuming code to decide how it wants the entity to be persisted.
I never wait longer than 5 minutes because I typically get a seat in the bar area.
There's often multiple ways to solve an issue.
Wings, pizzas, sandwiches, wraps, fries and other appetizers.
assuming the last two conditions should be adjusted as I suggested try this version: If you do need to use SUMPRODUCT then restrict the ranges rather than using whole columns
Good God, the color schemes on these things are hideous.
You don't get more convenient than that!
The complex app that this example is based on shows that the popup does exist at the correct location and can interact with the user...except that it's invisible.
Yeah its a chain but they seem to do it right.
It had just been delivered by UPS minutes before I arrived in the shop and I was the first person to try it on.
junk / ugly crap that no one with any real aesthetic taste would want in their home.\nprobably better for sourcing fixtures for industrial / commercial spaces ...
Within an hour (enough time for me to grab lunch and fill up my tank) my suit was done and better than I expected.
It offers snacks and drinks for sale that one can take into the theatre.
On to your specific questions: 1.- What is the most widely used column width?
I also had mango & sticky rice for dessert.\n\nWe all thought that the food was great.
Very fresh sushi and great atmosphere.
The thing is I have multiple view controllers in and I wish each of them to detect the shake gesture.
Add to the beginning of function instead of pass the parameter into it, so that you update the value of global variable .
AIR from HTML: Controlling Size of New Window I'm using Dreamweaver to convert a web site into an AIR desktop app.
Regex Issue in Siebel application I want to mask DL number when I get an email from auser.
For example, here's some lovely working code: Here's a demo: The problem arises when I try using the elements after their original document is out of scope: The above results in the following errors: PHP Warning : Couldn't fetch .
Now this takes me to the next point.
What I want to do is to customize my SP's in the way that they are going to return me only updated rows.
It instead continues to load from the /public directory.
In my experience, 2-nd level cache rarely accelerates real applications and yet creates a lot of problems.
An entire tenth of my day was spent at this restaurant.
They honored my request for a King Room and we also put in a remodeled room.
On yet older systems (like, 8-10 years old), some other timers may be used for QueryPerformanceCounter.
This means that you cannot use a custom sort descriptor in your fetch request.
PHP open source multi user login I've had, I believe, a great business idea so I’ve decided to try develop a minimum viable product myself.
My favorite section is the clearance room for shoes - always a great place to find a steal on footwear.
I have installed Berkeley DB 5.1.25.msi Windows installer I have installed Berkeley DB 5.1.25.msi Windows installer and now I want to connect to it with a Java API.
=P\n\nThe specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night.
I'd seen who didnt help me at all.
I wish they had french fries as a side but, like I said, it's an old school joint and they serve old school sides.\n\nEither way, I can't complain, their homefried potatoes are good.\n\nThe service is impeccable and I haven't had anyone who wasn't over 40 and looked like they'ved worked there their whole life.
I knew that they had the Murder Mystery thing going on, but I didn't think it was as big as it is.
Disable button when there are validation errors in listbox datatemplate I have listbox with list of textboxes created using data template, And I want to disable save button when there are validation errors in listbox datatemplate(list of textboxes).
when I get to the last frame I would miss all the previous frames information.
I think that maybe covert kicks in at 1030, but dont quote me on that.
Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.
I've been taking pets here for several years after a bad experience with another vet.
I have never been to a supermarket that has its combination of size, local products and management.
The callback in findOne happens in the future, it is async.
Looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so I hope I can catch that.
Overall, I will most likely go back to Il Piz because it is such a staple in the South Hills area, though it would not be by my choice.
The complete crash log: We tried symbolicatecrash too, but it doesn't point to anywhere.
The ambiance and music was light.
Give a feature to export your matter to a suitable file format, say doc.
better tasting food, better frozen yogurt, better specials every day...I just don't know.
Not quite sure, but Morty seems to have it down to a science.
JSON and iOS and string data I have a problem with my attempt to show data in JSON UITableViewDataSource The data from JSON are: JSON itself has gone through the validator.
I came here for the show called True Grit: Frames, Fixations and Flirtations, which is a blend of woodwork and other types of craft with art.
d)Use a cached XML file as the data source and retrieve the data with a DataSet.
They are really unique to the database on one particular device.
The snapshot displayed the behaviour I had been trying to render on the phone but still won't show up on the actual device.
Many coding standards ( including FxCop ) hold that you should use properties instead of fields for public data.
Got take out here tonight and I love myself some Wisconsin Fish Fry.\n\nWe ordered the Lake Perch and The Cod, with baked potatoes.\n\nIt was great.
My wish is to generate that code inside empty with specific .
While it won't directly integrate with your collection you can index things in memory using the RAMDirectory.
Additionally I would like to include and only if is and is .
There are several categories and several subjects in my database.
The spicy softshell crab roll was amazing and i stuffed it into my mouth as usual because its a larger sized sushi.
The tickets table is for support ticket when customer log issues they are having and then the customer_notes table is for when customers phone up, everything that is spoken about over the phone is logged in this table.
DOC margherita pizza is one of my favorite foods in the world, and I ate it at least once a week when I was living in Florence.
Here you will find your css file.
In case you really want to use Streams, Inside your onClick method for your save button, you want to call this: which will save whatever you defined in obj to a file named "file_name.txt".
Abstract classes are used to provide common functionality to child classes and force child to have own implementation of abstract members.
But as soon as we alerted the waitress to the situation, she bent over backwards to get us our food as quickly as possible, take-out containers so we could finish on the road, and the check paid without delay.
The Spinach and Ricotta Ravioli is usually featured and always delicious.
Planning to come back to try more of their fare, since their Valentine's day menu was limited.
If you don't know in advance how many rows your array should contain, you can use an instead, since the capacity of an can grow.
It's very alive and animated with people everywhere!
javascript: null variable in function changes its value?
Tim had mentioned that Blue Plate was full service, but I had no idea how much they really would do for us.\n\nWe had 265 guests, and my wife was a little nervous about running out of food, but Blue Plate, again, hit it out of the park!!
Is it a good solution to introduce tied relation between specific ViewModel typa and ViewState through the generic Type parameter like ?
I'll call it as "Model" just for demonstration.
It's SO basic I can't find a question already addressing the issue.
Can anyone know what is the way to do so?
How do I remove empty nav tag in wordpress website?
You can sort the elements before adding them to the DOM and then add them; that should work.
My acct mgr said the piccata was excellent as well, which I believe as she used the bread to mop up the remaining lemon caper sauce.
I found the much touted corned beef hash to be too salty but everything else we ordered was great.
later we were told that they had called our names 5 mins.
By default, we are taking the current user credentials and passing that up to the server.
You could use something like this ​ All that it relies on is jQuery and the for attribute for each label is correct.
I don't mind having to resolve a conflict each time I get the latest revision, it's just one click It's so much more convenient than having to think about good ignore files Also, if I have to add an external DLL file in the bin folder now, I can't forget to put it in source control, as the bin folder is not being ignored now.
They provide knives and all the cooking tools that the Students use.
This way you can set the fontSize and can handle it in just one .
It seems similar to this mailing list discussion , but I'm not sure if this is an issue or I'm doing something wrong.
I asked the technician if I could get a manicure or do I have to get a full set of nails.
What i want is something like this: Example of strings that will match: what i have now is two regular expression : AND any ideas of how to replace those two with only one regular expression?
If I go back to see another IMax, I'll see a film designed for the theater.
Today, among the regular fare, (like their marinated/seasoned olives) there were mussels, a broccoli salad and caramelized onions atop crunchy bread.
The daily specials are usually pretty great as well.
side dishes were excellent as always.
The second part of the question is that Spring Bean Factories can be configured with different scopes.
We can talk about semantics, but REST is very different from RPC.
Fresh, sweet, spicy and all around good.
We ordered the fried baby crabs and tofu for appetizers [tofu was divine...not overly cooked], then a sashimi platter, a ramen, an udon, a tonkatsu entree and the spicy pork belly w/kimchee dish [an unusual item for a Japanese restaurant as I believe it's a Korean dish, but wonderfully prepared nevertheless].
When executed for first time hashBucket is empty.
For years, I'm amazed I just drove by this place on the way to/from the airport in Charlotte not thinking much of it, but then I saw it featured on Diners' Drive-ins and Dives.
I didn't eat at BIG mike's.
The bug was reported as 'E-mail validation fires immediately when text is in the field' bug report and discussion here
If you're going for the food, I have to recommend the fish fry and/or nacho platter.
So, i tried it in my console one line at a time.
Another one of my old UCB watering holes, Stool Pigeons is a great place to get the evening started, watch the Sunday games, or settle in on a snow day for a round or 20.
So I just copied and edited the code, but it fails with this exception: First-chance exception 'System.Windows.Markup.XamlParseException' in System.Windows.ni.dll Unknown parser error: Scanner 2147500037.
I received this error with regards to the largeHeap Attribute, my application did not run under eclipse but under ant it still built and ran normally.
Note that while there is a default value for the trust store, there isn't one for the key store.) Essentially, the keystore in is meant to contain your private keys and certificates, whereas the is meant to contain the CA certificates you're willing to trust when a remote party presents its certificate.
Also picked up a nice Thermarest from here.
Among the best of the 'burgh.
\n\nAnytime I've gone at night the crowd is a little rough looking and the music is too loud.
This is definitely a special occasion brunch, but it is surprisingly affordable.
All of these have and in their method names.
Edit: Should this be the way I do this?
\nEverything was really good, seemed fresh, and had great flavor.
It's a perfect distance from Chicago.
I had already implemented a client in Java but now I need to implement a client-side application to access CXF.
If you want to upgrade to the latest Bootstrap just change the version number in your file and run the command .
Lots of sauce to dip more of the tasty bread in.
I couldn't help but laugh out loud the first 30 seconds I walked through the door.\n\n Super savvy, humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up!
Haskell, because once you've learned Haskell, you will love it.
From a DNS perspective, Azure assigned IP addresses to the machines in the order that they were restarted, so to avoid confusing DNS, I restarted the VMs in order of increasing IP address.
They are located in quail corners.
any hel will be much appreciated !!!
Karaoke on Tuesday night is so fun!
If I'm not mistaken, these are the prices Monday-Thursday!
However, this only allows you to represent 256 characters, and there are many more than that in the world's various languages.
Also the lemongrass in the soup broth is so amazing.
The problem is likely to be at the 2nd , which follows the loop - at that point the loop has guaranteed that .
You need to have a property to bind the selected items to.
Main data model on android I have an android application with a number of activities.
This is the method that I use for an Ascending sort for example.
I love the ambiance, the food, and the drinks.
$function is left off for just the endpoint.
There's a lot of blank space in the well after the category and tags.
It also has a helper class called KnockKnockProtcol , which is responsible for the order of KnockKnock jokes.
It is probably because you are not calling the method from UI thread.
If you ever come to Charlotte, go to the 4th Ward...
This is a sports bar with pool tables and lots of big screen TV's.
I'm not a golfer, but I've heard the course is pretty tough and well maintained and the prices are affordable.
If the error keeps occurring after a restart, and everything is still working, you can ignore the error.
He stayed on the 3rd floor and I was on the 4th floor, we both had magnificent suites.
I think your first method is really the cleanest.
Everything looks great, but the problem is that as the user types and enters new lines, the is not increasing its height just enough so that the user can see all the text types without scrolling.
This is a charming little place overshadowed by D'z Dogs (which is amazing as well) but we're not always in the mood for hot dogs and french fries.
However I'm just don't get it and I cannot find any examples that help.
IAB, onActivityResult() and the strange message "startActivity called from non-Activity context" I am using OpenIAB to support in app purchasing in my app (OpenIAB uses google code to implement IAP for Google Play Store).
Is there a way that I can do this in a single step?
I wouldn't wait for a special ocassion--perfect for a nice date night.
I was one punch away from a free drink when I handed my punch card over to the employee and she said sorry they discontinued them.
Combining the images can be done easily using And you can then visualize using any of the functions NOTE: You didn't mention what type of images you are dealing with, only that they are 2-dimensional matrices of pixel data.
I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.
If you want to check if a variable (say v) has been defined and is not null: If you want to check for all falsy values such as: , , , , :
The vets are all super nice and if they are booked when you are trying to get in they'll work with you to get you in at the Mt Island location a few miles down the road (great people there too!).
this is now my favorite burger in town!
(REPL) Additional Info: Because the companion object and the class must be defined in the same source file you cannot create them in the interpreter.
If you do have to wait, sit at the bar and order one of their cocktails (Pear Martini and the mojito are excellent.) Extensive wine list.\n\nAll of the appetizers are delicious.
Pretty good dinner with a nice selection of food.
Therefore, the ones that stay open are successful by the sole virtue of their food.
For reference check the link developers.google.com/games/services/android/init
Good place to go for something different and tasty!
He's got some very interesting wines of which he's anxious to share tastes.
Beginner here in need of help.
\n\nHere are the highlights:\n\n-Cheap: Breakfast for two can be well under $10, with lunch around the same.\n-Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait.
No tea or water refill, no interest is selling me a second beer.
If you script has repeated instructions shorten the script down and use the "play loop" and increase "max" setting how many times you want the script to repeat, i find anything over 10,000 lines begans to stall the script to start longer the script the longer it takes to load into memory
Putting CreateElementNS in a function (SVG Groups, shapes etc) I am trying to turn this code right here: Am I doing it right?
If I'm trying to learn OpenGL ES 2.x, is an OpenGL 3.0 book suitable?
Much cheaper and we were able to bring wines that we enjoy.
i read this somewhere and i can't remember what is the technique called...
1 liter of Bubble Gum flavored Pedialyte \n\nWith all of these item stowed safely in my man bag, or \""murse\"" I was ready for any adventure that the night may hold.\n\nNow I know that major corporations are horrible for small business and are generally bad, but where else can a list like this be purchased with one stop ?\n\nHauki !\n\nLight blue trojans please\nSpermicidal for the win !\nDo I need road flares ?\n\nTalent ?
There are lots of things to do and places to spend time that don't involve drunk undergrads.
You need to convert the .NET ticks to UNIX Epoch and then to a postgreSQL timestamp.
This review is more general as opposed to a single visit, and applies to Soba post renovation.
My only problem with it at the time was that they allowed smoking, so I left smelling like a cigarette.
:-) my co- workers are in the awe of the deals I find!
Having said that, What Limitation\requirement you see in Content Scripts which calls for requirement where message passing needs background pages to access DOM of injected pages ?
I recently had lunch with a colleague at Ratcliffe on the Green.
PostgreSQL timestamp select I'm using Posture and I got error message "invalid input syntax for type timestamp with time zone" when using the following select code: While timestamp format is like following:
The very handsome sales associate (near the computer stuff on 8/23) with the moist blue eyes and sandy hair was incredibly helpful to my friend and me.
It can sometimes take me 8-10 refreshes and it will then suddenly appear again.
How can I correctly bind the "pages" ListBox to the SelectedItem of the "documents" ListBox?
Unfortunately I'm currently facing the following error: My processor generates the implementation of an annotated interface.
The \""Saigon Soup\"" was sssoooooo goood!
For more info on the character sets and encoding stuff (which I only glossed over), you really should read this article.
Not only was our order fast, it was SO good.
Great customer service and interaction when they even bowed to my request of changing the type of curry I wanted in my dish!
I had the pasta trio and thought the ravioli was amazing.
Then found out that app store accepts flat icons without rounded corners by doing research across internet as I did not find much information in about icons.
I feel this is newbie question and arising due to my limited understanding of patterns.
Database Design This is a general database question, not related to any particular database or programming language.
I have created a dumbed down example that reproduces the error I am getting.
What you need its called "push notifications".
It depends for what you want to do with the Acess Token.
Our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.
But that was a number of years ago.
Once a year for the past 10+ years we've been staying here.
Then when they moved and became a sub shop I got hooked on those wonderful cheesesteaks.
Java SQL Statement for selecting record from database and using as double variable Java - Netbeans IDE I have this code but the variable Priceperitem is not found, can anyone explain?
Either way, you want to iterate through the Page's Controls collection to find all controls that have a type of Checkbox and then use that to get their text values (and you can limit whether you want to include checked boxes or not in that iteration).
Now for every object, I need to find the best elliptical fit of its pixels.
This joins the two tables, and uses 1 condition.
I only wish they opened a little bit earlier.
It's a great work out...I can barely move my arms enough to type out this review.
Also, short walk to the Charlotte Hornets games!
We asked for some additional wasabi dressing to spice it up a bit.
EDIT: Hope to find a solution works in Windows Server 2003/2008, WinXP, Win7.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR BRUNCH.
Are these url parameters send encrypted because the site in the iframe is HTTPS or are they accessible because the the parameters are created on the client HTTP site?
their lunch special is only around $6-$7 so very reasonable and its always delicious i've been there for probably over 30 times for lunch and i've never had a dish i dont like, their meat, their sauces is very flavorful!
Currently I'm abusing and setting Value as all the time.
You are getting it wrong, So by this, your range will be 18 - 20 instead of 18 - 37 (which your current code is producing).
How have I never been here before?
Merts has an amazing down home southerm charm feeling..
I would cut him some slack if he doesn't appear to be the most patient person in the world.
And the service is always just about enough.
Sam Bok's bread was wonderful, I will definitely go back for more of those.
I thought that the sweet sausage was the best part of it with the polenta being ok while my girlfriend really enjoyed the polenta.
My favorite ice cream dish is the Ballerina...which looks absolutely fabulous and tastes great.\n\nI love the old phone booth, the marble counters, and the other small details that indicate this place is the genuine article.\n\nI keep going back again and again, and I am always warmly greeted by the staff.
What I remember the most about it are the fries.
\n\nSince I've been here so many times, here is a rundown of a few of my personal favorites:\n\nGoat cheese & marscapone dip: Exactly the nom-ness you would expect.
What a great place to stop for a good meal before a Pirates game.
Friday night fish fries are always good.
Source is 5000 observations with 400 vars per observation and target can take on 10 different values (recognizing digits).
I don't think it was a very full house so things were on the quiet side which was nice after a long harrowing day driving in the snow.
I get a work discount of 10% so anywhere you can eat lunch under $8 is awesome in any city.\n\nMy only complaint is that occasionally the meat to bread ratio isn't too great.
How to get rows and count of rows simultaneously I have a stored procedure that returns and simultaneously.
Extra info: As you can see from the pastebin, I programmed it in c#.
Azure portal metrics weird numbers I'm trying to view our peak bytes received/sec count for an eventhub in order to scale it properly.
It is also not for everyone.
It happened to be the same very Sunday the Pens were playing the Flyers in game 7, so all the waitresses were wearing Pens paraphernalia, which definitely added to the experience.
I hesitated to write a review here before because I would've given them a bad one due to their portion size and pricing.
Saw my friend that works here, made some good business calls, talk business with my friend.\nFree Wi-Fi is always nice.
The steak was cooked perfectly (medium - as asked for).
I've often had to wait a bit longer than seems reasonable to pay for a purchase.
Have the biggest fan following of all the teams.
If you are using or are planning to use and do not enable 'Runtime Contract Checking', you'll get a runtime failure about the IL rewriter needing to be bound to the usage of Code Contracts.
For example some code in ONE function: depends_on parameter is the closest one to my requirement, however, running something like: won't work.
I added blackened chicken to that sucker and it was crucial.
You can use Canvas and draw the circle.
The 'All Star' breakfast is the best deal and guaranteed to add an inch to your waiste or a bad case of late night heartburn.
I have this implementation (Attribute and Class): Then I get the property with the concrete attribute in this way: But I need only the properties with concrete attribute AND concrete string inside.
If some one wants that code then i can also provide it is very good.
These are far from our tastes, but they compensate (in our eyes) by taking good care of what they have.
Maybe not, but this is damned good Thai food.\n\nI've eaten outside (dinner) and gone for takeout - both were excellent.
So far, I have used Kruskal's algorithm (using Disjoint Data structure) to calculate the MST (for example: 10 vertices A to J)..
can anybody suggest a good way I could test the Visual C++ Redistributable?
But it's still a nice lounge with great views.
Why is this Ajax conditional dialog not working?
To achieve exactly the same result you must use for now:
We thought my sister was going to explode.
That is often overkill for data that is little more than a single, dumb table with no relationships.
Some of the smaller venues are actually much better for seeing a show.
How to create a table in memory which is identical to "regular" table?
After years of hoping from one hair salon to the next, I finally settled on Cardamone's.
In one situation i am not getting any solution.
David was definitely icing on the cake.\n\nWhile we are from Milwaukee and the wedding will be at Old World Wisconsin it was well worth the drive to Madison.
My family and I have strong ties to Pittsburgh despite living in the Akron, Ohio area.
Though this key is existing since iOS 7, it has been made mandatory in iOS 10 beta.
Had the chicken lettuce wraps and hot'n'sour soup.
:) It is a treat to visit the 4th ward.
It was tender and not greasy.
First I think your template call is non syntactically correct: Should (according to the documentation) look like this: But I'm not sure that you can pass HTML (template1) as the 'data' parameter for the method: UPDATE Looking more closely at your code above, it does not appear that you are passing any data to the call.
Best breakfasts in the Pittsburgh area.
In a small Delphi program I create few TCharts and TBarSeries programmatically on the runtime but then I want to be able to click on a bar of the chart and fire, for example, a Chart1ClickSeries event to display information of that bar.
While the beet salad wasn't great, the other two knocked it out of the park along side the awesome assortment of fresh-baked bread things (no idea what they were actually, smallish muffin).
I had problems handling currencies, then I used this code the problem is, it only sorts only one way.
The solution is in Monotouch, but I can translate from Objective-C if needed.
The IMAX screen/planetarium is an experience that shouldn't be missed, especially when they get the occasional first run movie in.\nThe only reason I rate Discovery Place a 4 out of 5 is that they discontinued the laser shows they used to hold years ago every Friday and Saturday nights.
EDIT - The following will convert UTF-16 with BOM.
Or as shown in the example,
Good balance of quality ingredients, and crust is consistently finished.
You can customize either or both to do more that just get or set the value.
I tried following code but I get Exception on ItemCount(ItemCount contains of rows) The Stored Procedure: Is it because its returning two tables?
How to insert a value into a BTreeSet in Rust and then get an iterator beginning at its location?
Programming looks hard at first but eventually it becomes a second nature.
Here is a good SO question that i think addresses this: You have to sub-class it and stop the paste message from getting farther down, by overriding WndPrc.
But i want to have directory structure like so that i keep separately but i don't want different app
What is the stack overflow community's take on it?
Why invariant generic type parameterized with subclass of upper bounds fails to conform?
Although the implementation of it is simple, it is rather unsafe, since you'd pretty much be asking for users to put all kinds of html tags in the string.
conio.h defines function named getch() and getche() which reads a character then terminates without any enter key.
\n\nThe hotel has nice rooms that are clean and spacious.
And finally, if you really want to do it, you should probably look at your project file.
Any thoughts on what I am missing from the above process?
The beer is served in crisply clean logo-ed mugs along with the traditional beer \""decken\"" or cardboard coasters.\n\nMenus for lunch and dinner with cover the waterfront.
\nI'll be back for sure; but next time I'll bring the sunshine.
Can't speak highly enough of quality of their work and integrity!
I scheduled an appointment online and I got a call the next day.
The solutions I have found through Google seem to either be half baked 'example solutions' or unsuitable for every day usage.
Is there any way to convert above DataTable " " to a data.frame in R.
xaml: When I same code put into the WPF 4 datagrid, it's not working any more (but the combo outside datagrid is still running ok): Why?
It's the exact same counter, showing vastly different results.
This is the place to go to fulfill that urge.
If your PEM doesnt have password ......
they had some darn good wings.
The brought out bread with butter and a second butter made from goat milk..
It had almonds and raisins in it, which complemented the sauce nicely.
Awesome drink specials during happy hour.
The => indicates a lambda expression which is compiled into a delegate function.
What user is your ssh daemon running as?
We stop in at least once a week.
I've three simple functions I bind function loadPoints to click event on button But function loadPoints is been executed without click event.
We use zsh on linux and bash (msys) on windows machines so it would be nice to know how to do it in both.
Even if you abhor spinach you will love this dish (which tells you just how healthy it is).
Now I want to filter the products and alter the score variable (after swipe on a option slider).
In your edit you specify that your helper class is in a seperate assembly.
Another option, probably less efficient would be:
With , the format outputs a .
Def worth a shot if you've never been.
It is based off of .
I have custom widgets that I would like to use inside those cells and I don't want to draw them manually.
40 Enter Tim's pay rate: 20.50 Tim's weekly pay is $820.00 Enter the employee's name or stop if finished: How many hours did work?
C++ Referencing an Object from a global static function I have a globally declared static function that needs to reference an object, but when I do so, I get an "undeclared identifier" error.
it's dark and it has cool round booths.\n\nthe bartender should be a national treasure, he is awesome.\n\nbring cash, you can't use your card there.\n\nOh--you will smell like smoke when you leave, this place is full of smoke.
im getting a seg fault error here, and im pretty sure im allocating all the memory correctly there.
I haven't personally used it but it looks, well, pretty :-) It doesn't seem to be actively developed, but if it works it doesn't really have to be.
A macro definition cannot include preprocessor directives (anything beginning with a ).
I think something like this would approximate the answer: 0 &lt; Light Load &lt; X/2 &lt; Regular Load &lt; 2X/3 &lt; High Load &lt; X &lt;= Heavy Load The thing with a single number out of thin air is that it has no relation whatsoever with your application.
Thank you, all commentors and visitors, especially @PM 77-1, I solved the problem with your help, generally speaking, I need three things to initialize my JDBC tutorial, 1.MySQL 2.Eclipse and a nice plugin as an option 3.JDBC driver, for me it is mysql driver mysql.com/products/connector use the @PM 77-1 provided tutorial to set up the project to manipulate the database.
\n\nAll the maintenance, management, and grounds keepers have been very polite and knowledgeable to my roommate and I.\n\nBe sure to read all of the lease before signing.
The lunch buffet is perfect for begginers in the Indian food genre.
If I could give 10 stars I would!
The first window is opened in my app.js like this: then in mainwindows.js I've got a button called 'next' which does this:
make it like this: Explanation: you were previously changing an UI element from a Non-UI thread and this is not good.
Breeze does not consider the itself to be a property of the entity.
And their database is amazing, they know everytime which table and server that we like to have.
Ahhh my mouth is watering as I type this!!!
Either way, I can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
I haven't been to this location as much as I have some of the other locations but I do enjoy this location.
I hope someone can use this for their own project, however this does not suffice for mine.
Great place, I visited there this weekend and the service was blazing fast.
It is so cheap and you always get so much food and so\nfast to.
To be honest, the rest of the food is slightly better than mediocre, but the pizza is by far the best in town.
Perhaps a bug in ASP.net, or perhaps I needed to use the full assembly name?
Your best choice is really to fake all "not interesting" schemas.
No smoking lounges (probably for the better considering the poor ventilation that's popular among airports).
Android: Gridview not showing correctly I'm trying to build a screen with a single column grid that is 180px wide and attaches to the right side of the screen.
He liked being able to get up and walk around and having all that freedom...he said he will definitely recommend it!
I sprinkled some oregano over and it was great.
Generics are not used like that except in rare (and usually strange) circumstances.
The problem is, that when I add something to my Gemfile and run from terminal and then go back to MacVim, it tells me to run again.
And knowing that half your cart is filled with items the have color tags that are HALF OFF THAT day without knowing until checkout provokes sheer joy.
Change values in 's with jquery I have a table of values.
Why can't post scores via Scores API in Javascript?
Somehow I thought the place was going to be fancier.
The staff of this family-owned restaurant run like a well-oiled machine, used to the crazy crowds that come here every day to blow their diets and binge.
Of additional interest is probably how good of a fit the line is.
The model is a repeated measures analysis of the response ( ) based on treatment ( ) with plot ( ) nested in the treatment.
Our waitress greeted us right away and gave us menus to review.
I am drinking a cup of their coffee right now here in Florida & about to order some on their website!
Music is always great as a mix between Dance/House and Top-40/Hip-Hop.
There are some packages, and classes in that packages.
I tried But this is very different from the previous answer.
Very knowledgeable staff and chill atmosphere.
I've been to a couple events catered by Mert's.
Is it possible to speed up the rest?
Yet, "#include " gives nasty "file not found" errors.
Granted, it's not really an authentic Chinese dish, but this place makes it damn good, and it's cheap!
Most of the people who work here are pretty educated about the various roasts and most are very helpful.\n\n2011 Update -- Sadly, this is now closed.
Children's clothing, toys, electronics and health & beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store.
I'm very picky about my tomatoes and tomato products.
It is hands down the best diner in the universe.
My husband's favorite is Chicken Tikka Massala - which they had on the buffet.
This has made us very happy, since we have always enjoyed Asian cuisines wherever we have lived (San Francisco, New York) and Madison seemed to have been devoid of decent Cantonese/Hunan/Szechuan style Chinese food.
She leaned forward and whispered, \""....yeah 'suchandsuchbar' is alright, but if you want the BEST beer selection in Pittsburgh with the friendliest staff, go to D's Six Pax and Dogz.\"" \n\nShe proceeded to give me directions.
You might even have to call those in a static initializer (not in main), because once you execute main, all the classes it references will be loaded first.
What confuses me is the word "relay".
Abra took great care of the repairs on my truck.
How to find visible element and perform click action in robot framework?
They dont have any draft beers and their bottle selections werent really that great.\n\nWe got the steamed dumplings as an appetizer and split 3 rolls: Godzilla, Sunset, and the Charlotte Delight Roll.
Current, my app can cache data but when I killed my app It didn't work.
this particular idea i got from here I've found loads of other ways of doing this but I cant seem to get anywhere :( hope someone can point me in the right direction :)
The atrium outside the shop is a great sunny spot to sit and read.
UPDATE Set the include directory under Properties->C++ Compiler and chosen 32 bits as the architecture.
Can't read the data from 2nd level nested attribute in ActiveAdmin I have 3 classes: app/model/order.rb app/model/line.rb app/model/pickline.rb So, from the above, the structure as follows , i.e.
You think it's pretty simple because it's just a single command, but in the end, it uses a lot of processing power to do the job.
You have to define the array.
You didn't specify what version of SQL you are using so I am doing this example in SQL Server where @cost_1 is a variable.
It feels trendy, but isn't pretentious like some Uptown restaurants.
Old style design in a charming old building with copper and huge fans.
I tried two queries which work fine individually: 1) The query is working , here FK=PK of CsTicketState (Column name=State) 2) This one also works, here PK(column name) I need to have both on a single query.
I would advice you to use a existing python/C++ library for GA algorithims and quickly implement the same Python Library: Source here: C++ Library: If performance of the algorithm is extremely important then C++ is the obvious choice.
I believe the method that gives you the message you need is And In your CustomViewController, you are going to want to conform to the protocol like this: And then override the delegate methods above to get the messages you are looking for.
I did following code : On localhost it doesn't work.
I could not believe how delicious every single aspect of this dish was.
I didn't find the place dirty - the only thing that pained the eyes were the horrible ensembles worn by the patrons.
All the foods were flavorful and seasoned and prepared perfectly.
Most delicious long island iced tea in the city.
-- Have about 100 subdirectories each has 1-20 HTML files in it.
So i did something like this : I get the data but now to convert it to json format I did something like this : Now , it give error
I stop at Il Pizzaiolo every time I am back in town.
My husband isn't a hot chocolate fan but agreed that it was really, really good.
From To I left my SaveFile() function with
Service is nice, very polite staff.
in my case it is already UTC.
Fresh meats and very, very tasty.
Yesterday I had a couple of meetings in the downtown area about an hour apart so I decided to stop by and have a couple of beers and a pizza.\n\nThe place was deserted but what do you expect for 2pm on a Thursday.
Any help would be much appreciated
I'll start with the exceptional service.
I also loved their fried chicken.
If you think it might rain, bring a poncho; if you think it'll be cold, bring a coat!
My wife's side salad was large, as side salads go.
Well, lucky for me an old college friend of mine decided that he was coming to town for a visit.
I had a bacon and cheese omelette and hash browns.
I enjoyed the furniture and thought it was a great spot to grab a nice glass of wine or a cocktail.
I am okay with the border simply going around each column/element within the row.
Overall I was very satisfied, but would love a few sushi lunch options.
I love the handwritten recommendations from the staff on the books and the huge selection of planners, journals, notecards, etc.
We were seated & greeted promptly.
I had it with all three proteins- chicken, shrimp and crawfish.
Even though all I bought was a cookie they offered me a free taste of one of their other products (btw the pecan sweet bread is awesome).
Every router is in charge of building and maintain their local so this kind of situations can happen.
Sundays is another great crowded night.
Although the food is generally nothing special, the fried dumplings hold an especially, soft, doughy spot in my heart.
I am stuck repeating the the thread.
I'm glad I went back and may try Upstream again soon to see if it's worth the trip.
The service was impeccable from the moment we stepped into the restaraunt.
Great outdoor seating and bingo.\n\nGood beer selection.
the workers are worse than slow...
Alot of people wrote spot on positive reviews so i will some it up, they are probably the best steak house in Pittsburgh and that is saying something.
Next you'll want to make some kind of implementation that efficiently figures out what cells are on screen.
Luckily, you can order online and have it shipped to your house.
Friendly service and all at a fair price.
I would like to have IntelliSence or code completion, and syntax highlighting for SQL queries in my own .NET application.
SQL query to select max value of a varchar field I want to select the max value of a varchar field and increment its value by 1 retaining its original format ..
I also like that they don't over charge.
Content type header takes a single type/subtype, followed by optional parameters separated with semi-colons eg: For your result you need to decide on which one you want to use.
We have a query that uses joinedloads to fully populate some Recipe objects using a single query.
Declarative programming examples are CSS, HTML, XML, XSLT, RegX.
The only difference between the times I tried running the projects was that I did it on two different computers.
So my Elements will now look like this:
Their salad dressing is a little harsh for my taste.
Facebook login integration in my PHP code gives error When I click on the Facebook login button I got this error.
This application has a json API.
Soup and salad were amazing to start with and sushi combination was pretty good.
Inject means this: Instead of this: Notice how in the first example is 'injected' into the constructor.
\n\nI had made some specific request - away from the elevator, not facing the street, etc.
You just provide store-directories and optionally database config to your instances which are (in Spring Data Neo4j) created as spring beans.
While the Downtown location doesn't have the extensive menu that the suburban locations have, any Primanti Brothers location will fill u up with one of the most unique sandwiches in the nation.
Not mushy, but soft and the texture combined with the large chunks of fresh mozzarella was wonderful.
UNIX shell script to read files, copy files and delete files Hi I am writing a shell script in UNIX which reads a directory and copies the files in to another directory and then deletes the files in the first directory I have tried this but it does not work:-
On the other hand, if i use a simple form to insert using Entity Framework, the fields are populated with a value, even though i have not defined a default value (neither in entity framework).
GNU Binutils comes with a utility that gives all sorts of details on what's in a binary.
Hidden away next to the flower section and Starbucks at Harris Teeter lies this little Chinese-Thai gem.
I just was not blown away by any of it.\n\nI feel that the ambiance was what really won me over and if I were ever to go back it would again be on my Boss' dime!!
Because debug.keystrore is different for every devices.
They will be removed from the engine in the near future.
Here is my DTD file (note that fileName and fileNumber are actually purely optional) and as such all this works fine.
I like smaller airports, as it seems like you get better customer service when there's less competition and crowds.
Working example of a link overlaying the canvas
I believe your instinct to create shorter segments with joints connecting them is correct and yes, the number of bodies you end up creating for a length of rope will have an effect on the performance.
How could I proceed without having errors like "QObject::setParent: Cannot set parent, new parent is in a different thread", "QApplication: Object event filter cannot be in a different thread" and "QPixmap: It is not safe to use pixmaps outside the GUI thread".
One may be tempted at this point to say well since all traces are gone than there is no reason something shouldn't take it's place.
You walk from furthest points in about 15-minutes if you use the moving walkways and walk at a good steady pace.
While Anne Gregory's was better than BB, there were still no drinks, champagne, snacks, etc.
I opted for the spinach and ricotta ravioli in a basil tomato cream sauce.
d3 - Scaling @ Normalized Stacked Bar Chart I want to code a reusable chart in d3 - a "normalized" stacked bar chart.
I got to my car and noticed a few others eating, took a few bites myself, and then continued home.
Don't expect to do something with your audio later on though since AForge.NET only supports Vision related stuff.
So is initialized before because they are injected in that order into the controller.
After you do this no matter where the template object is in a calculation.
We are required to sort 5 numbers only.
eg: moodle/theme/yourtheme/fonts/ Some times " src: url([[font:theme|fontname.eot]]); ", this may not work.
No one is better at anthropomorphizing their pet than I am.
Each document has over 10 attributes many of which are pretty large.
In a similar vein, what other optimizations should programmers (especially iPhone programmers, where there's a limited amount of memory/processing power available) do by hand, as opposed to trusting the compiler?
\n\nThere are really cool between inning activities.
Finding a place to park is my only complaint.
I'd made this sample for interpret my idea.
Looking at your code I think you want to show all related to some it via .
Undergoing Parking Garage expansion and new road directions when completed it will be easy to navigate.
I'd advise you to just accept this, and use a layout manager that deals with the nicely...
source As you suggested, you need to get the and use it replace the stock level.
The decor managed to almost completely block out the view of Ritters and the UPMC parking lot next door - a major plus.
I think users are OK with this because all pages are loaded fast except the share buttons which come from each service site.
Maybe you intended something like this instead?
With the help of this API, i was able to complete this task.
The selection is smaller and the best thing is the donuts with creme fraiche.
They are really fresh and flavorful.
The staff was extremely welcoming and courteous.
The runtime performance difference is quite small and will not affect your code in a noticeable way.
I recommend you use jQuery, this works:
Android WebKit doesn't seem to do any scrolling in a DIV, ref Therefore, only parts of the DIV is shown to the user, with no method of retrieving the rest of the text.
No worries about standing in line and taking a few minutes of your busy day to watch Andy work his magic.
At my last visit they were so severely understaffed that I waited about 20 - 30 minutes to be seated, even though I remember seeing open tables during my wait.
\n\nAlso, right next to Princeton Club.
He said he was pretty busy, but that I could swing by at 4:30pm.
Great big booths, friendly bartenders, free wifi, and strong drinks.\n\nSpeaking of drinks: are you into fresh-squeezed juices?
Hi is it possible to update email and website links using regular expression.
It is NOT an easy thing to get through, so be prepared to be patient.
For dinner I had the Seared Sea Scallops and my husband ordered their Grouper special.
I stopped in for lunch and it was busy-- about 15-20min wait from the time I walked in till I got my order, but let me tell you, it was worth the wait.
While I had success doing that there's one thing that I'm struggeling with: The VB Program was using Microsoft Word Interop to generate Excel files and fill Word Templates with data.
This is fine but Im still attempting to work out how to do the same for a while loop of results.
Aside from , a more general way of refering to another class and possibly method of that class is .
Use : Both variables need to be of the same type.
Also, their seamstress is very nice.
Can I somehow turn on the autorebuild solution for files on change?
In order to sample as much as possible, we decided to split four appetizers between us.
Have a look at: Hope this helps.
Due to the screen size limitations and restricted user interactions, the MIDP UI API is designed for mobile devices comprising of the high level and low level UI.
my question is: what am i doing wrong?
I would definitely go to this place again for a late night meal.
\n\nWhile you're there, take in the music, which is sometimes Irish, sometimes hip hop, and the decor of the room.
The only thing I wanted was more lobster!
The burger was plump and large, full of flavor and cooked perfectly.
I walked straight up to a young lady at the checkout who was friendly and efficient and I chit-chatted with her as I dug through my wallet looking for my debit card.
PS: My Openfire version is 3.9.1
I've had a lot of luck with DBISAM .
Assuming that is indexed on id: If your id is an integer: and if it's ascii basically my advice to speed things up is dump the order by.
The raspberry filling was so good, and the buttercream was perfect as well.
\n\nShopping here is a gold find!!
The suites are very comfortable and provide great views and a fun experience for you and your friends.\n\nThanks, Bobcats for being such a fun team and treating your fans!
I have been coming here for years and every dish I have tried has been awesome.
There are offices in the back - which is annoying because the offices windows surround the grand hall.
Lots of marvelous flavor, and a good sized portion served on a plate surrounded by white rice.
As the previous reviewer mentioned, this is a newly remodeled facility which has turned out wonderfully.
I guess that's what I get for ordering pastas with cream sauce.\n\nIn summary - a cute place for a date if you can sit outside.
I will go back for my next jewelery purchase.
How to to filter by media subtype using NSPredicate with PHFetchOptions How do I filter by media subtype using with ?
Also, the shower took a tad bit of time to get warm.
Only store the data in the database.
So the very next day I bought a french press, went back to Nicholas Coffee, and bought a pound of espresso roast and I've been hooked every since.\n\nThere are many places to get coffee in this city, but this place is the tops on my list!
Ohhhh and they gave me the best price on the bike and accessories!!!
That is probably the right thing for this case; I just want to make sure you're aware it's not symmetric.
How to use scala 2.10 trunk with sbt 0.11.0?
You should be able to verify that solr is running by trying the url .
David started with the hot & sour soup and I started with the wonton soup.
You can compare the assigned classes with the actual classes to get an accuracy score: Or make a confusion matrix to see the distribution of classifications:
People either love it or hate it, given that it looks very different from a traditional "HTML with inserted code" template system like ASPX or NVelocity.
This was our first experience at the Waldhorn and, I must say, we were impressed.
The pizza and toppings are delicious and are fresh cooked.
A jyu box is actually the Japanese's traditional method of presenting food (how cool!).
We were there super early though so that may have been the reason.
Best Burger In The Universe.\nI am a burger lover.
They also have a few other things on the menu (regular sandwiches etc), and they're open late most nights.
Android GCM doesnt register device Code: Exception message In logcat It worked fine, but stoped at 23 of august.
The most prominent ones are the following two: table poi: table poi_description: I read so much in the last two days that I'm really not sure how to update the rows if the uniqueid is already in the table.
The SQL trigger in my SQL Server has been disabled.
Here is where I am stuck.
.as for years we'd stuff outselves on Beef & Brocoli and then waddle down for a pint of Mint Choc Chip.\n\nBE CAREFUL about drinking and driving.
The service, although not the friendliest, was solid and my server checked on me often.
I have a form which accepts a list of keywords.
The atmosphere is fun and lively!
There is no option for jdbc that looks like Hibernate; I think you have to get a look to specif RDBMS vendor driver options when preparing connection string.
The kind gentleman who works in the kitchen/tends to the breakfast buffet even went in the back and found us some water crackers for the Brie, upon request.
How I centered a Topojson, where I needed to pull out the feature:
I'm not using an EditText, I am forcing it to invoke pragmatically.
I absolutely love their lettuce wraps, Pad Thai, and/or Singapore Noodles.
Deal is for $30.00 and you could choose an appetizer, entr\u00e9e and dessert.
/** * GET / * Neo4j Graph page.
Perhaps use an explicit local redirect:
The language had features, such as sequence association, storage association, and adjustable arrays, that helped with this parcelling.
member initialization list (efficient approach) 2.
My nod goes to Zapata's by a smidgen over Monterrey!\n\n\nOur Bill: 1 coke, 1 Tecate, 2 waters, 1 fajitas-burrito, 1 shrimp-taco = $30.00\n\nService: The service is simply amazing.
\n\nAs for sides, they are a bit disappointing.
The shrimp and grits was my entree of choice and a house specialty.
It's just a start for an idea but hopefully this is enough information to spark something.
It looks like Tattletale was not able to read my war.
I continously recieve blank emails on a daily basis which apparently means I need to add validation coding.
HTML (the TableDay function refers to a function I wrote which basically makes it easier to create the table): (Text is Dutch) The refers to the following Javascript code: What is happening exactly and how can I make it so that the reference in the html code only needs to be clicked once?
But iTunes can be used to run .ipa files on devices only.
Got it about the crash reports.
I'm not sure whether the function converts the suffix parameter to something like or before appending it to the first parameter, be sure to test a few variants of that.
My favorite entree of the night.\n\nBeef Tenderloin: The filet mignon here was not bad for a non-steak house.
We've always been satisfied with their work.
There are standard features like add,edit,delete.
I've connected here for both Orlando and for Dallas on multiple occasions and I find the flights to be consistent.
These CMs are what SSIS uses to push and pull data from the databases.
Basically portobello mushrooms, tempeh, and avocado.
WiX Make a Sub-Dir a Component Group when running heat Hello all my fellow WiX'ers, I was wondering if it possible, and if so where I can go to learn how to do it, to run heat on a directory and have each directory inside that one be it's own Component Group.
Everything on their menu is good.
I have dined here many times and have always been pleased with the food and service.
She was friendly and attentive, despite the throngs of customers.
with the code below I can use any Type and then just populate and pass in an object of that Type with a few values set (I call this my query object), and the query will be generated to go find objects that match the values that you set in your query object.
I absolutely LOVE betos\n\nWhen i first moved to Pittsburgh i actually hated it and refused to get the pizza, so i would just stick with the Italian Hoagie.....
You need to calculate the classification accuracy on the validation-set and keep track of the best one seen so far, and only write the checkpoint once an improvement has been found to the validation accuracy.
They hire and retain good help.
It seems pretty wasteful not to return the new representation and make the client specifically GET it.
On Mac OS X, you can't use in a basic regular expression, which is what uses by default.
This is doing in JavaScript with html.
I always feel like other places are a rip off with the amount they give.\n\nAlso try the cookies!
Perl/Tk does not provide such functionality.
It just tells you whether TBS was able to send the command and recieve the response.
Let's be fair, I'm not coming here for their burgers.
I'me using it with IE8 without issue.
You can't update a registry as there isn't a platform independent way to do that.
For example, the interfaces Comparable and Cloneable are implemented by many unrelated classes.
To replicate the problem, save this code as a Macro for an Excel sheet, type the number 9853 in B5, and in B6 type "=Kaprekar(B5)".
\nTip 2: Pick up a bottle of hot sauce and sploosh it on the fries...those of you complaining about bland fries definitely need to try the hot sauce technique, as it makes a definite difference.
I am having Webview in android &amp; currently playing youtube video from the Url.
I have a csv file having 2000 lines.
could be a start for you HTML CSS
I ate here last night with a dining partner.
The only disappointing thing was the portion size.
My application is an OWIN hosted Stateless service, I want to write Unit test for Communication listener, Which uses ServiceInitializationParameters class.
UserA is a registered account in a web service that has their information stored in the "vault".
The tortillas are fresh and my favorite dish is the shrimp fajitas.
The mouse button is still depressed, so the game quits.
If I set innodb_flush_method=O_DIRECT, will the read operation of innodb bypass the system cache?
Out of 5:\n3.5 - Burger: The first several times I came here, it was terribly overcooked and dry.
If anything, the Orchestra seats may be close to the stage but require angling your neck up to see the action.
If you think about a CardBook, then it doesn't do much, except for storing SportsCards (not Pokemon or Magic The Gathering cards), so let's just make it do that: While there is nothing wrong with adding Finder Methods to the SportsCard set, you do not want the finder method's logic inside it as well.
some times the service is great sometimes not so much.
Set Debug to 1 for enabling the log and 0 for disabling it.
I would like to thank who ever is responsible for planting the beautiful plants at the Look Out Area at Charlotte Douglas Airport.
Good thing I love him else I would not have shared that dessert!
Thus far I have been unable find an acceptable LINQ expression that produces similar results.
In general, when you have a and you want to write it to a file, open the file in text mode (just don't pass in the mode parameter) and let Python pick the encoding, since it knows better than you do!
Also - your nesting of styles seems wrong, see a working example below.
During all this run-around, I'd done the inspection and said no to buying gas from them or extra insurance...
\n\nThe one thing I love about this place is the hot street food in front of the store every weekend!
On to the food:\n\nI love their wings and hot dogs and my masterful veggie burger creation.
They also repair luggage--even Tumi store won't do that.
It was good.....pretty similar to most blackened food....not exactly signature like I would compare my dish to!
My route is as follows: I tried to place the onException before or after the validation.
\n\nI recommend the chicken soup, served with fresh avacado on top and a lime on the side to squeeze into it just before you eat it.
How would I go about implementing this?
As such, the canvas can't "hyperlink" a text element.
An example of doing this is at
I had never been to a place like this before and didn't know what to expect.
A few issues you can run into if you just kill the sqlldr process: If the number of commit rows is small you may have data already-commited which will now have to be removed.
That seemed to be pretty standard so be prepared for that.
The sauasages of all varieties have been great.
Remote post to webpage from windows service NOTE: This question has been edited what was originally asked I'm developing a windows service that, daily, queries a web service for data, compares that to currently existing data and then posts it to the client's webpage.
Extjs listener on keystroke checking if its ANY character I cant seem to find this anywhere.
You simply need to split the string by delimiters (in this case a backslash), then choose the part you need (in this case, the 3rd field - the first field is empty).
The hibachi grills and the sushi bar.
The house salad is sweet and delicious, and the 'shanghai' seafood preparation is delicious, healthy, and unique.
By default, this name is the same as the content's filename sans extension.
If you are a wine maker, they have a great selection of wine making tools, supplies, and ingredients, and for the beer brewer, they have a great selection of commercial and in-house extract kits (try their Belgium Wit), grains, dry and liquid yeasts, bottles, caps, and every kind of accessory you can think of.
The front desk was very helpful with printing out boarding passes and the exercise room had water for you to rehydrate.\n\nI also had to take a cab to the airport at 4:30 in the morning, and they made sure that I wasn't waiting around for that.\n\nMy knocks on the place are few, but should be noted.
The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush.
If I wanted to open a pop up box telling me which website I was currently on, what would be the best way to do it?
I usually order both because I need my fix when I'm home.
I love a good hot dog and this is a good hot dog place.
jquery submit input and textareas at the same time The code below saves all the Input Fields.
I am asking to make sure that I am not missing the concept here.
First verify it holds for n = 1.
; Adjust column names as needed.
Like so often at thai restaurants i am always sad when i get to the bottom of the bowl.
They have a decent sports bar and a good restaurant with reasonable \""hotel restaurant\"" prices.\n\nMany decent clubs and high-end restaurants are within walking distance.\n\nThe rooms are comfortable with a large desk for working.
s = Chr(&amp;H7); RawPrinterHelper.SendStringToPrinter(receiptprinter, s); You can substitute s for the full Receipt text.
To install via gui go to Help-install New software and drag the zipped updated site onto the window and drop it there.
As far as sides, I would recommend the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and Au Gratin Potatoes.
The soup was warm and hit the spot.
implementing a login with facebook button in asp.net mobile There is something very obvious that I'm missing.
Look at specification of this method here .
My kids love the moving sidewalks between the terminals.
Could it be useful for something?
How to set order of SQL-response?
The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.
If you're a foodie who taps their toe if it takes more than 5 minutes to wipe off a table, then this place isn't for you.
They were always available and addressed out needs, but I never saw them hovering about.
This does not work on custom android OSes where cleaning memory forces close of all app alarms.
They take a perfectly roasted pork loin, for example, and carve thick slices, which are then layered on top of a freshly baked roll.
Automating ASP MVC.NET Web api documentation on the /Help page I've been following the instructions that talk about creating help pages for the Web API, one example being I know that to get descriptions for REST paths, you place these xml comments above the respective methods.
bring your laptop and good reading..
If you want to go the DirectShow way at least use DirectShow.NET.
After them when 6th is placing code fails.
I am finding that knowing advanced topics in raw JavaScript are rare skills and I'd like to have them!
\n\nI was given a bit of sorbet to cleanse the palate before being presented with my Pear and Endive salad, blue cheese brulee and pink apple vinaigrette.
This place is very beautifully decorated.
It's both flavorful and a work of art -- major props to whoever makes it or teaches other employees to do so, because it's incredible what you're able to do.
in , I added a attribute (defaults to false) in , I added a static void method which is just a shortcut to set clearRequested to true in the session in the of my wizard, just before calling , I call lastly I just add a to my application.
It sounds like you want to POST data using AJAX.
how can I make the open panel of the accordion to always be in viewport of the screen no metter which panel i clicked.
First modify your tableView:cellForRowAtIndexPath: implementation as follows.
I would say it was a good value.
You may be able to find it by opening the xib as "source code", look for the element and check there are only the entries you expect.
These three modules are among the most popular on CPAN, have excellent documentation and a broad user base.
I was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to see funny man Bill Crawford, part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him.
You are served a lot o food and its one portion after another...\n\nI'm coming back.
\n\nThe cold cheese might sound weird, the toppings being cold might not sound good, just shut up and try it.
It's a perfect bar atmosphere with lots of aged dark wood and beer taps with fabulous selections lining both sides of the bar.
The food was delicious and pretty authentic.
You can pick up anything from a barista action figure to chocolate body paint to the complete set of Harry Potter hardback books.
We are so lucky to have them in our area and as our city shelter.
Great service, great food plain and simple!
That alone is why I'm giving it 4 stars because being a delivery driver myself in the past, I understand how easy it can be to forget something small and when you're really busy so it's hard to be quick with bringing the missing items while keeping up with other orders.
After a failed attempt to eat at a local hotspot I re-check my Yelp bookmarks and voila!
\n\nOnce you've woken from your salted caramel gelato slumber, head over to the attended restrooms where a sweet southern woman will hand you napkins and tell you the confection makeover simply makes you look more tan.
My three daughters attend Anami Montessori and it's been a wonderful experience.
I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nService was good and prompt.
Most likely there will be a different problem with your setup.
The upstairs room is a decent size and would comfortably hold around 75 people.
Say I have the following code: Then in usage, you'd wrap the reader in a statement: This would be in contrast to manually opening a connection and executing a reader each time: So I'm basically just trying to reduce boilerplate for reading many similar queries from a database.
There is nothing like this in chicago!
I'm guessing that's not what you meant to do.
Some of the best coffee I've ever had.
I've seen a few American airports by now and i have to say that this one is probarly one the nicest and cleanest i've ever been.
Example: to match This ignores rules that restrict prefix and area code (the US doesn't allow area codes or prefixes that being with 0 or 1).
A good friend was out of town for all my birthday celebrations and brought me here as a make up date.
I did not know that they had valet parking as that would have been very useful on a busy uptown Saturday night.
Each key or member has some overhead.
Is it safe to assume that on this very first call, it will never have valid player information?
Hover doesn't work out of the box in BS3, you can use a custom javascript to get that working...
We had a reservation and were seated within 7 minutes.
\n\nThey also have a really good veggie sandwich with Hummus (I don't remember the name), a great buffalo chicken sandwich and fantastic appitizers.
2) Food at the shower I hosted a couple of months ago was tasty, but it just sandwiches and salad.
The mac and cheese is delicious as are the greens and green beans.
Verify that the following line exists in your :
I am not able to break out from the once the garment price condition is satisfied (i.e.
Documentation that I read assumes a lot of web-dev knowledge and I am a beginner.
The equipment is new and always kept in good shape.
Here is the second filter: No magic here.
It is possible to disable UDP checksums in IPv4, either at the socket or OS level.
this.x and this.y are functional from the scope of your checkers pieces object; however, if you're accessing a piece outside of their scope, you must use a piece's instance name.
Two macaws in the waiting room.
Is the layout of structs defined by the C++ standard?
The people with me had the elk filet and were very pleased with their choice.
Now I need to click on game scene using coordinates.
&infin; not displaying inside span tag I am currently having an issue with getting any HTML entity to display while inside a span.
XSLT Script (save as .xsl file --a special .xml file-- to be called below in Python) Python script (transforming projects.xml and reading in other two in XSLT) Output
Perhaps the default browser was not installed properly but ended up putting registry keys in virtualized locations?
Instead of using , use a character class matching any character other than :
Anyway, your ec2 instance is probably still working...
They just added an Illy coffee shop as well in the newer D terminal for those of you who like your coffee rich and Italian (...like your men?
Anything you try from here is sure to keep you coming back for more!
Quality is consistent and prices are more than fair.
There is no standard way to get the battery level for an iBeacon.
I know one customer complained about there being too many romance novels and yes there are quite a few but honestly they have lots of other things too!!
Most comic books stores cringe at the idea of 4 yr olds coming in looking through the comics.
If instead you select HEAD as the revision to merge, SVN will use revision 124 on MayBranch as the BASE, with 125 as the source revision and 127 as destination as before.
I am wondering about the "doGet" and other methods that may be overidden.
Living down the street of Buffalo Blues has it's advantages and disadvantages.
For example, I wrote a program targeting the 3.2 core profile, but used as a vertex format.
This allows you to use more semantic, forward-looking elements such as , and without having to worry about them not working in Internet Explorer.
This implies that the OS needs to reserve some memory for each created thread.
They carry incredible food, but they don't carry the snobby attitudes (or high prices) that usually go along with good food.
Maybe you don't know a master gardener but have a neighbor with a yard you envy.\n\n5.
Mom ordered the Rouladen, which she enjoyed greatly.
They have a small menu but their speciality is a \""make your own\"" past dish.
This initializing part is common for all sessions.
As other reviewers have enthusiastically mentioned, CAPOGIRO GELATO, dark chocolate flavor.
I love book stores, I love it even more when it's local and not big box (which are all dying down anyhow).
I tried the chiles poblanos rellenos...or something to that effect...with a cheese enchilada and rice and beans (Vegetarian...F I believe).
That means if you have and and both are using both and have the binary code for compiled in.
Not having the resolver in global scope available but having the library resolving working nevertheless was due to version 1.0.1 being available in Ivy's local cache from another build.
Does tastypie have any solution to handle this?
So, pull from the client rather than push from the master.
The correct approach would be to refactor this into a proper polymorphic class hierarchy as suggested by @juanchopanza in his answer.
If I were to write this as a straight up, one file program, it would be easy.
We can create a generic (GADT) type with data constructors that have type constraints.
I am so impressed by this place and I'm mad at myself it took me this long to come.
what about storing the info into an object and putting that object in the session?
I felt really silly after that and tried to justify in my head why spending $43 on a $27 order was okay.
Is getting set properly in the controller?
I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious.
For example I will have a while loop of posts, from within the logic the function will check to see if Memcache is set, if not it will collect the results and create the key.
What else do I need to change?
EDIT: The solution gave me another question that I wanted to ask.
I wondered how the script would recognise the domain.
I really enjoyed that.\n\nBeer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list...
As a karaoke lover, oh yea, it's the best place in the city!
I could stay in there for hours!
Also soups, yogurt, pudding and salad boxes.
This place is actually a pretty good diner, which is surprising considering its a truck stop.\n\nI'd say that even though it's pretty similar, this Pine Cone is actually a smidge better than the one out in Johnson Creek.
I think that might have something to do that you haven't properly closed the files.
Whether you keep the Finder Methods inside the CardBook or in a CardBookFinder that you can pass CardBooks into is up to you.
To keep track of this, the compiler requests a slightly larger block from then stores some bookkeeping information at the beginning of the block.
Easy to get between the two buildings.
Including process execution time into shell prompt Is it possible to include the execution time of the just finished process - the output of the 'time' command - into the command prompt?
Choose Permissions or Attributes or Properties (depends on your program).
I stayed at this location about a month ago and my stay was very pleasant.
Nice little place to hang out, went here earlier in the summer and tried it again a few weeks ago .
But I can't figure out how to use Net::HTTP::Proxy to fetch the uri.
It's your responsibility to ensure that the memory you placed the object into isn't aliased by anything it shouldn't be.
\n\nIf you like Thai then I strongly recommend this place.
We walked up to Thai Gourmet, our usual go-to Thai spot, and were greeted by a \""closed\"" sign on the door.
You can use but this is not recommended unless you have no other option e.g.
I highly recommend getting their Prince Edward Island Steamed Mussels.
instead of using a long cast you should cast to size_t.
Good wine selection and the food is always good.
So each UIviewController in its init function calls [self setMyColor].
The temperature inside was pleasant as the air conditioner was set to 66 which was a good change from the stickiness outside.
I have been to the Mimosa Grill a few other times in the past and have always been pleased with the entire evening, and this was no exception.
When I login, "success" must close the login dialog and open the main window.
While you rock yourself to sleep like a grandma (ain't no shame in that), bust out your Pandora, because the WiFi is free, and slowly fall asleep in your melting cup of gelato.
I'm consuming an amazon API and getting back some products form a product search.
That said, it wasn't bad either.\nOn the bright side, my boss said that Dor-Stop's was one of the best eggs benedicts he'd ever had.
We had our backs against the wall in the \""nosebleeds\"" to see the Panthers vs Saints December 2013, and had a GREAT time with a wonderful view!
However , ActivityCompat.requestPermissions is not executed .
I'd like to evaluate the top frame domain and if it's one of the domains in the array, then break it.
I decided to grab dinner on a Saturday night at Quiet Storm.
The Ribeye was tasty, but pretty much your run-of-the-mill regular steak.
Instead, try passing the domain as a parameter in the controller method.
even though that wishful thought didn't pan out anyway thanks to the lackluster veg-dog I ended up with.
There is also a concert venue, normally hosting Christian bands if that's your thing.
How to optimize this css code?
this place had a great selection.
Both were true, so she printed me a receipt, and I signed that I received the merchandise, then I was on my way!
I can't seem to nail down what parameters aid in fast-seeking and high key frames.
Not quite as spicy as \""out east\"" and the Brunswick stew isn't up to my standards, but this place works.
Some say to visit the great wall of China before you die...I say tide the Intimidator.
Closed on Sundays and Mondays too.
I still would recommend to you use C++ strings instead of relying on the old C functions.
If you are in the mood for German food, look no futher.
I thought at first that there might be a way to "split" the output so that both USB devices receive it, as one can do with minijack-headsets connected to the audio output jack using a splitter.
Then go though the vector splitting each string (you can use again here) at the character.
but all I can say is that my mouth started salivating as I was writing this, so you know it was good.\n\nFor dessert, we shared the chocolate cake, which was incredibly rich.
Well, Matt's Chicago hot dogs were as close to authentic as you are going to get in North Carolina.
The employees are always so friendly and fast.
it should be What am I doing wrong here?
In this case, you would something like: However, even this seems strange.
Particularly when it comes to the Thai Pavilion.
Variation with variable count of possibilities I have programmed a game where the player has 30 days to build city.
It is obvious that they really care about the customer, how refreshing!!
The cole slaw is creamy without being soggy and the fries are fresh.The onion rings were stellar.
Nonetheless I enjoyed my meal once the screaming children sitting behind us were gone.\n\nOh yeah...and for some bizarre reason there are bottles on ketchup on each table...no hot sauce or anything...just ketchup...at a Mexican restaurant...am I missing something?
The bakery was empty and the staff later came out after hearing the door.
With that being accepted it took me at least 20 - 30 min to get thru check out and out the door.
How can I make ExtUtils::Manifest include empty directories?
6 dollars for a stinkin cheeseburger?
Truly one of my favorite breakfast spots in Pittsburgh.
Sublime2: Unable to change translate_tabs_to_spaces setting I want HTML files to have a 2 space indent so I've updated my Packages/User/html.sublime-settings file as follows: However, whenever I save a file as an HTML file (i.e.
I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion.
We went with a large group and started by having a drink at the bar.\n\nWe eventually made our way over to the large table that they had reserved for us.
The place is air-conditioned well enough because it can get really hot in North Carolina even in September.
I'm trying to set up the NERDComment plugin in vim, but I'm having some trouble with the keys.
Its probably OK to still use CVS if you are working an old project that already has CVS history.
Open kitchen concept makes the feeling in the restaurant a little more lively.\n\nThe Delmonico steak is great as well as the filet.
\n\nThis is the only place on campus to get tapas, flavorful Spanish style small plates, but they also have a good selection of entrees.
NOT that hard as a rock crap they throw in for color OR that mushy, horrid texture in your mouth stuff either.
As a non-smoker, it takes me a while to get used to the stink.
If an app is approved on the app store, does it automatically pass the beta review?
Any idea what I'm doing wrong?
Jordan ordered Alu Gobhi which was cauliflower & potato at a spicy rating of 5.
I wrote my own calculation using a recursive function and then realised that there was probably a built-in function which I could use.
You could use and to achieve this, but this isn't very performant nor elegant.
I'm also adding hundreth of a second to this.
And i don't think PostregSQL supports nvarchar anyways?
\n\nI went in to pick up a snack today and found all of the display cases were full with Easter-themed treats; it was quite the colorful display, and it smelled delicious!
Great selection of pies, and will take suggestions on what to offer.
\n\nThe greens are nicely kept, the staff is very helpful and all the carts were in working order.
I would prefer to come here versus the over rated Village Tavern.
Everything works fine but I would get a report of the number of times employees.
It is expecting 2 dates from the client system(c# console app).
The balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs.
You could try and be super smart and create one regular expression that matches everything but you will end up with a jumbled mess that is impossible to modify instead you should OR the patterns together to make them easier to modify in the future.
Each has its advantages and disadvantages.
Not Really My Cup of Tea But I do enjoy it.\nI first Went there due to a Friend working there and I got to say it's a nice place and the cheese is great .\nIf you want Tofu This is a Great place to Get it on a Budget!
This laid back procedure surely wouldn't fly on our return trip from Penn Station in NYC of all places, I was wrong.
It's a silly truth and in the end the company will not only loose time, but also the programmers.
Here on June 14, 2012.\n\nHad amazing food here.
Batch file not keeping variables Why doesn't the below batch file keep variables when CMD.exe terminates Is there any way to use CMD /c, whilst keeping variables?
The key is going to be the number on the left and the data is going to be the string on the right.
Apart from that, try their salmon and tuna sashimi.
It looks like is has some arguments that will allow you to define the precision of the read.
So people must like them, as I always have to wait.
But in the view, how do I get it to appear for each user?
To get you started, here's a little JQuery snippet for preventing the default F3 behaviour:
In the second example, itself creates a new instance of .
Now I love a good chocolate chip pancake and it's very hard to get them done just right.
I've had three pairs of boots repaired here now, and have been very pleased every time.
I wish the outside ambiance was nicer; maybe they can surround it with more potted trees/shrubs to block it from the street.
How to move a node to the position I touch in SpriteKit with Swift?
callback get one and only arguments which is response from Graph API usually (but not always) containing property, object fields, boolean false or object (with , and properties) You can modify your by correction of response callbacks to take care of right arguments:
It speaks to this shop's effort to be connected to the community.\nThey're open later than most non-campus coffee shops.\n\nWhat I didn't like:\nIt was freezing in the back of the coffee shop where all the premium seating is, but so hot in the front of the shop that the poor barista was sweating.
But lately I've been getting the thakkali curry, which is pretty good too, with an interesting take on mango pickle (spicy!) and sadly, it comes with the best paratha in town.
Their pork tenderloin was amazing and cooked well and the Maker's gastrique was a great compliment.
Not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs.
try instead of , which basically tells your menu that it should position its left edge to the leftmost edge of its parent.
Custom form elements script I am looking for a customized Form elements like RadioButton, Checkbox and Selectbox script.
2) the start needs to be set for the counter to reset , else the value of count = x (unknown) and count+1 => x+1 which equals x.
Checkout of 2.7 didn't work because your repo didn't have anything by that name.
I did not expect the portion to be so big.
And so mingw32-make command do nothing...
\n\nAlso this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often.
They actually had the Rogue Voodoo Doughnut bombers that you can hardly ever find.
This is such a sweet little place.
There is always something to be said for a divey music bar (every town should have one), where you know PBR will always be the cheapest drink at the bar, where you still leave with smoke lingering on your sweatshirt, and where you know everyone's just out to have a good time.
\n\nIf you're hungry, grab a small bite at the cafe or hot bar and sit indoors or outdoors (and watch the lightrail pass by).
I was warned that it is a hole in the wall, but it's not.
When i moved here I was so happy to see a First Wok!
There are tables and chairs throughout and then there are some comfy chairs if looking for a more relaxed seat.
If you're like me, you probably enjoy watching people eat hot dogs and will want to make D's a destination when hanging in the 'burgh.
He was quick, he knew what he was talking about, and gave a really fair price.
I dig the funky vibe of Fiesta.
Step by step: You define variable trail = [] You return trail variable to controller Server responds with data (but you already return trail) You can solve this problem by using next code:
I do not want it to last more than 10 seconds.
The big open storefront thing is great on a nice day.
When we brought it to the attention of the waiter he said there's nothing they can do about it; it's the hotel's cooling system.
Always happy to fly to Charlotte!
having taken my share of cabs as an adult, i've happily settled on union as a first choice.\n\ni've always hopped into a well-kept, clean, stink-free cab when ordering union.
they offer free samples of current goodies & coffee...
Don't rely on order by when using mutlirows variable assignment.
We loved everything on our platter, and were treated well by the hostess.
I've been looking through the code, and I found this: Is there anyway I can add a reset feature that will automatically fire when they close the window with the code I provided above?
And in this busy world we all live in t A.M is the place I want to be.\n\nThanks Airtran girl, much appreicated!\n\nwww.almikes.net
Trying to setOnClickListener for TextView not in main layout I have a TextView that I am turning into a button.
Unpretentious, hole in the wall that is worth the drive.
In C90, if a signed or unsigned value is converted to a signed integer type, and the result cannot be represented in the target type, the result is implementation-defined.
Binding to interface typed properties I just got bit by yet another binding oddity in WPF.
(That was the one moment I was happy I couldn't sit down and eat, because I knew if I had more time to debate with myself the rum cake would have been purchased.) My small plate and a ting came to around $11.
Script not working in wordpress I would like to move the following page Into this wordpress page The script below changes the images when the thumbnails are clicked.
In continuation to Raghunandan's answer, you could check similar implementation in the link.
I found so many items for such a cheap price.
The neighborhood is awesome and you can see it in their customers.
I also have to thank them because while we were there, LME somehow ripped his one toenail and they were kind enough to clip as much of it off as they could (no extra charge either!).\n\nOnce done, we just walked outside to see what was up (E skipped the bath).
The angel hair is made in house daily and just to die for.
I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing.
Promise chain continues before inner promise is resolved Similar question to but I can't get it to work nontheless.
They seem to be very New York like in terms of seating trendy looking people in the front and parking the Bentley's ou front with lots of orange cones.
\n\nMy virgin experience at Double Door was good enough so that I would def return.
I really prefer to get the takeout.
I've been taking my dog to Dr.
They also sell ice cream, which if I wasn't so full from my meal, I definitely would have indulged in!
I enjoyed dinner at BG but the restaraunt's buffet wasn't great so I couldn't give it 5 stars.
If you did everything right, you'll get your cursor here.
They are also very generous with the bread which i LOVED!!!!\nEvery meal was made to perfection.
I expect not only the service but amenities as well.
The method does not define a seperate generic type.
The above is where you declare you delegate but you also can declare the delegate to any methods that excepts void and one parameter as a string.
If you get stuck there is a Google Group to seek help.
I really wanted to try the 1/2 slab + sandwich + sides combo (only like 2 bucks more than just 1/2 slab) but I knew I couldn't finish it by myself...
You also have an example here .
I'm from Chicago suburbs, so I'm used to townie dive bars and this place is great!
Nginx server (not showing changes) - Delete cache?
\n\nOverall, will be back to check out the rest of the menu.
Almost all of their veg options are fantastic.\nThe downside of QS is their Sunday brunch.
There were still some places open which was nice.
My code looks something like this: So, whatever the user writes on the input field I want it to be saved, but certainly I have no idea how.
There are several of those in the main area, and a nice and clean food court, plus a Body Shop and some other little boutique stores.
We have only been on weeknights, and with reservations, however, so I'm not at all discrediting the reviews that discussed poor service on weekend nights and/or without reservations.\n\nThe pasta trio special was good when I had it, but my favorite dish is the gnocchi with duck ragu.
So good!\n\nInitially, I had no plans on ordering dessert.
You can add this line to your code so that you can have a more verbose execution.
The prices vary - usually good, if you pay cash - but not always.
I would definitely go back and recommend to anyone wanting to have more than just your average dinner at applebees :)
If i run it without the nested tag, it would just run fine, but if i include the nested one it just fails.
The command is defined in section 10.1 on page 72.
I'm left with the individual files, as well as the concatenated result.
They are nice and easy to talk to.
The chicken 65 wasn't spicy or flavorful enough, but everything else was incredible.
The issue was in the dependencies of the gradle.build file.
I can always try making my own thai burrito or spicy buffalo wrap at home.\n\nYou get three tacos filled with fried cubes of tofu which have been tossed in a light sweet General Tso's type sauce topped with bean sprouts, a green salsa with avocado and served with lime wedges, rice, and black beans.
The food is always so good.
My all time favorite is the Shrimp and Crab tower, with avocado in it and Pita on the side.
Attempt to invoke virtual method 'android.content.IntentSender android.app.PendingIntent.getIntentSender()' on a null object reference Has any body come across such situation?Please help out.
The original owner has restored our faith in real Italian food.
You can't beat buying a case for $12.99.
The Dor-Stop has the best pancakes and for not claiming to have the best, they get 5 stars, because these pancakes were heaven sent!\n\nBonus game!: How many times were pancakes and breakfast mentioned in this review?
Either way that should likely be fixed.
So, after some chat, here is my solution, hope this help: I made 2 files, and .
For instance using øæå will cause json_decode to return null.
In order to define string you should use double quote .
My contact from then on was with Ms.
Still, I think that you can easily achieve what you want with the operator.
It is a must try if you are in Mad-town.
\n\nThey also have a nice wine list.
My view is defined as the following: Here I've tried to hardcode the WebView to a large height in order to make sure the DIV is stretched out and shows all the text, and also force the LinearLayout to do the scrolling.
If you wanted to dress up, that'd be fine, and if you wanted to be a little more casual, that'd be fine, too.
I guess the problem is because you have not defined actions MOVE, UP and DOWN for the touch.
Maybe you could register a shutdown function to send 500 header (to get 500 result) and display the content you want to display.
First, I want to say that column 3 is the "component" field (let's say it's marked by a header; it could also be at a fixed position) and set the background to, say, Grey.
Once inside you can see that there is a pastry store adjacent to La Prima (not a bad business idea) and while I did not try the pastries, there seemed to be a lot of happy customers pouring out of the store.
It is so refreshing to find a place that doesn't overload the guac with lemon juice to preserve it.
Bombay Grill nails that aspect, so it gets five stars from me.
Unless the costs are far below the profit, then don't bother.
Not a huge place but still cozy.
East and West is completely vegetarian and leans towards Southern Indian style snacks, whereas Bombay Grill has heartier food and has a more formal dinner.\n\nI think some of their dishes are a little overspiced, but the Tandoori chicken is absolutely divine with a crisp skin and the perfect amount of seasoning.
maybe all you need to do is changing to ?
I had the scallops, which were pretty standard.
Given two paths I have to compare if they're pointing to the same file or not.
Optimizing images in a jar-file Is there an advantages to putting all my small widget graphics in one single png-file, which is loaded once, and then creating ImageIcons for buttons and such from sections of this?
Here are some proposals ordered from noob to expert ;) The simplest approach would be to just use a global variable to provide reference to the controller you need - not recommended.
Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that.
Doesn't feel cramped even when it gets crowded.\n\nSide notes: I LOVE diners.
Well, if you have a CPU, why not just use it ;-) I don't think it can damage anything, at least if that doesn't last too long and your CPU is properly cooled.
I literally crave the food from Legends....you must check this place out!
In the back is a patio and a gameroom with a few arcade/pinball games and a pool table.
(My goal is to uncover a hidden widget I can drop items on which hides again as soon as the drag operation gets interrupted.) I crawled the docs but find anything promising - has someone accomplished this already?
Making UIImagePickerController look like Photos app I'm trying to use , but it doesn't look like the one in Photos app.
I took my food home, and it took me a little bit to eat it was busy running after my 2 year old.
If you want tasty food, and ample servings of it, at a good place then this is the place to go.
My Log: My code for Mymap activity p My layout Manifest this is the MainActivity where the button is ,when clicked it should start Mymap activity.this is Mainactivity code
If you are talking about your own implementation, the answer depends on whether the hash table is capable of increasing the number of buckets as its size grows.
(This is different from the x86-64 System V ABI , where the first 6 integer args go in registers, whether or not there are FP args).
I have created a directive just to make sure If we have to do any dom manipulation.
Could you possibly help me with this issue?
I started off with this: I'm also thinking about preprocessing it but not sure where to start.
Obviously this is more work and thus requires more processing power.
I also got a shot of limoncello in it which made it way too sweet.
Wireshark won't help you if you have to debug HTTPS requests (unless you can get the encryption keys for both endpoints - see the Wireshark site for details).
But now I seem to have a problem.
Why is this code not working?
I am trying to add a child entity to a parent's Children navigation property, but calling saveChanges() afterwards has no effect at all.
There is nothing worse than a pizza that is pulled too soon.
When I go back, I will be back to Dean and Deluca.
I've delt with them many times and always got great service and treated me like a god!
Keeping the dependencies in sync between source code and TeamCity (or another tool) sounds totally unrealistic at this scale.
What is it that requires the environment variable be set?
How do you make buttons re sizable at run time?
It never fails to surprise me every time that I pull into the place that it somehow keeps the lights on and stays in business.
I could repeat what all other Yelpers have said about the amenities, classes, amount of weights/equipment, but I think the best part about this YMCA is the staff.
Frankly, I was sincerely hoping for a butternut squash pasta special but sadly, that was not to be.
I'd like to better understand the logic behind this.
Tender, moist, crispy, delicious fried chicken, that is submerged and soaked in their homemade westen Carolina style bbq sauce thats the perfect combination of savory and tangy.
My recommendation, however, is to go to Campitis (a few blocks away, on Potomac Ave in Dormont) if it's not too late, as they have the best pizza in Dormont.
Great veterinary clinic, this location and the one at Mt Island as well.
My main question is, if there is any difference in the memory consumption of the JVM between these two methods?
I've found something interesting you might like: Check this out for other related tools:
We've tried almost all their dogs expect 2 and my favorite is the mac and cheese dog(w/ ketchup) and the chihuahua dog which is avocado, shredded cheddar cheese and jalapenos, my fiance enjoys a classic Chicago dog.
I used to work out at Dowd way back when I had more time.
Great brots, potato pancakes, and pretzel bread!
I went out for the evening with my cousin since the place that she had a Groupon for was completely slammed last night...
Simply replace: with: Read more on this in SQL and Generic Functions section of documentation.
I have a session time out of 30 minutes, on a sliding scale.
Thx for your time and help.
Starting with the second execution, the is('::animated') is triggered EVERY TIME and the remainder of the slideRight event is not executed...
They have a huge menu though so it'll take some time to go through them.\n\nThe obvious bad thing about this place is it is in a ghetto neighborhood.
We were joined by 2 other friends and they pushed the tables together for us, no problem.
While it lacks in seasoning, getting them to sprinkle on some salt and pepper while they cook it works wonders.
Rollback and modify your migration with Line 3 will create, in the table, a reference to in the table (by creating a column in ).
Maybe there is already a function in R that does exactly that?
It is my favorite in Brookline and always has delightful treats and wonderful staff.
Are you sure you're using jQuery?
Can you please help me out to fix this?
Anyway, I've looked at the java bytecode generated by the axiomatic C compiler, and it is not efficient.
This is surprising for Pittsburgh, because I've noticed overall the town is weak on spice (even the Thai restaurants).
Very friendly waitstaff and good food (bar fare).
However, there are several work-arounds available, pulling the data over or creating a view for example.
This is beef euphoria in wine heaven!
Great place to go year round!\nI hike here all the time and love it.
\n\nThe reason it gets four stars instead of five is that it just seemed to lack that \""holy shit\"" factor that pushes things over the top.
Although Hey Betty pales in comparison to Eons, it's still one of the best vintage stores in Pittsburgh.
The output of the date time seems to be outputed to an array, this is where i am having difficulty before conversion.
It's always been good and reasonably priced.
\n\nSo, now I'm a 6 hour drive away, it's two months later, and I'm still thinking about those Sweet Potato Tater Tots.
When your DOM loads, a nameless function (you can't name functions that you define on the fly*) is invoked from the document's ready event.
Absolute best place to buy a quality bike in Pittsburgh.
I have a separate dataframe (DF2) with a and column.
Now, it's obvious why in the first 3x2 square every node has a value of 100: because y = 1, the reward never decreases.
What could be the possible issue.
Random number generator without repeating numbers I am trying to create a random number generator without repeating numbers {0 - 7}.
I think it's because of the circular reference between InventoryUser and ProductUserPK.
I always get a different rice--shrimp, beef, house, and veggies with extra egg.
I took away a star because they're a bit too pricey still, but they definitely have good food.
I am craving it again as I type this.
No, it doesn't, why do you ask?
Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well.
\n\nTIP: Get the lunch special A or B.
It would be like: So, regardless of the initial random state, the tree would always be (obviously, ignoring differences below 0.1): My problem is precisely that I need to validate if the training set has an error and there's a gap of values where random variation can occur, or if the same set of features is being assigned to different labels.
Needless to say, the incessant music did little to enhance what was meant to be a nice night out together.\n\nI hate holding this against the hotel as they had no control over it and the staff was very sympathetic, but it nonetheless significantly impacted our stay.
Overall I think it's a fun place to take friends who are visiting from out of town before heading down to the farmer's market early on a Saturday morning.
We had 6:30 reservations for a party of 6 and once everyone arrived we were promptly seated.
They've got an awesome patio, delicious eats, and friendly service: what more could you need?
Using the ASP.NET Role Provider in conjunction with the Membership Provider will give you even greater granularity over who can or can't access various sections of your website.
"Sovereign" 1.4.2 SR4+: "J9" 1.4.2 (if Java is running under -Xj9 option): You need to get hold of a JVMPI / JVMTI agent for the same purpose, I can't find a link for this one right now.
The alternative is the other overloaded being a tiny bit more primitive.
Strictly speaking, this is not exacly a Scalding question but you can use something like Apache Commons JeXL to execute formulas dynamically.
On my next trip to NC I will definitely stop here.
Keep a well-trained copy of spamassassin around and feed the posts through that.
Write php code to insert data into the database form and save that php on the file manager on server.
How about every ajax call has an id (which you should document in some way if you have a lot of them) and all the handlers are in one file with a huge ass switch case loop.Or if it's gonna be a big file maybe organise them in a few files - id 3001, 3002, 3003 form submits go to formHandler.php id 4001 400n go to layout system and so on.
My son said his pasta, penne with sausage, was terrific.
Great service, quality work, good prices.
I am really glad I didn't let the reviews stop me.
Dana has a killer sense of humor and if you're lucky, she'll grace you with one of her zingers.
before_filter doesn't seem to "kick in" I'm trying to get before_filter to work on the actions that requires the user to be logged in, however something must be wrong because it's not.
The only thing was they didn't reset my oil change light, but that only took me about a minute to do myself.
\n\nBoth times we've been, the place has been packed.
\n\nI ordered the three wing dinner with pinto beans and rice and cabbage.
I believe you'll find the puppet.conf file on Windows 2008 at c:\ProgramData\PuppetLabs\puppet\etc\puppet.conf On Linux it's at /etc/puppet/puppet.conf
- and lets be honest, you're not going to a stand in wholeys for presentation.\nHis special sauce is tasty, some sort of sirracha-esq conccoction, but make sure you make note of it if you don't want this on your fish.\nUses a bit too much rice for my liking on the nigiri pieces, I think he could use about half as much.
I got some cool reading glasses, a ghost cheese spreader, body shampoo, a WI shot glass, cheese slicer.
It's not a dine in type of place, but it is the best sushi I've ever had.
We ordered the Parmesan fries, mushroom/gruyere crostinis, potato gnocchi and crab/lobster crab cake tapas to share.
Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square, cool area tho.
It happens more often in chrome.
As of writing this review, their hours are Noon - 8pm daily, I believe.\n\nKudos to the new owners of Klavon's.
Another plus, when I needed somethings turned around quickly they were more than willing to accommodate me, for no extra charge.
The headliner, while a bit long, was good.
However, when the game is ended all the buttons animate out of the screen and an image view grows in size out of the middle, each are using 1 animation block.
I have a problem with multi languages from yii.
My date got the salmon special and it was great (Maybe a little better than mine, I had to try a bite!) I ended the dinner with a slice of Oreo cheesecake - yum.
I visited some friends in Charlotte over Memorial day weekend.
If it does not, you will continue to get a certificate error even after explicitly trusting the certificate in Internet Explorer 8 (I don't have Internet Explorer 7, but Firefox will trust the certificate regardless of a URL mismatch).
As for the spring roll so light and fresh served with a mustard and sweet and sour sauce.
\n\nI feel like it's one of those places that people go to for years and get to know the owners and the owners get to know you, so definitely worth 5 stars in my opinion.
Also if the source code encoding supports this character then you can just write it literally in your source code.
There is a calculated value that needs to be inserted in the series, in this case it is 3.5 Desired output: I am avoiding VBA, and I am avoiding sorts.
IMHO, the use of is far more useful than since you have control over the type of exception thrown.
If it's invalid, an exception will be thrown For Netbeans GUI Builder You can set the label icon using the design tool Select your label from the navigator or the design view.
Focusing, Allergies, diet help for eyes etc.
The Saki marinated sea bass is expensive but well worth the price.
This is one of my favorite restaurants.
Is there a way to use UITextField's on a dynamic UITableView, AND 'tab' between them?
It is actually one of the smoothest airports to navigate and has quite a variety of food options, both healthy and fast food.
We weren't looking or expecting a free meal, just an apology, but it was awesome that he came out and addressed it before we could lodge a complaint.
A long, long time ago I taught myself asp classic and built a couple of apps so I have some development experience.
We had the ahi tuna tartar and Italian sausage for our appetizers.
I dropped by here as a stopover on the way back to Norfolk from Atlanta.
I'm only (half) joking about the star thing.
So when you hover the , the image appear hover your wich mean you are not hover the anymore.
Most of the time, I need a specific field to be checked against (like the "user_active=>1" example in the cookbook), however I'd still like to be able to specify that field as a condition and override the default.
It will be userfull for me to see the kind of mime-type of this document inside the url.
I'm not following how your first line of code relates to the "Example".
I think I discovered a new favorite (and reasonably priced) coconut rum.\n\nThe prices on both sides were pretty good.
If you are feeling adventurous try out karaoke night on Saturdays, its always good for some laughs and fun times.\n\nLong live the old school joints in Pittsburgh, I hope you last forever.
It will be sure to make everyone happy!\n\nThe teppan meals are probably the best value since you get salad, soup, choice of meats (or two or three) and rice and veggies.
\n\nThey have fried everything and I love it.
Can somebody help with this recursion logic.
On my system, I created 6 files of 1GB each, and it takes 2 seconds to checksum the file with md5sum.
They love my clothes almost as much as I do - and that's saying a LOT.
All in all b/c of that one experience I take down a star but the food is always good.\nTry the Kung Pao chicken or tofu!
This navbar relies on a controller (let's say NavBarController), and based on the authenticated user, it shows some buttons or not.
And this html is in a string In fact, I don't want to parse HTML, I just want to find the "&lt; span.../>"and replace it with "&lt; span...>&lt; /span>"
Do you have some suggest for me?
Some applications do it well, others less well and others not at all.
If so, don't append it to the output string buffer.
I'm not a comic book person, but I have fun every time I go in this store.
it tries to place your file on a server accessible from the internet (there are also free services) this form google maps developer Your file is hosted publicly on the internet.
Name your reductions and you'll be fine.
Also the same namespace in my request is repeated multiple times when KSOAP2 generates the XML, since I pass a lot of .
Either way, I'm guessing you meant to do this in a constructor, so remove the :
We had a party of six and did not have to wait.
One of several places this topic has been discussed is .
But, didn't I say we don't get out much in the evening without kids in tow?) Yummy is the word for both.
See spring-session/gh-4 You can listen to SessionDestroyedEvent's They differ from the HttpSessionDestroyedEvent in that Spring Security will fire the HttpSessionDestroyedEvent based on the HttpSessionEventPublisher (an implementation of HttpSessonListener).
You could get rid of all your loops:
Edit: my previous question had an example function, which had the contents of Powerm removed.
When asked ifnwe were going to have dessert we declined as we decided to go to our favorite dessert place.
I spend way too much of my life in this airport...
I don't have to even mention the Jackie O as everyone is probably aware by now of how scrumdiddlyumptious it is!
The lobby is relaxed and oddly welcoming, which you can't really say about a lot of hotels.\n\nThe staff was courteous and we checked in with no problem.
So I'm trying to figure out what I'm not getting.
The American fries are great, as is the french toast.
If you blink you'd miss it which leaves more cookies for me.\n\nIt's hard to describe the desserts with any other adjective other than delicious.
Is there any way or tool to apply GPU acceleration on compiling programs with GCC compiler?
We have a requirement to audit a Servlet route.
First add to your : Then add to your Web.Release.config: This allows us to not worry about accidentally deploying the snippet.
But the problem is zooming .
You can check the referrer of the Request object.
Any help would be great, thanks.
I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport!
Another option is placing an error container outside of your form group ahead of time.
ActiveResource with nested relation fails with routing error I am newbie to the rails world and in my project we have following model on server side and On Client Side we have and When I try On client side it gave error When I checked on server side the error was Can anyone tell me what went wrong here ?
She said there were a few groups of Chinese people and a few African Anericans,
Go to Papa j's every once in a while but mostly for the White Pizza.
You might even see Elvis there!
Again, logical decision should be made.
minecraft forge doesnt seem to call postInit I am writing an addon to the minecraft mod Thaumcraft, specifically one that adds aspects to blocks based on the contents of a file.
It's not even possible in this case to do the usual end run around that, using KVC: since is not KVC-compliant for that key.
Longer Answer When you create a component for Joomla!
You can find more details about the KeyFieldBasedPartitioner in the context of Streaming here .
I have a sample project I did about a month ago that has some examples of what you're talking about here.
Which method should I use to read the content from the tag.
I had a similar problem using Star Impact Printer, spend over two days using all codes.
Very casual and chill and best of all, not overpriced!
Remove the following part: Save the resulting file as in your pandoc home: The linked in your yaml front matter should now only appear on the title slide.
On my first visit, there was a Spanish jazz band which was a first for my ears and my ears greatly appreciated the sound.
* Firstly I have a plist file that contain images.These images have their own id.
creating multiple users for a c#.net winform application using sql server express i have a single sql database in sql server express.
I wished the server could have been much more educational with their strengths and limitations to help us make the right decisions on this very first visit.
College is just a stepping stone to work.
Specifically with the version doused in coconut milk--I love coconut anything, and on top of vermicelli noodles with a squirt of hoisin and sriracha, it was heaven.
I don't usually have the opportunity to meet clients in the university area, but was greatly delighted with this Hilton.
I have multiple threads processing multiple files in the background, while the program is idle.
\n I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and I loved it, my wife got the Chicken Curry, also very good.
The BBQ sauce is probably the best I have had.
We were excited to read that this restaurant supplied our weekly lunches and we ordered!!\n\nI ordered the Alu Matar Mushroom at a spicy rating of 3 (yes, I'm a sissy), but it was EXACTLY what I wanted!!
i try to solve the issue but did't resolve..
So, after hearing that they have gotten rid of the indoor smoking.
Try to get rid of exposing the entity's "raw" data and put the logic inside the entity itself - then you have your null check in one place.
I can see the pictures, but when I click it opens another page just for the picture.
The food is very fresh and extremely good for the price, I bought a big list of stuff and I would buy out the entire store if I had the money.
I would like to extend the standard Array Object with some functions, but i dont like to do this in app.js and wenn i declare it in a module, it is not possible to access it global.
The first digit must be 0, 1, or 2.
My shrimp & chicken hibachi combo ($18.25) came with: Nakato onion soup, salad with ginger dressing, shrimp appetizer (literally two chopped up shrimp), a bowl full of rice (I paid $1.75 for the Hibachi fried rice), a hearty helping of noodles, grilled vegetables, shrimp and chicken.
I'm new to php programming, i have looked on the php manual and have not been able to sort it after trying all these different examples posted there.
If statements based on another column within a dataframe: in R For a simple dataframe: I want to write some if statements based on score for males and females.
I have relative paths (relative to the dll location) to those files.
So now when users visit the external site, it connects to my sub domain via a websocket with the url of my site being passed in their url.
We ordered a variety of dishes and I can't say I disliked any.
Converting is not an option, since you don't know anything about what the user meant.
So I've spent a few afternoons enjoying that.
If anyone is interested, I am planning my own postgres spin off with dynamic multi-peer replication support within the next year.
I would highly recommend grabbing a bowl.
The view from any seat is good and if you buy club level, you can watch from inside if the weather turns bad.
Catching the exception is done by defining an entry in the secion, using inline assembly.
Depending on the exact version of the IBM JDK you are using, there are various options for tracking "large allocations".
\n\nGift shop has a lot to offer, snacks, headache meds, stomach meds, chap-stick.
This could be bad for my credit card.
The tour guides are very helpful at answering any question you may have and are very friendly and knowledgeable.
The prices were decent and I'd be happy to go back whenever I'm in Madison.
Does anyone have an idea how I can force an image component to reload?
You can walk to shops and restaurants and the area is safe.
Basically, some drinks come out better or worse depending who makes it and there should be more consistency in my opinion.
I'm not sure how to build it correctly because it doesn't have any makefile or smth like that (pure c++-files).
Mimicking Google Account on the server-side I recently bought an Android device.
They are ready and willing to cater to any need.
The 50's diner motif was cute.
People ask me, \""Alli, where can I get the best burger in DC?\"" I tell them that they need to take 270 to Frederick, get on 70 west, get on the PA turnpike, and get off when they're near Pittsburgh.
I thought it was a bit deceptive on her end for not mentioning this to me earlier when she served us our food.\n\nBecause when we received our food I thought it was strange that I only received two stacks of pancakes, but didn't question it thinking that since it was a \""specialty pancake\"" I was suppose to only get two.
It does not edit the information on the SharePoint list, but rather pulls the names from SP to populate the name field in the new records in Access.
What I want to achieve is that if user visits: www.domain.com he gets content from domain.com/en www.domain.de he gets content from domain.com/de www.domain.it he gets content from domain.com/it And if he visits /assets directory from any domain (.com, .de, .it) he would get content from domain.com/assets.
We took our more mature, distinguished hound for a check up and meds for worms and they were so kind and gentle.
\n\nI went here last Friday, 8/1/14, with my boyfriend for lunch.
If so, then the event is fine, but that may be why things are taking a long time; i.e.
But, let's talk about the food.
After the 21st entry, the loop still continues because the eof bit is not set.
The wall of Clemente, Steel Curtain photos, and my personal favorite, the shoe-string tackle of Nick Harper, which I find amusing to be considered one of the greatest plays in Pittsburgh sports apparently.
Shu ply his craft and many tables on the other longer side of the restaurant.
The only to combat that is to try to encapsulate as much as possible (one class handles it's own dereferencing; look into IDisposable) so that others can't reference and try to adhere to good coding practices (preventing spaghetti code).
But i am receiving "option: undefined variable" And I'm not to sure if this is the correct way to do nsupdate via a user's inputs.
They had an amazing selection of both mens, womens and kids flips and quite a variety of Reefs and Rainbows along with other names I can't remember.
home.tpl have a structure in 1 column article.tpl have a structure in 2 columns My template files are like this (home example) : In order to change quickly the apparence of my website, i wrote the following lines in var.tpl : ps : $page_name is a global variable with the name of each template page.
Every single thing we drank and ate was delicate, perfect, satisfying, and well balanced.
DMV needs to take note here.
Okay, so I am little biased because I am a breakdancer and finally got to meet a bunch of dancers for once.
Has a local feel, not quite dive-y but pleasantly local.
I resolving it taking one of these two options: Use association and then, use array hydration.
Hard to rate a McDonald's well.
If you still can then check to see if your web app is running under the correct .NET framework version (and that it's installed on the server).
Maybe there is anyone who is addicted with the wordpress api.
Airports get extra points for the wifi =)
We got there early enough to secure Seats at the bar.
This is not an inherent limitation in Windows, problems like these are environmental.
\n\nThere are plenty of drink and snack options and a nice sitting area out front with cozy chairs and tables.
The arena is nice and there's really not a bad seat in the house.
This rating is based on my most recent visit because it had been quite a long time since I had been here.\n\nNuts and bolts: Went with the family to celebrate a birthday.\n\nOrder: 1 app, 3 orders of soup, salad, and breadsticks, 1 rosemary chicken, and 1 lasagna.\n\nPros: Everybody left content and very full.
make sure you selected all logs options in windows > devices > all logs instead of windows > devices > com.your.project .
My husband loves their chili and I believe all their soups are made from scratch and I've always been pleased....
In my script I am trying to move the mouse to the top corner of the screen ((0,0) I think).
We went in on an off night (Monday) to watch a football game...
How are these paused periods represented in the TCX format?
I called and they got my cat in the next day.
I had a salmon crepe here & it was delicious - broke me out of the habit of mostly eating dessert crepes.
Perl I love this language, and I don't want to add things that have already been used, but no one has mentioned this yet, so I'll throw it on the pot.
Create a wordpress page with archives of a category I'm a bit stumped on this one.
Oakland is meh, Southside comes up third in my book.
My favorite thing though is the prepared food section, it has so many yummy good things that are VERY well priced.
\n\nThis one is a good location but gets very busy on the weekends.
You can change the hostname value for key in file.
\n\nThe service was just ok, but the place was packed and the food was well worth the wait.
You'll need an extra property in your viewmodel for each number though...
For example we have a derived class: We compile this with GCC compiler and want to find all members of object.
The subsequent paginated pages do not have data and have warnings/errors about invalid index/variables: Controller View (show_list.ctp) How do I get the second and subsequent pages to show the results of the search pages?
This will return the file's contents in bytes and I was able to use the function string(file) to convert the bytes into text.
Since I didn't have your images I used background-colors instead, but you could just change those to background-image to use your images.
I've been here tons of times and NEVER had a bad meal or bad service.
When I the error I tried to call to redirect to page, but it does nothing ( comes from .
I have no control of the contents on the website.
The corn fritters should have either been a little smaller or the lettuce leaves a little bigger, however, because the combo to unwieldy to roll up and eat.
In Windows, the call can silently substitute compatible fonts if the requested font is not requested.
What is a .pem file and How to use it?
Regardless, the owner greeted us warmly and said she would be happy to help us.
How to call SOAP API from the browser I have a localhost SOAP API that I can call using Chrome's extension Boomerang - SOAP &amp; REST Client it works and I get results with this request: Now I need to call this API method; getReview, using the browser.
I have to log in and restart it with 'sudo /etc/init.d/uwsgi start' and then everything is fine.
\n\nImmediate recognition as you approach the front desk is key to happy patrons.
Library: I put this first, because this in my opinion this is the biggest difference in practice.
I like tiramisu that's not too espresso tasting and this was perfection.
Or specify default value for in the function.
I bought a couple of Groupons for this place once I saw the reviews.
You only have a number of cores which can work concurrently in the first place, creating more threads than your (non-virtual) cores will not improve runtime performance.
You have to look past the appearance to have a great experience here.
HTTP Load Balancer ClientIP affinity not working I can't seem to get the session affinity behavior in the GCP load balancer to work properly.
\n\nSome of my other favorites are a Vegan General Tso's \""chicken\"" that has the BEST real chicken texture.
The service is typical of small family run restaurant.
My husband's relatives love Fiori's, and I've grown to love it too.
You can ask for them naked, but as its kind of the specailty of their wings I prefer the batter.
I was having an issue with the emissions light in my car.
I enclose my code (and for good measure I have also included a loop method for an extra comparison).
You should actually be iterating over the list.
We were a little confused because what we were told earlier.
I remember my mailbox lock needed changed and 2 hours later a maintenance man came up to check and order a new one.
Finding a new hairstylist is like a game of russian roulette to me.
He consistently does a great job.
If you have issues, they will take the time needed to help you fix the problem to your satisfaction.
Which may be better than this because the can be reduced to be typed again and decreased readability.
\n\nThere must be someone dj'ing the music in the store because I heard some great music that you wouldn't hear on the radio.
but the sound and just the atmosphere makes me forget my knees are loc ated behind my ears.
It is suggested to improve performance and load time.
Trouble is, I'm having a hard time trying to think of a good alternative solution.
This Matrix is presented by a Grid Layout with 50x50 Buttons, which are white oder black, if the value is 0 or 1.
EDIT: Does it matter that the website is on the d: drive?
The opposite of is , so
A Caribbean kick with a tangy sweet balance from the mango.
So while creating MAINLOGIN , i would give him permission to further create logins.
Using the following may very well fix the problem.
Working demo: If the HTML is not in your page, but in a string, then you can just use the same regex to search for it in the HTML string.
They do hold slightly odd hours as it is a mom and pop joint and they are definitely more of a breakfast place than anything else.
I received my BA some time ago and was poised and ready to go to grad school to pursue a career in academia, either Literature or Creative Writing, but then life happened and fast forward seven years and I had a ton of work experience and traveled abroad but was still missing something in professional life.
It's always a fresh look with lots of different colors and textures!
The salad was super fresh, and they didn't skimp on any of the \""good veggies\"".
\n\nI would recommend Vincent to anyone needing alterations.
The food is simple and tasty (even if you just want a simple garden burger, Cajun fried & a blue moon!) The atmosphere is cozy and unpretentious.
I had my first experience of fried zucchini and now I know what the fuss is all about!
\n\nThe only reason I gave this restaurant a 4-star rating is because of the wait time and the noise level inside the restaurant (sometimes it gets pretty loud), but if I were basing my rating solely on the quality of the food then I would give The Original Pancake House a 5-star rating.
He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us).
The spaetzle was really light and was sincerely the best I've ever had.
I have created 2 tables one for Offers and one for OfferDays.
There are special cases, for instance fetching "dev-master" and development dependencies with stability dev and other "special cases.
I would fully trust Lulu and her shop with any alteration we would need in the future.
So I found Modern Salon just a few blocks away from my hotel.
On edit: I think this gives me what I want, but I'm away from my computer so I can't confirm: I need to add or I get NAs, but I don't like it.
I'm going to be lazy here and take @H2CO3's answer to be working without trying it.
Good portion for price!!!\n\nSat in the sunroom with only a few tables filled was a great atmosphere with a few friends.
However, when we scroll back to those images, all that is rendered is the placeholder image, and the state of the photo is never set to .
I am not over happy about doing it via the appDelegate and it does not seem viable to put it in any of the viewControllers.
Should I take actions to avoid this warning?
I spent the entire time between ordering and the food coming out staring at the wall and finding new peeps.
I would suggest to use instead of the ordinary array.
The problem I am facing is, some view-controllers in storyboard are appearing in Landscape mode and others in Portrait mode.
In Unix this can be done with , but as documentation states it's not available in Windows.
Why do any custom painting at all, when s will not only do the job, but would probably do it better.
All products can be bought individually.
It was unmemorable and I would of like to have seen bigger shrimp for this 6.95 appetizer.
However, if you need octal or hexadecimal, the following example shows the correct syntax.
And, I have to say, the beer selection's pretty good actually.
In python, I would do this: How would I do this idiomatically in ruby?
This is quite straightforward with this feature: On 100,000 elements, this is faster than : Note that this operation can be done directly as follows: Old approach using : Here's a method that would probably scale better.
This question is mentioned in explaining , but is a separate basic question.
It took more time to write this review than it did to get my oil change.
Step 5: Configure the examples When you click the example, QtCreator will ask you to configure the example.
Setting ActiveRecord::Errors object to nil I am trying to add unit tests to a part of my project that deals with displaying errors.
suppose, I have 20 pages in application, now from admin panel want to add some pages to application,so that added pages also show in flip effect.
Method to change self-closing tags to explicit tags in Javascript?
because if I do right after that, it still returns the default path, not the gemset.
Love me a hot dog; especially Chicago dog.
The ingredients used were obviously nice, but they were blended down to a frothy texture that wasn't appealing to me.
Trying to connect and send a POST request using powershell, and getting "unable to connect to remote server" error.
a good solution with ONE sql-query from
But when I run this client and server on same devices (e.g.
When lent rolls around, you always see every restaurant in town with signs boasting, \""Voted Best Fish in Town.\"" I'm not sure who's voting, and how EVERY restaurant seems to have the best.
Capital Grille is not a place that we go often (due to it being a bit on the pricey side), but every time we do decide to splurge, it's been fantastic.
your should definitely be strong as the view controller is taking ownership of the entity.
(if it's down a level, remove the '../').
The brisket was very good, but the sweet potato tater tots were even better.
It is also ok to have parallel installations on the stick as long as the software behaves the same and can work on the same data when run on the different targets.
You can wrap in new class by creating specific List.
I knock a single star off only because the service, while not bad, wasn't great either.
This preserves status bar integrity, link integrity and the look of the site; treating the status bar as if it were a window resize.
Or is there any alternate way to map the network drive remotely without encountering these issues?
This could be because the file failed to load, or the user has images turned off, or the user has a text-to-speech browser, etc, but if the image is displayed, then this text should never be displayed.
They carry a full line of humidores and smoking accessories.
I have a simple object array like so: and I try to filter id in a function like so where id is obtained from the URL If I run my page the javascript won't load but if I filter the array with a for loop everything works fine.
In other words (on 64bit Windows ), for some registry keys (this one included) there are 2 separate locations: one for 64bit(default and old one) and other for 32bit(a new location).
Note: Do not cast the result of &amp; friends (or in general) in C.
Also Tim the owner sang us a Dylan song.
They were extremely fast and courteous.
The value in url will be maps.google.com/?q=36.6942500,137.1864733 Even if you require high precision in location 7 decimal places are more than sufficient.
AutoCompleteDecorator.decorate(combobox); is not working perfectly in JTable I'm using A with in a and using a in the same panel with a column that is set to show combobox as its field type.
They're usually really good about that
My accompaniment had to stifle all my Jurassic Park \""Mr.
I didn't feel like I was being up-sold anything.
OMG , I Found one of the VERY BEST Hot Sausage WITH CHEESE sandwiches that I have EVER tasted.
Parking is free with the season pass, otherwise it is $15 each trip.
Also worth noting they are super fast (food was ready within 10 minutes).
My room was really nice and spacious.
When is set it prints the line.
now am trying to get value of select box into respective textbox in same parent div.
If test's type change to hash map, it's always normal.
Here are the source codes setcontext and getcontext However, these assembly codes are not so easy to read.
I've never come here and not had leftovers to reheat the next day.
This isn't an art museum--it's a vegetarian cafe that makes food and drink.\n\nAnd it does a pretty fucking good job of it.
The lamb itself was kiss-yo-mama good...
The actual exception does not propagate to the output.
For example let's make a list of lists: but if I turn it into a list of tuples: assignment works fine.
I am trying to create an iPhone game with fairly large levels.
The interior is somewhat run down at places, but that gives it character.
Edit In order to make this work for ListBox the binding needs to be changed: See for more info.
Take a look at I'm in the market for a similar solution currently.
I often order a cash fry (chicken, fries and melted mozzarella cheese.
Coffee is excellent, all of the time.
I know that in the old days heap variables were much slower than stack ones, but nowadays with the far more complicated structure of cpu addressing and cache, I don't know if this is true.
Well finally a place that can pull a pint.
I gave 4 stars and not 5 due to cost $$$$!
I have recently implemented DAWG for a wordgame playing program.
Since I had been told that this place serves the most delicious Italian hoagie ever made, we got one Italian hoagie to split.
If it's ok for you, do it.
That is the fastest and simplest way for me to achieve the result you're needing.
But cluster-wide singletons are a potential bottleneck because each call on one of the singleton proxies results in an (expensive) RPC to a single remote object.
The way Spring does it is there's a service layer that gets its transactional methods wrapped in an interceptor that pulls the connection from the datasource and puts it in a threadlocal variable where the DAOs can find it.
In this case don't forget to first call because from what I see from the code, it seems it does more than just initializing the bounds.
Take cake or pie to go.
Bygones.\n\nFor dessert, I ordered the Torta d'Ananas- ricotta and butter cake, caramelized pineapple, Amarena cherries, and coconut ice cream.
To make it better, I didn't even notice that they were there: and that's a great thing!\n\nOverall, my wife and I are so happy with the choice that we made: if I could go back, I'd do it all over again.
I'd like to also allow the user to add a new line by using the enter key.
iOS app - how to get data from app store?
(This is why it is important to not use existing identifiers, and also why many people frown upon macros.) ...
I don't think I have tasted something I didn't like.
My husband loves the chicken and I haven't had better shrimp than the ones at Tobys and I grew up in Florida.\nIt's family owned and everyone in the family works there.\nWe are there at least twice a week.\nThere is quite a wait on Fridays but it is so worth it.
CHARLOTTE DOUGLAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT\nHuge but very orderly-run airport in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Took the guided house tour on a Friday morning.
I would like the dialog to be dismissed at orientation changes just like it happens with the default Dialog created through an AlertDialog.Builder.
There have been quite a few that were average and some that down right stunk.
You should definitively include the relevant code bits in your SO questions if you want to get help.
A few nice smiling faces here and there, but the friendly visages only mask the gray, limp existence that their collective lives seem to have become.
Smaller classrooms provide a more interactive learning environment and there is plenty of free tutoring for various courses.
I was most impressed with the cash versus credit pricing.
"note that the server stored datetime with format '1900-01-01 00:00:00.000'"
like the Tofu soup and Kimchi fried rice Here!
This is a friendly, hipsters-and-yinzers-living-in-harmony kind of joint.
This will create the classes equivalent of your JSON for you.
These two concepts are not the same .
it felt like a much higher end hotel - also cost more than the typical hampton inn.
Can't believe i drove by it a million times and never went.
But I located the source of the problem, the issue was that a new player when trying to load from the cloud had no data stored and thus the data array returned was uninitialized, I was accounting for this by doing an if(data.length > 0) however this causes a crash anyways, so a simple try and catch and just use the data returned as if assuming its correct works great.
I'm a thin guy, so it's really difficult finding a suit that fits me.
I think your problem is, though we destroy session we can still access the page that should be loaded only if the user in logged in.
I can even prove this: go make a file and call it .
But that could also be because I'm not using the proper technique.\nEither way InnerPeaks is awesome, not only do they have some hard core walls that wrap around the entire interior of the building, but they also have little stations where you can work on your grips, techniques and strength training.
In Visual Studio, I can put an xml string into the "Value" field.
It isn't like my nail girls go to a special school to learn how to please me specifically.
Not fancy but the ladies know what they are doing
The code goes like this: I get arguments, do a SQL query, and want to return result to a script.
If the above call to doesn't work, do this instead: Now with the above code, you should be able to generate the same colour segmentation results every time.
The service is some of the best in B/N food was great (I got the burrito loco) and a good place to watch a sports game, Definately one of my new favorite resturants.
When an Input is terminated this way, ErrorLevel is set to the word EndKey followed by a colon and the name of the EndKey.
How can I show items specific to a selected dropdown option?
Here's what I've done so far: This is the separate class that initialises the Images in the GridView: Thanks in advance!
Also lots of veggie options and sizable quantities.
Make sure you run this code on an STA thread, the kind provided by a Winforms or WPF app.
Application storage in is only useful if you need to access the current HttpContext.
I admit it, I'm a fan if the Bobcats.
Creamy, sweet but not too sweet, and perfect with a cup of coffee.
I used to frequent the ones at home for beach garb and shoes but really haven't had a reason to go to once since living or visiting the beach.
\n\nThe only reason they only get 4 stars is my poor puppy is SO sick.
I want to read this data from database and add it into a ListBox with the 'Name' as the new Items text field and the 'ID' as the value field.
I'm not getting what exactly the problem is.
You can use its latest version for both 32-bit and 64-bit operating systems.
Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better.
The portions are good, the dishes have plenty of meat and the vegetables are always fresh.
Dee-licious!\n\nStopped in here before seeing a movie at the Regent Square Theater for some beers, dogs and chili cheese fries.
I am from Germany ;) So, for a research project of mine (Bachelor thesis) I need to analyze the sentiment of tweets about certain companies and brands.
The desserts sounded fantastic, I almost got a rum cake but stopped myself.
There are also many plug ins; I would recomend the ModernAqua theme to improve look and feel.
In the construct method, you should do instead of , then use in .
Basically what i want to do is grab all CSS that is referenced in an external stylesheet e.g and append it to any existing styling for each HTML element in my page.
There is also a larger piece of dry ice in your glass container which keeps your extra martini cool until you're ready to drink it.
\n\nGreat selection of dishes on the menu.
Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.
Tokuriku, thanks so much, you we're not quite right but it got me to the eventual answer, here it is
I am not sure what is going wrong here.
Speaking of being full, the food is very rich so you will leave with a full stomach.
You can pull the map into something like TileMill using this guide to turn your image into a GeoTIFF.
After publishing, one image folder gives me images but for the next one I am not getting any images .
I was confused between Cain's and The Saloon of Mt.
The kind of clog your arteries good.
Full disclosure: From my personal blog Addition program in android XML and Java code for addition of two numbers in android Mainactivity.java activitymain.xml
The code simply adds the capture source's filter (capFilter) in the capture graph and then connects it to VMR9 renderer already added to the graph.
Hope you don't mind following that link.
First, I'd better do it on SQL Server side :) But if you don't want or cannot to do it on server side you can use this approach: It is obvious that you need to store SessionID somewhere you can create a txt file for that or better some settings table in SQL Server or there can be other approaches.
I went to eat at this place when I was in town- the traditional menu is incredible.
If I'm on a business trip, I want to be able to work in my room, and having to pay extra for the privilege of working efficiently is not cool.
Read up this blog post about white space.
Pork and brisket sandwichs are AWESOME.
Oh yes I also ordered banana pudding.
Passport.js multiple local strategies and req.user The client for my web-app wants to totally separate regular users and admins, hence I'm trying to implement two local strategies for : And then in my API admin router: In fact, I was following the answer here: and model name.
The code below automatically fires notification on onCreate of MainActivity.
There are family restrooms available as well.
As of now, a "sticky" Service equipped with a boot receiver is the only way you can let android not permanently destroy a background process of an app.
OPENLIST CHECK If you look at the A* algorithm on wikipedia you will see that you are also missing the section starting in which you should also check in FindAdjacent whether your new node is already in the OpenSet before adding it, and if it is then only add it if the score is better.
Changing static content directory I am trying to set the express.static path to something different based on a session variable.
For example: Then inside your controller: Then to reference your healths from your html, use:
When you call , you're saying to open the file in and mode, which means that you need to give it instead of .
I can grab the coefficients from and I end up with something like which could have power interactions so I can't just try .
I'd suggest getting one or two only.
Is that also built into Django's ModelForms?
Any one has experienced the same error?
Just change its value and execute again.
I wanted a shorter, neat cut, and this shop was open.
Doing so would reduce the CPU overhead of processing each packet at both the sender and receiver.
The problem with that approach is that one vertex may be added to queue twice.
Create your own recursive function in order to add manually each element in an array.
Instance Per Request Some application types naturally lend themselves to “request” type semantics, for example ASP.NET web forms and MVC applications.
How can I easily find out if currently JLabel displays full text or the truncated?
Any ideas of how to accomplish this?
Do you have an idea how I could solve this most elegant and easy?
The bread is served along with the obligatory oil and vinegar mix.
Very happy and will come back!
\n\nAfter having some lunchie and being pleasantly surprised by their afternoon eats, I decided it was time to give MBPD a try for brekkie.
Its uninstaller (uninstall.exe) copies itself into a new folder in the User_Local_Temp folder as Au_.exe, runs it and terminates.
Generally speaking, would be more appropriate.
Don't ask too many questions or get yourself worked up.
Both were great, with nice service, and excellent food.
Another nullness-checking tool is the Checker Framework , which ships with thousands of annotated APIs from the JDK.
Its the reason why sha256 or sha512 are used to store passwords in databases.
I'll update this as we go along.\n\nPS they have really cool bookmarks available with your photo and you can have a name written in on it- it looks really sharp!
I know that the packet will be "split" or fragmented if it hits a network device with lower MTU etc.
Ask me you did not get question?
The prices were as low at any place I've been, but I felt the quality of cut was better.
Is there easy way to calculate that?
Based on the finished work in some parts, the end result promises to be spectacular and commensurate with what one would expect of a top notch DoubleTree Hotel.
The routes are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better.
Just got back from a lunch at the Walnut Grill.
Furthermore, the maze inside was pretty easily navigable- this was really important to me because I had to get in and out of rooms quickly as seminars started and stopped every 20 minutes.
Thanks for downvoting me, I accidentally pressed tab to make spaces, which took my focus to the post-button, and then I pressed enter cause i wanted a new line, and it posted my post before I was done :P
If this is the problem, the red "Certificate Error" box in Internet Explorer 8 will show "Mismatched Address" as the error after you add your certificate.
And hey...light it on fire to complete the theme of the night!
Here is a sample of something that will work with the above function.
The terminal you're printing on is probably set up for a latin charset and barfs on the utf-8 characters output by your script.
Then go to skin/front/your them package.
And that beer walk-in chest is very tempting during lunch :)
The renovations are nice, but most of the exhibits have not changed tremendously.
So when you open them in your browser, nothing will match.
If in doubt, I'd contact the original developers and ask them about it; they may have a good reason for making the design choices they did.
yes, it's delicious and high quality food..
I like this theater a lot and plan on many return visits.\n\nThe only small drawback is the seats were incredibly uncomfortable for me.
I usually need syrup to add flavor to this sweet treat, but I didn't need any here!
As your projects grow larger, it becomes unmaintainable to have all your data in the global namespace.
I want my activity to close the last activity/class when he opens a new activity/class.
The shrimp-tacos looked just as appealing.
I had tipped him $5 already, so he made out with $10 in tips.
This is on the wall to the right as you enter.
One of my favorite nail salons in town, and newly remodeled.
Each time I've tried gnocchi, it's been prepared al-dente which imo has made it too much on the chewy side.
I am using ehcache to cache data, usually 24h expiration time.
Great mix of friendly and efficient.
I would recommend giving this place a try for sure.
I love the pastas - homemade tagliatelle and rigatoni.
You would have to use javascript and/or jquery to dynamically add the css class that has the animation to the desired element after the page has been loaded.
(See discussion in comments.) This could be a solution:
This download progress is exceeding 100 as the actual file size is greater than the compressed size of file.
They are very accomodating for large groups, I have been to a few dinner parties here and it was wonderful.
It's something you really just need to experience for yourself.\n\nI ate at the bar, and your usual condiments (ketchup, tartar sauce, salt, pepper, etc) were easily at hand.
I have no complaints, even if it is CASH only I think it's worth it.
They could easily charge $9.95 for this portion.
If you don't mind the calories, get the chicken chimichanga.
My wife had fried tofu & #63.
When I was 12, I did not even know what Antipasto meant.
what is the code to Sync android phone with gmail contact How do we Sync android phone with gmail contact.
The only benefit to being forgotten was that we had plenty of time to read the beer menu, which features a nice selection of craft beers from microbreweries - Dexter's doesn't strike me as a place that would feature such a wide selection of unique beers, but I guess it goes to prove that you can never judge a book by its cover.
The space tends to be crowded so this is not the place to go for a quiet fancy dinner, but the food and drinks were excellent and we will definitely be back.
In addition to JQuery, Google CDN also hosts JQueryUI and all the default Themeroller CSS UI themes (including images!).
Outside of Java, in-browser OpenGL is really in its infancy.
I wish I could have taken her back home to DC, but she suggested a really good stylist in this area.
The environment inside is very pleasant and homey.
The first time everything runs great but when I redeploy the web app I get: java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: Native Library C:\Windows\System32\jdns_sd.dll already loaded in another classloader I already tried deletting the .dll and the samething happens.
Read below Why String has been made immutable in Java?
Using NCover may speed up your tests, providing you with nice and attractive multiple testing environments.
Can you explain why this is happening and how it can be fixed?
Let's examine why that is: Which loop prints out the numbers?
The duds were just a bit more \""experimental\"" than I would have liked.
Java Array out of bounds error isn't out of bounds?
If your application depends on a connection being present, then I think its fair to handle this with exception handlers.
I could live on the spaetzle and potato pancakes.
Occasionally it shows up runny or less than perfect & I get sad but its still better than my best attempt to copy it.\n\nBeer selection is good but could be more extensive.
Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant.
If you want to call another page and get the response back as string, you can use class.
I use successfully the following procedure to get images with SmartGWT working.
Hard coding the platforms and physics objects is very time consuming.
One of the tables in my PDF contains images, which are intricately pieced together in a puzzle-like fashion, and which sometimes take up a lot of room.
I see several questions on SO asking about blank Google maps, with possible code solutions - but because the APK works fine, it surely cant be a code issue?
Change any of these names to suit your needs.
PartitionKey + RowKey form the unique identifier(Primary key) for an entity.
You could do a very nasty loop where you search for the values and then compare from the start of 1 to the next.
add some code to that include file like this ...
I prefer to go to Maharani when there's a buffet, so I wish it had been the afternoon.
\n\nI called East Side, and they were very up front saying that they would be able to drive it around, check my fluid levels, and let me know what they thought.\n\nEverywhere else I had contacted was booked, and these guys came through!\n\nVery Helpful!
They said, \""Yep, we can do that\"" and then told me it'd be ready in 20 minutes.\n\nI got there and it's as unpretentious as the reviews say.
How do I integrate vuforia SDK into my existing IBM MobileFirst project?
They could have had some more flavorful cheeses, but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.
It's kind of hard to describe but believe me, it is worth it.\n\nI've seen people just having the eggs and bacon and I think - you are so missing out!
If you can access to your servlet from your browser, therefor you can access it programmatically.
Thanks for advance to spend your golden time for me.
\n\nNot all cars are set up the same.
Does anyone have any other insights into automatically building/chaining MSP patch files in TeamCity?
I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party.
I have added alerts and it shows that the program is doing the draw enemy function but it still wont draw?
(YOU MIGHT WANT TO STAY AWAY FROM THE SODAS.) Our drinks, including ice-cold water; were brought to us within minutes.
It's always nice to chat and joke around with her while you're getting beautified!\n\nOther services I've had done are nails and waxing, which have also been a great experience.
How to display reports in dashboard ms dynamic crm 2015 I have tried webresource and iframe way to display reports in dasboard but screen is blank in 2015 crm.Please find the blog links which i used to display reports: I am not able to get it.Please let me know how to display reports in dashboards 2015 ms crm
I'd wait a week or two for which is just about to be released, in the works as we speak.
I have taken in both my wedding gown and a bridesmaid dress.
\nAxiom #2: if you prize aesthetics over value, see Axiom #1\n\nFrankly, I do not spend much time in my room when I travel.
(Down from the already marked down \""as is\"" price of $40!) I was thrilled!
I ordered eggplant parmesan, starting with wedding soup.
Great place to experience home cooked style southern food.
It does not matter where in the project it sits, so you can create a new folder for files like this if you like.
Breakfast was good, as it usually is there, and it was fun looking out the window at the SouthPark area.
Started with the BBQ shrimp, spicy yet tasty; sop the sauce with the bread.
This was my official neighborhood coffee shop while I lived right down the road on Walnut for 3 years.
Great biscuits, also liked the potatoes.
Compare your code to the working example code to see what if different.
I've since moved away from Pittsburgh but recently was sent some Penn Mac merchandise and it was a dream!
I would prefer javascript+php combo solution.
Is there a way to attach to an event that occurs when this exception is thrown?
You really can't get lost in somewhere as simple as this.
Here's how it looks - the plugin interface has a link on Jenkins sidebar.
If there's no differences there, you'll have to start expanding the scope of your search.
A few weeks later, I noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.
You can give an id to the root viewGroup, for example, and use:
I asked the server and she said it is for broccoli, pepper, some cheese (and God knows what else!-- too many to list!
My husband liked his soup as well, though good won-ton soup is much easier to find.
My fianc\u00e9 and I shared two appetizers and an entree.
There are 3 Starbucks' in close proximity, there's a Chilis, Jamba Juice, and several convenient shops.\n\nThey also have free wifi & water filters.
We've also tried the Fukahire Salad (marinated shark fin/jelly fish salad), grilled sardines and a few other appetizers, but the sashimi and beef tongue are my favorites as far as appetizers.
They beat out the competition because of their excellent prices, selection, and their quality.
Our server was Bulgarian and very knowledgeable about the menu and the specials.
Uncheck "Redirect all Output Window text to the Immediate Window" Or somethig like that.
I will definitely be coming around more often.
Linq to Xml - Input String I am using Linq to Xml to parse some xml messages coming from a legacy system.
They are really fast with take out orders and my food was ready in under 15 minutes.
every person there was pleased with their meals and almost everyone ordered something different.
If No the How it possible?
Well done Ephesus, you set the bar for all other local delivery spots to try to live up to!
Our company paid for all of the alterations.
Excel Is A1 found between values B and C, where B is the start number and C is the end number, regardless of row?
If I comment out event.preventDefault(), everything works as expected.
Mac OS always strips away the hinting data anyway, as its rasterizer "auto-hints" the font itself.
\n\nKlavon's Twenty-Eight Ice Cream Parlor is definitely neat place for a little time out if you are in the area!
\n\nAre you looking for -\n\na selection of stuffed rats?\n\nsunglasses shaped like martini glasses or dollar signs or hearts?\n\ncheap Pittsburgh mugs or magnets?\n\nIC Light or Steelers merchandise?\n\nold fashioned candy?\n\nparty hats?\n\nOk, you get the idea.
And if the code below was working before then what is the new way of creating an array with custom indexes?
I really enjoyed the chicken tikka, chana masala, samosa and more common dishes...but they also had a goat dish, fish, several biryanis, really nice chutneys, etc.
My favorite now is Bad Daddy burgers.
I usually get the huaraches since it's something different than what you normally see at \""Mexican\"" restaurants.
This workaround worked for me: Since the of is , the periods are not visible.
That's a lot more than 43%, even though B was smaller than A.
The wait staff is very friendly.
How to store Unique data and increment the Ratio using a JavaScript Array I want to store a generated data that looks like using a .
Had their Tangerine beef which was good, but I would like to see a tad LESS Tangerine bits in the dish.
With each transformation, the sourcemap gets also transformed.
If you see in the console you've most likely hit a breakpoint.
However, there are undefined and implementation-defined aspects of signed overflow, so be careful when doing such things.
If I use it is not matching with the string i receive (ie: ).
I've tried running the NotePad sample project as an Android project.
Cookies are more vulnerable, since they are stored on the client's side.
Facebook style video embed plugin for jQuery
A set determines if two items are alike, by using either the objects equals()/compareTo(..) method or by using a Comparator.
In C# depending on how the class is used, you could define one class within the scope of the other.
If new is 2, a new browser page (“tab”) is opened if possible So according to the value of new, you can either open page in same browser window or in new tab etc.
Assuming 7.5 or above (> Windows 2008 r2), the default log location for IIS is C:\inetpub\logs\LogFiles .
You may not be in the market for a 3, 4, or 5-star meal, but it's always there.
Beautiful hotel, lovely sunny room decor.
I developed the app on CyanogenMod and eveything was fine.
There's 2 ways you could solve this that don't require your application code to be aware of your container.
So there won't be a problem in using multiple directive in a single view if they are triggered according to data
After reading several rave reviews for the fish fry we decided to try this place.
This enables you to define methods that can access and modify the state of the object to which they belong.
You should use instead You can do: And in you can simply put: In Smarty you have 2 methods: - for displaying template - to fetch template into string and then do anything you want with it
It has more widespread mainstream acceptance and would be the easiest of the open-source database management systems to recruit skilled developers for.
Web system will able to use Google Analytics to have deep understanding about each individual customer like what product they view the most, how frequently they visit and etc.
Any words will be really appreciated!
I like to stop by if I'm heading over to Viet Thai or Musashi's and I've placed a to go order I am waiting on.
There's even a sterile-looking wall clock on one of the walls.
That value is whatever the capturing parentheses matched last ." In you example, matches .
Ullrich's has been around in one form or another for over 80 years and a couple of years ago they moved to their present location.\n\nUllrich's offers a full line of services including shoe and purse repair, desalt and waterproofing, and jacket and zipper repair.
How to run a infinite angular forEach loop in angularjs?
I walked around the corner to see a studly guy standing outside the back door smoking, and asked if they were open.
Regular expression to match wordpress like shortcodes, for both self closing and enclosed I am trying to get a regular expression pattern to implement a shortcode feature in Joomla CMS, using plugins, similar to WordPress.
I chatted with Vivian and she answered my quick question about dog fees in a timely manner.
With Salsaritas and now Chipolte near by, I stopped in to the Qdoba location just because it was convenient as I was going to another business in the same shopping center.
php is there a way to transfer Latin letters to english letters?
The tomato based sauce it was in, was easily some of the best I'd ever had.
Try their tum yum veggie soup!!!!
Hyperlink tag doesn't have a close tag , if you want to close it make it like this: Reference: Also, I recommend you separate design from content.
One of the few places to get nearly-fresh 'fast' food.
Since they had Inddor Sand Courts.
After restart nothing gets turn to the better.
The restaurant itself is small and maybe has seating at tables for about 30 people and the decorations are a little sparse.
As we dont pass any arguments in slector section...
In response to your update, I would try: which is how I've used it in the past.
but i honestly couldn't finish the last half.
Check each one to see if it contains the color.
There is no need to have an abstract class / interface for decorator.
The risotto would have made Gordon Ramsey proud.
It turns out that taking images from the phone that was from the phone's camera is a task that takes a while so I'm trying to make it as fast as possible so the user experience won't get slower.
\n\nThe service is always prompt and excellent.
need to know that how can i form excel-like layout table from normal table.
Something like also in most probability, expects a file.
The food was great.\n\nI cant justify 5 stars for this, as it is not high cuisine, and the decor, even for a greasy spoon, is pretty poor.
It's like they have no respect that we are there dining and they forget that we're the ones who tip.
You'll be much better using two separate statement: You intuition to 'simplify' into one single statement is leading you down the wrong path.
And I took a few items home with me.
I'm not sure how this happened but we cannot open the sheets in Excel 2010 only in Excel 2003 because of it.
I noticed that the sugar container said \""Sugar\"", and also \""Azucar\"" (Spanish), and...
Have you looked into doing resource allocation with Drools Planner instead?
Yoga studio with classes at 6:30pm 2x a week\n9.
That's lovely stuff, I had some, and it's like a tasty and the cream cheese frosting was amazing.
To keep it flexible you may use macrodef with nested element attribute for 1-n filesets, f.e.
Because of its location in the middle of Uptown, it's a great place to meet after work or before, say, a Bobcats game or concert/event downtown.
Very nice classic Pittsburgh neighborhood Italian.
I never encountered any lines at any of the bathrooms as they're really really big and are easily accessible.
A little old fashioned though but I think that's nothing to be bothered about if you just need a bed for a night.
One of the employees, Brian, was very helpful!
It comes with really tender chicken and is quite a mouth full to finish.
Just an old school kind of place that you'll have to check out.
\n\nI have always felt like we have received the best possible service here.
I'd definitely hit this place up for brunch again!
Beautiful place and Pittsburgh is soooo lucky to have it!
He...and the food...made my visit memorable.\n\nLet me first say that Richard had to have been one of the most professional, yet congenial, waiters/servers that I have encountered in a long time.
Taking care of byte-swapping and format conversions:
The fireplace and quiet room are cool additions to an already pretty neat space.
if it is changed, update current mouse location.
We ate here several times and everything was very good.
Ever since installing RVM, my manpages are broken.
Unfortunately, one of them isnt feasible and the other one doesnt exactly fit your criterions.
Others around the table enjoyed the chopped salad, tuna tartar, spicy tuna maki, and the calamari.
But why I cannot use ordinal representation.
The RadioButtonList is under a form, which references to CSS blocks via , when I remove the , it fixes the Radio button problem, but kills rest of the CSS.
Even when I did say "new" i was passing along the accounts inside of listAccts, so the arraylist would be new, but the accounts inside of the new array list would be the ones I wanted to have backups of.
With three values per pixel (R, G and B), that's 120,000 values that have to be incorporated into the fitness calculation for a single image.
The pesto had lots of flavor, with the pasta being soft and tender.
Set that field when "Delete" button is clicked Attach a StoryBoard.Completed event handler to the "fadeOut" storyboard, that removes the MyItem to be deleted from your collection, once the storyboard animation is done.
they also have a hip bar with couches and they open it up during the summer\nDuring certain holidays they have the chefs tasting menu which has 4 courses.
I can't stress how incredible the Big Burrito group is.
I'm going to be a regular for sure!
The food is great as well.
As I said, they don't do everything well so I would stay away from the Crab Rangoon and Lo Mein (I am not a fan of that dish anyway).
I don't really know anything about scallops so I ate them.
It wasn't a big deal and it was easy.\n\nI just think they should fix their outlet/charging problem and put in new charging stations and if it's true that you have to pay for your wifi now, then they should make it free again because it's ridiculous to pay for it when it's been free in the past.
I'm new to JSF and in the process of learning im building an online book store application.
If you 'amortize' this cost out over the lifetime of the vector, it turns out that if you increase the capacity by an exponential factor you end up with an amortized constant cost.
If there are posts that answer this that I may have missed, please point me to them, and feel free to mark mine as duplicate.
You need to have the executable bit set on the script:
She brings us over some decent bread, unfortunately not served warm.
So I solved it using the following code when setting up my SearchView: Note: This is all done with the android v7 support/AppCompat library There are two search drop down resources provided by the compatibility library, they are R.drawable.abc_search_dropdown_light (Light background) R.drawable.abc_search_dropdown_dark (Dark background)
Just listen on the event, then fire the play button for that ListItem:
So +1 star.\n\nSo that aside, as a fried chicken review, I give Hooter's Chicken 4 stars.
Tried out most of the menu and can't say I've had anything bad.
Chicken was very succulent, flavorful and fell right off the bone.
People were anxious to get their caffeine fix and I was anxious to try some of their coffee.
Yeah!\n\nI do love my meat, but found the vegan food here pretty good (albeit dry but I attribute that to my love of meaty things).
I get the exact same error.
(Turkish would have been \""seker\"", I learned later.)\n\nI know only one phrase in Hungarian, I said: \""Halv\u00e1ny fogalmam sincs\"".
Ok, now on to the food.
This uses the codename as a String
Also of course delete your and files.
ISerializable and DataContract Using WCF In Silverlight services, typically we want to use the DataContract and Datamember attributes to opt into what we want to have serialized.
A solution with the package: Produces
I tested above scenario with Postman, and it works properly.
After reading glowing reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport.
You can't go wrong, ordering that.
I wish to implement dictionary option in android webview text when webview is showing article from any online publication.
I don't think you really want to build your own operating system.
An acceptable alternative is the horseshoe burger (toast, cheese fries, burger).\n\n(Second note: Make sure you go to this location and not the one in downtown Champaign.
If so, does anyone have any advice as to what else I could try to get this working?
The espresso is incredible, which makes for an excellent cappuccino, and the food is pretty good, too.
The differences are mainly in the implementation, and the result is a logging Java stack trace when an allocation over a certain size is made (which should help you track down the culprit).
I know this is possible using ArcGIS SDK methods, but I do not know those languages and how I would go from JavaScript to those languages.
How can avoid people using my code for evil?
I solve it running as administrator cmd.
Hibernate if @NotFound, Insert into Database My client wrote the back-end for an application i'm building using PHP.
My favorite things to get are the Pho and the Green Curry (which is really spicy).
process_login Controller (it doesn't even have a closing tag to avoid whitespace) dashboard Controller I'm assuming the means the output started from Line 1 of that file?
rails retrieving button_to parameter in the controller I iterate over an array of CartItem class I created and populate a view file.
She was even giving me tips on my form.
I guess, at runtime, container method calls are just resolved in the private Empty class, which makes your code fail.
Edit: This is the formest part of my forms.py:
Seems there are mixed tabs and whitespaces in your file.
We were sat in the beautiful front covered patio area.
It's a little pricey, but the quality is there, so...
They gave us a 30-40 min time estimate, and were in my driveway no more than 20 minutes later!
The place is not good for an intimate setting, for that go to Lousianne's.\n\nBack to the thing about the drinks, the drink list is enourmous.
You can't add to because depends on the UI context.
We both ended up ordering burgers, I had the BBQ and it was bomb, delicious.
ARMA.predict for out-of sample forecast does not work with floating points?
I do think it's a bit overpriced.
The button click on this page creates the user in an unverified state in the db and redirects to the page where the profile is created.
There is plenty of room to wait and have a beer from the huge selection they have.
I was SERIOUSLY planning to third wheel it and she didn't mind (b/c in her mind it wasn't a date) ..
\n\nWe came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place.
c) Add System.Web.Extensions to your references d) You can convert your JSON to class like so: Where is your API output.
Or something like that.\n\nThe point is, the food here is really good.
I saw 'Blackbird' starring Mo'Nique, Isaiah Washington and Julian Walker at the Harris Theatre.
Yes, too many variables will blow the stack.
No need for ketchup for the burger or fries for sure.
Action : Remove references to LOBs in remote tables.
If you want an acess token to access an user data.
The problem is that the service don't use the transformResponse
\nNice staff, no issues, I dig it
Personally, I believe you cant get a better car wash than using the self service stations if you have the time and strength (your arms do get a little sore after!).
The perfectly balanced cappuccino -- skim milk, extra shot --warmed the cockles of my heart.\n\n$9.49 for an aromatic pound of Italian Blend espresso beans lovingly roasted on premise had my wallet -- and then our espresso machine -- singing \""O Sole Mio.\""\n\nNattily dressed coffologists -- sporting plaid button-fronts and page-boy caps -- ignited the same butterflies that drove my obsession with \""Newsies\"" in middle school.\n\nSo many reasons to love this little independent wonder.
Like Scorpion once intoned...\""Get over here!\""
CSS tables: changing background on hover, including alternative rows I have created a sample page with a table.
This is now a 3D matrix, where each 2D slice determines the initial points for each run of the algorithm.
The best breakfast restaurant I've been to around the Quail Commons area where I work.
Some BB places are worth the cost and some aren't.
i dont want to use windows authentication.
Because mapping an external URL to some internal URL / alias is not going to help you serve the file.
Should I be managing UTC offsets if I want models with a date-time stamp to display to the users local-time zone?
Save and load elements from webpage I have in my webpage a series of elements, for example videos or other media: I change with JavaScript the original status of these elements and I use Popcorn.js for create a synchronization events, for example: So now, my problem is that I want save these elements with their events.
I'm a huge cilantro fan and you can tell they make their salsa fresh (not out of the bottle).\n\nI had a chicken taco salad and was surprised at how big the lunch portion was.
Why would someone take that upon themselves?
This is something that you can do manually (configure your classpath and put needed jars in the classpath).
If you come at the right time, you'll be able to see the fresh ravioli being made right in front of you.
And suck on their succulent smoked chicken wings.
Installer for .NET 2.0 application for Windows 98 How can an automatic installer for .NET 2.0 application be created for Windows 98?
If not: comment will be submit else display a massage.
And onto those, the Baby Burgers were delectable as were the 'Britney Spears' (I swear that's the real name).
We've tried other places, but this place is easily the best for Chinese food anywhere in the area.
great beer choices that change frequently and we were pleasantly surprised by their sandwiches as well.
I'll stick to cutting my own bangs as always from now on, but I do recommend getting a trim here.
Form submitting to wrong url in php I am creating a simple registration form in html and submitting it via post method to register.php which is under a directory named controller.
We have an existing windows service and when that starts I want to spawn all of the RabbitMQ consumers.
BUT, the coconut macaroon was honestly thee best macaroon I had EVER had.
This can be done by having a copy of your string, and then get the substring after the last .
The brokered messages don't fit what I want becaus in my case it's irrelevant for the receiver if it is offline.
The colossal fish sandwich is pretty good.
Qualify the final line with the namespace of where the protocol was defined.
And yes, I do know that German chocolate was created in America by a man with the last name of German...STILL LOVE IT!!!
But, when I tried to write a unit-test for it, it was unclear what I should do.
After reading the reviews here, which are very mixed, I figured what the hell.
If we had more time and nicer weather, I wouldn't hesitate to make this garden a destination for a bit.
They didn't go out of there way.
Giant mound of mozzarella + only 4 thin slices of tomatoes seemed off somehow; still tasted great though.\nMy husband had Linguini alle Vongole- clams in a white sauce.
if you do not prefer to add this to individual controllers, you may simply create a base call which has Area decoration and inherit your other controllers from that.
The food is made from scratch on premises .
The hamburger crepe intrigued me on the menu, and I was suspicious of it, but I have learned to trust the excellent chef at Carmon's so I knew if it was on the menu, it must be good.
Nemicolin with there pork belly from foot print farm and grits was just amazing.
\n\nGet the cheese fries, they're some of the best in town.
I've tried reading several posts on Stack...
Second: concatenate the string, rather than issuing an echo statement each time, echo * 4000 can be quite slow.
\n\nTheir permanent exhibit is \""Cotton Fields to Skyscrapers\"" about the history of North Carolina and the way its changed from its beginnings.
I feel that when a place treats you right.
The servers are friendly and efficient, they know their menu.
I tried to search a lot but stuck there and couldnt get an implementation strategy.
Boy oh boy, was I wrong.
The answer may also lie in eval.points.
It would also be safe if the subprocess weren't finished, since you're completely replacing the value stored in with a new value (a new object reference).
Here is a sample in JS to match your require, another language should the same.
Edit : Since your database don't seems to support join, you can extract the result of your database in two distinct List and then join them using LINQ.
The wings were perfectly cooked and the glaze was really excellent.
They are always prompt and do a good job at taking care with your clothes.
The images are slices of a 3D object.
You should look into the UIAppearance proxy in iOS 5.
The first visit a friend and I split the spinach and feta omelet which was great and large enough for both of us, and a third friend had the salmon hash.
You need to pass your key in the HTTP Header.
I admit, however, that I may get some food to go next time if I can, as the old elevated and connected chairs and tables in here sounded like they wanted to break apart at any moment...maybe it's time to update them.
I made sure to store both lists in in my VM to make sure its not reprocessing the data or anything like that.
I stopped by the Pittsburgh Jiffy Lube on Baum today to get an oil change and tire rotation.
I implemented a version of this, so I'm also interested in alternative fitness functions, though I'm coming at it from the perspective of improving performance rather than aesthetics.
Always too full to eat dessert.
Service was very good..calzone was excellent.
The is important to disambiguate from a year-month such as being July of 2014.
This is the code i'm running when generating the context menu: This is the HTML using for the context menu
I tryed this but doesn't work: CSS: HTML: JAVASCRIPT:
In these Matrix every position has the value 0 or 1.
the stylist (Jesse) sat me down and assessed my hair, and told me her honest opinion about what she thought it needed and the best kind of cut for me.
:)\n\nI'm sure I'll be back within the week.
Considering my absolute love for sweets - and more specifically, ice cream - it just doesn't make sense that it took me nearly 6 years of living in Pittsburgh to go to Page Dairy Mart.
The disruptor is a single producer multi consumer disruptor.
But I don't goto a bar for food.
Stadium seating, comfy chairs, ample leg room and oversized cup holders.
How do i override the submission url when i place order in magento.
Sicilian themed with fresh ingredients in an intimate setting all prepared in an open kitchen.\n\nAsk before you order a special, or you might be stunned when you are handed the check.
After Nashville, this is one of my favorite airports.
Treat this.state as if it were immutable.
I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50.
I live in the South section of Pittsburgh, and I find that this gym is not too far from me.
To this end I would recommend reading TRULY understanding ViewState .
Adding/removing / doesn't change the value of the pointer/reference.
In .NET 4.0 they introduced the Task Parallel Library.
This is a little tedious but it will save you a lot of headaches.
I could say \""This is a tip top spot!\"" but that would be CHEESY and my New Year's resolution 23 years ago was to avoid such things.\n\nANYways.
For under $5, if I recall.\n\nHUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.\n\nI've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.\n\nCramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
On the command line, it's It sounds like you have no experience with Subversion.
I agree with the other reviewers that the parking lot can be a little crazy, but I live around here, and it's the norm.
Like this But CancelRendering is not working because it shows dialogSetting for the selected printer.
I don't know if the popcorn shrimp was, but the beef and noodles, fried chicken and mashed potatoes definitely were.
If you're speaking of HTML5 id, then the requirement is The value must be unique amongst all the IDs in the element’s home subtree and must contain at least one character.
My friends and I got some tables in the lounge area and it was the perfect setting for a quiet Saturday night catching up with friends.
Important: Three database tables are needed for this relationship: , , and .
Haven't been to any other football stadium in the country, but BofA Stadium is nice.
One of the big things that CDH4 brought to the table last year was HDFSv2, and they made MRv1 compatible with it.
I have tried the following but get a red line error under "image.SetSource(e.OriginalSource);" below?
It was a 30 minute wait for a table, and in that time we grabbed a drink at that bar.
Greg read me like a book and knew instantly what would look good on me.
The beef ribs were good but catfish was more on the fishy side.
Where as everything else seems to display the email.
They are thin, crepe-like a little on the greasy side (in a good way).
Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh, hopefully for longer than a few hours.
Is there even a way to change host which Android talks to?
I think you should set a UINavigationController to rootviewController , there will be a navigation bar.
The mutable array just alway returns (null).
source .zshrc) and you're ready to go.
We've had the roasted shrimp, the tasso and shrimp fettucine, the maple-cured duck, the steak, the seafood au gratin, and each time not only did we get one delicious meal, but enough to have an amazing lunch the next day.\n\nThe only con I can give Louisianne's is that they give you so much good food that you can never get to the desserts.
Full column references should be avoided at all costs.
Can run_loop use a different identifier for resigning DeviceAgent-Runner.app Setup: Xcode 8 OSX El Capitan (10.11.6) Physical iPhone6 (iOS 9.1) calabash-cucumber 0.20.3 Run_loop 2.2.2 First I tried to start the calabash console on the physical phone, but because it didn't have the DeviceAgent-Runner.app app it tried to install it.
Somewhere within Oracle there may be something that is actually unwrapping a view.
\n\nThe check comes in a tray with candy coated fennel seeds.
Finally, we finished up with a spin around the Art Museum itself.
When using soapUI, the SOAP messages coming to and from the service look fine, but when using a web service client, I'm getting null in the client-side stubs.
Here's my main html: Now, the NavBarController is something like: The initialization of angular is like: login.html is just a typical login password page, that triggers the MembershipController Authenticate() function.
The decor is beautiful, and the service was quick and easy.
After, for all of the points for each group, you update the centroids , which actually is defined as the representative point for each group.
cassandra error after yum update Running CentOS 7.2, I did a yum update, and now I get errors when running cassandra.
The staff are fantastic as well.
volley library Image upload using multipart Note: I have also tested your tutorial.code are ok.
This is a great comic shop.
Its coming slightly some where on the top portion of the icon.
The python script that I wrote to do the above is as follows: The above given script, instead of returning the capture(list of lower case characters), returns all the text blocks that meets the regular expression criteria, like Can somebody tell me what exactly I am doing wrong here?
I can't wait to go when I get home again.\n\nThe wait staff is really friendly and you can watch them make crepes too!
Luckily the warehouse we were destined for was by Slices' (Slice's/Slices).
Within a couple blocks of restaurants and bars.
Both were slightly overcooked: the burger arrived more medium rare than the requested rare, and on the carnitas the yolk of one fried egg was deliciously soft, while the other was just a bit too set.
You can get the size in bytes of your array using: .
I just graduated from CMU and the thing that I miss most about Pittsburgh is Pho Minh.
Sushi has always been fresh and perfectly presented.
I was looking for a place to kill a few hours in Uptown, and Brixx fit the bill perfectly.
Now rebuild the solution, close and re-open the UnitTest explorer and you should be able to run those tests.
That said, the specials on Tuesday and Wednesday offer a pretty good value ($5 for 1/2 lb burger + fries).\n\nWhat could really improve this place is better music.
It's definitely not a place to go to see and be seen, which suits me just fine.
The tempura appetizer(notably no onion rings) was about 7-8 small vegetables, which I consider to be small.
The three year old wondered off the path once or twice when my attention was elsewhere, and the staff gave him a gentle warning without making me feel like a bad parent for not having my eyes glued to him every second.
One dish goes a LONG way.\n\nThe nan is a little eh.
Average diner food but good menu options and above average atmosphere.
Does an acronym count as one word?
Th food tastes great and the service is descent.
MSBuild (which VS uses to do builds, from 2005/.NET2) supports parallel builds.
The ORM is meant to handle the hard work of translating these operations into SQL for you.
The fish was thick, meaty, and perfectly flavored.
Can i use it for my data type.
Hopefully i'll find a tutorial or someone's suggestion for the solution.
The timeout suggested above worked around the issue on Chrome.
The application identifier of an app "looks something like an Internet domain name in reverse, such as 'com.apple.textedit'." &rarr; reference If you used Xcode to create your Applescript application you can set the Application Bundle Identifier as part of the application setup wizard or in the Application Target properties.
Not every diner does it right, but this one does.
Not sure how we ended up with 10 or more solutions to something that should be a core need for any real application, but the sheer number and constant flux (no pun intended) of the solutions out there make it seems like a nearly impossible task to zero in on anything in any timely manner.
The main link for it is 404, but I was able to find the mercurial repository at the link above, and it's last activity was in 2008.
I wrote this code to check the SqlType of the index in question The results of this check are: Why would Odbc's GetSqlType be reporting this as a CHAR but then using internalGetDate to try and parse the data?
It is running the 2nd IF and echo'ing the date to the log but is not echoing the Test to the log.
Ate here (in there parking lot) Sunday night!\n\nI'm almost sure the Cheese they use is 100% Mozzarella (instead of a blend) I am a Fan of this Pizza with EASE!
You don't want transactional databases growing beyond their necessary means.
I had the fried whiting, home fries and coleslaw.
I have a directroy where I have several pictures and gif animations.
It's a spacious establishments with lots of TVs and even a huge (I'd say 10 ft or bigger) projection TV for the big games.\n\nIn addition to the games on the TVs and twice-weekly free poker, there is also an electronic darts board and a \""shuffleboard\"" game.
I'm using Chrome with to simulate, if that makes any difference.
Went again this past weekend and it's official- I'm in love!
EVERYTHING you need, or could possibly ever think of needing is there in the shop, in multiples.
this would probably do the trick
4) According to QT5.2 API document,QAndroidJniObject provides a method named "callObjectMethod": But when I use it as following, the IDE prompts me the parameter are incorrect,why?
If you want to pad the shorter iterables to the length of the longest, use (which takes an optional parameter to use as the fill value).
The frico is large and rich enough that it's really enough for two people, but the appetizers are yummy, so everyone might as well get their own and bring home whatever they can't finish.
Fire base REST is some thing that looks fits our requirement.
I would like a pipeline of work to be done as different operations is performed on each document.
Other apps like Uber has its own SDK How can I achieve it?
Also, I think the reason you are getting 0 for your command is that you have set the precision too low to represent the result.
Make whole as link with proper HTML I know this has been up a lot of times before, but I couldn't find any solution in my specific case.
The staff there are always very nice.
I found a solution that works, though I admit I am not sure exactly how it works.
A little stuck I have some UTF-16 encoded characters in their surrogate pair form.
Just make sure to bring cash - they don't take credit.
I went on a tour of several breweries last summer and Capital Brewery was one of my favorites.
Now that the weather is nice, check out the botanical gardens afterwards, since it's close to this restaurant.
I desperately needed some lunch and came on this gem.
My wife and I stayed here one night because our air conditioner stopped working.
The employees are so friendly, and they are happy to give samples.
On a side note: Would you recommend the twitter streaming or the get API?
This place is BYOB, so bring your favorite adult bevie and enjoy.
I actually enjoy the place, other than the fact that it takes a while to work through the dinner (and the fact that I have to pay, and I can't figure out how I can get in on it).
The staff is kind and really personable, they are good with the dogs and understand that every dog has different needs.
Second time here, first time non-catering menu.
The main difference is that it's not going to include the version number (so can update browser-sync without breaking your snippet) and it's using a convention for the port number to be one above what IISExpress is serving.
Can it be a bug in the API ?
Some sample code from the form itself -
The tomato NEEDS to be very ripe and acidic and I was initially disappointed when I saw just regular beef steak tomato's in the dish.
I have a simple program uses ForkJoin to accelerate QuickSort, but I found that the sort algorithm uses standard partition method is much faster than the one uses my partition methd.
says, the Dinosaurs in their time was really worth it!
\n\nI also had my hair cut and colored here, and it turned out stellar.
View should never be aware of a Model.
not entering the condition if(intent.resolve(getPackageManager()){} neither else{} Hey I want my app to locate someone on a map so I made an intent but it's not working and I've no error so I'm a bit lost.
I am still not sure why that would cause a NoClassDefFoundError on that Dagger generated class.
Yes it's better to use a dedicated server.
Yes, you may use inner_product (dot product) to take the result in very simple way.
Only when I click the button(div).
Edit: Starting with binutils 2.19, the included gold linker supposedly also supports ICF, though I have been unable to verify it on my local Ubuntu 12.10 install.
Add in the wait time for a table, the sauces shtick, and presentation of the check and my head's about to explode.
What does a Connection Timeout mean in the context of a select() call I've noticed that sometimes select returns with Connection Timed out set on errno, but I dont know why it would do this, how would it know?
This should be changed to an if statement.
You can do You can see more documentation at removes th verbose IDREF fields, but this will be in Teiid 8.9
i think i read somewhere that it is more difficult to add table rows to an existing table.
For reference, here's the script we use to generate releases in Teamcity.
Not sure how to do this in WP.
They do outstanding work and are super honest.
notifications/index has , which contains: which shows: This is problematic because it should say 3x ".com commented on your habit" and 2x ".com commented on your value" .
If keys, values and items views are iterated over with no intervening modifications to the dictionary, the order of items will directly correspond.
Within walking distance of Charlotte's great bars & restaurants.
This is the button that I am targeting: This is what I've got so far: I encountered 2 problems.
\n\nThe service can be *very* slow, but the latte is worth the wait.
Any suggestions as to the best way to do this?
The mechanics kept me informed as they were working on my car, gave me the estimate, gave me their opinion, and answered all my questions.
But I have observed the following.
This class runs without errors for valid data.
You can make JsonString to NSDicitonary.
And you just have to use pseudo-class for the mouseover .
You basically have to write wrappers to do server requests to get a polyline between two locations and then you add it to the map.
In partcular the DTO , TO , DAO , UI , GUI , VO and DO suffix are very common and widespread.
Decor is something to be desired but the view and food more than makes up for it.
We have tried several things on our end: 1.
There's no need to spend over $3 per beer.
I live in NYC and I try to make it back to Charlotte as often as possible to get my hair done here!
The vibe was bustling but relaxed for the guests.
The bill ( which I didn't see fortunately, thanks bro!) must have been quite high but it was well worth it.
The texture was meatier than we expected - I think we anticipated the rubbery, chewiness of calamari.
Can't get Map/Reduce to work with MongoDB I've got this code: But get this error when testing: Array ( [assertion] => map invoke failed: JS Error: TypeError: this.timestamp.getFullYear is not a function nofile_b:0 [assertionCode] => 9014 [errmsg] => db assertion failure [ok] => 0 ) Cron run finished.
This may be a pretty simple answer but it really depends on how you structure your data.
I had a great experience here.
Everything was clean, heat/air worked well, and the surroundings were quiet.
I don't know what the regular floors are like, but if you can swing it, definitely stay at the Highland Club!
The code works fine for me, too.
Thanks for the tip as always.
It took us a while to browse the shelves as there was so much to look over.
Excellent Pad Thai, and their house soups are pretty great too!
You might have trouble with the resetting of the value, so keep an eye open for alternative solutions.
Confirm before leave directive This directive uses SweetAlert just as replacement of confirm() js function.
so maybe they'll bring it back at some point.
\n\nIt's easy to find your way around, and staff here were all friendly.
I do understand its looking for that same values but I don't need them.
I tried to change precision like this: But I get syntax error, so I'm clearly doing something wrong.
But if I commented the OutputStream such as The count will return the right value (>-1).
Even the restaurants were a step up from what you would usually expect from an airport.\n\nThey should change the name to:\nCharlotte-Douglas MALL / International Airport \n\n:p
Seems like it would be perfect if you're looking for a romantic place to impress a date.
Old Country Buffet is above average as far as American buffets go.
Android only takes "?" as "arguments", not as "selection" Or better use this method In your case it would be like this:
This place has been an institution for my family, and I really love it here.
It's hard to tell without the complete stacktrace (please?), but I would guess that IN doesn't like being passed entities rather than keys.
Also note that there are no GC references to structs expect (I think) in some circumstances.
I also switched out the fries for the house potatoes, which were also very good!\n\nMy boyfriend decided to go with breakfast and had the Huevos Rancheros, he loved it and said he would definitely get it again.
Now, where did I put my blue eyeshadow?
You can find coupons in mail or on the net.
Anyways, they always fill out a card with the products that they used if you're interested in purchasing them for yourself and offer you water when you leave.
Now is a method that looks like this Now, the method will return a hash something like , now you are passing this hash as a parameter to method.
My husband Rick likes his food a little spicier.
you can use which will apply each column with provided function, in this case counting missing value.
Sample jBPM Screenshot: Also Activiti is another good choice.
Plus as I stated in my comment; You don't need this for two reasons.
When trying to insert a row from workbench, it fails (since i do not provide or ).
but i also need to get value of a variable from form3 to form1.
To test, start cmd.exe from C:\Windows\SysWOW64 , and run the reg command and it will fail.
If you plan on running this program, please use 2 the amount of classes you want to take, and use 0 and 1 for the index on the class choice.
I usually have to connect here and it's not too bad.
Firm, not too greasy, and the sauce is really well balanced.
To avoid the activity from loading you need to remove its declaration the .
The meat had a ton of flavor and it was grilled perfectly.
My pecan pie was delicious as well - it came with an ice cream that tasted of bourbon.
Also although I try not to go to businesses on Sundays it was great to be able to surprise my mom with a cup of joe before church the last time I was in town.
Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal.
\n\nI hate hearing my neighbors, though.
here is what I found: .
try their appetizer of steamed mussels and their excellent bread pudding (huge portion).
Refrigerator, microwave, plenty of storage space, pull out couch (bed), and continental breakfast with SAUSAGE and waffles.
This of course is completely discouraged, but just for the sake of discussion it seems that since angular is enclosed in a closure, maybe a simple rename would work, and then you would use the renamed angular.
Therefore, in your code above, holds the actual workspace object.
One of the best in Charlotte.
Constructor taking classes to register refreshes context internally - try to set class and refresh manually after setting parent context.
The rooms are all full of dark furniture, paintings, and dark wood.
I suggest you append each substring to a or even to a , and pop whatever you don't need out of your data structure.
This does not happen if I add the button using handler.
The error you are getting acoording to the log is a problem concerning ClassPaths.
And after I want to have the possibility to load (in the my webpage) this elements for continue to change them again.
The inside of the restaurant is quaint with a sushi bar on one side where you can watch Mr.
I too faced same error today in my website where i use TCPDF Library to generate PDFs.
If you want a specific format, I suggest you explicitly request it.
Tim is a phenomenal mechanic, who is as honest as they come, charges amazingly low prices, and - Morten H.
Save room for dessert too!\nWe are visiting Charlotte and on the hunt for lunch downtown, yelpers you are the Best.
How to get all products with their associated tags without excluding products that have no tags?
If you and your kids love science and nature museums, this is Charlotte's finest.
Take your pick - they're all good.\n\nThis restaurant has actually moved, and is no longer located on University Ave.
To find the absolute path to the files I was using: It seemed to be working, but I found that this is actually returning a path relative to the 'current directory'.
I wish this place was in DC, we would be here all the time.
The fries cost more to get as a side.
The three choices were penne with onions, sausage, and tomato ragu (the least favorite), Homemae fettucine aglio e olio with tomatoes and butternut squash (delicious and very fresh tasting for the fall), and homemade mushroom ravioli in a thyme butter sauce (the best selection by far and completely delicious)\nDessert table (good selections with standouts being the tiramisu and the chocolate torte)\n\nOverall this was a great brunch experience for the price as well as the selections.
Plus, who can resist a cheap, filling hot dog?\n\nHm..
The reason was that nginx's temp dir had a permission problem.
The interval should be in milliseconds, so your 0.1 should probably be 100 (for 1/10th second), and the calls in and might have out of scope, check these with a to make sure they are clearing as expected.
It only does so after manually refreshing the navigation pane (F5) or after closing and reopening the access file.
I'm kind of glad they don't have these up North because I would probably give myself a coronary by eating there way too often.
I was very happy that Pittsburgh has a decent hand car wash place and good detailing.
While we were sitting at the bar waiting for our table the gave us two complimentary appetizers.
The dessert selection looked delicious, but we were beyond stuffed so will have to savor them on a future visit.
I need to make the pink grid 100% width.
New fields in the ctype --> no problem Changed views in the page-lib --> no problem Updated PageLayout --> ERROR The page-layout section: The relevant section in the onet.xml: The strange thing is, if I just have a page-layout with no underlying page-library I can update the page-ayout.
No one has reviewed this little gem n a while, so I thought I would.
If you're really intending to try this as a software development estimation method, my advice is to simplify the process rather than make it more complex.
It probably didn't compile right, hence the module not listed.
You have the beer cave with hundreds of different types of cold beers for carry out, or you can build your own six pack from the unchilled beers and chill them on the spot.
Assuming the strings are all in column A: As you will only want to split where there are 2 or more characters, just to start you off.
I creepily eat here probably once every two weeks.
Corresponding code for tab widget and pyqtgraph is as follows.
Still, in code you can connect to everything.
They look better than they taste.
However, you have a flag there.
I want to do the same thing using python, how to do it?
When you take the solution live, buy a certificate and associate with your domain(be exact - wildcard or root certificate) and the warning will go away, and a beatiful lock will come to show the world how safe your site is.
\n\nI love going here on a whim.
However, I need to create a View where I accept input from 28 various things.
This usually puts me in a food coma but makes me feel fantastic especially after waking up a little hungover or still drunk from the night before.\n\nOh.
To help you with the exact code, we would need to see your HTML and a more complete description of exactly what you're trying to add to it.
To verify this start your browser with .
Too bad for everyone else, because this is a great place to have lunch.
This map itself uses a mutex to protect multi-threaded access to it.
How to add custom app icon on Android in Phonegap?
Street parking around the neighborhood shouldn't be too hard to find too.
Unfortunately, when trying to load the website I keep getting the error: Server Error 401 - Unauthorized: Access is denied due to invalid credentials.
What I'd like to do is check if within ANY 24 hour time period there has been more than X invalid attempts by the same user.
Clicking back for forward will animate the li by their width making the next or previous visible..
They do everything right at Players!
What i want it to to do is send it to the folder /var/www/bad_url.
They once made an error with one of my online orders and they resolved it which I appreciated.
\n\nOur first time here - friends had recommended it- and we'll DEFINITELY be back!
Except, really, the best service would have been if there had been no error to begin with.\n\nThroughout, everyone we met was very gracious, personable, and eager to please.
everything i've eaten here has been wonderful.
Sicilian Cuts and Cheese Fries are my go to every time I dine here!
And it will cause them to have a vtable.
The problem is that many result sets are generated, and this presents problems since I will have to manually export them one by one.
I wanted to grab Beachwood Farms (Carolina BBQ, fast-food-service-style), but they were closed and cleaning up at 8:30.
They take time to explain what's going on without being condescending.
You need to use a delegated handler as the input doesn't have class at the time the handler is applied.
Sometimes the element you are trying to find is loading, s0 will throw an exception using Therefore we would need do what Dejan Veternik has recommended, it will help wait until the ELEMENT has been loaded in the webpage, I am passing Selenium and extracting webdriver, this is helpful incase you are using WebDriverBackedSelenium just like me ...
For me, the portion sizes were about average.
I have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff).
I was traveling alone and sometimes (in other hotels) not treated as well b/c of that.
The place was largely empty, and spotless.
You've escaped the for boost, but you need to escape the escape char for the compiler as well.
I'm having a rough go learning how to use power tools and drill ish into drywall, but a great time going to ACE and learning what I did wrong and buying the appropriate things to remedy the problem and try again.
The palak paneer (creamed spinach and cheese) was quite spicy and the mougali was very similar to tikka masala.
An explicit virtual key code such as {vkFF} may also be specified.
If the source value can be exactly represented in the destination type, the result of the conversion is that exact representation.
I wish they would bring it back.
However, deletion is a problem because their are no relationships.
In fact, the x264 encoder provides parallel encoding ability.
If you are nice to your users, they will be nice to you too.
", You just need to detect swipe not the direction so combining right-left as one and up-down as other gesture will work.
I also use prettyphoto as a lightbox clone for both images and videos.
Example: But in practice these variables do not follow the "natural alignment" rules, a 16 byte variable was residing at a memory address that ended in 0xC.
People go hungry in this city every night and that's a crime.\n\nThe mild buffalo wings are more like medium buffalo wings and are excellent, as are the orange ginger wings.
\n\nIn addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets, this location also has an optical department.
What's the best, most convenient, and most Apple-permitted way of streaming video from the iPhone's camera to a server on the Internet (or local network)?
try adding the following to your .htaccess file in the root of your domain
Accessing Output From C# Code I am running this code in C# in VS2013 which I got from here: The code is supposed to gather data from my TD Ameritrade 401k account.
Javascript call a c function at the server side Is there a way i can call c functions from JavaScript at server side .
Is there a mismatch between spring version &amp; spring-mongodb version?
The subtlety you miss is that the standard input and positional parameters are not the same thing.
Unfortunately, the right hand scale doesn't contract since it needs to make room for the points.
Furthermore, the comparison to needs some luck to be hit.
Another approach might be to minimize the main application which will keep it out of the way.
will return the number of characters printed.
If no UILabels are spawned everything plays as it should.
Important point: always call function on super when you reimplement.
Animate image icon from touch place to right-top corner?
I have the following rails app, modelling ants and ant hills (inspired by Jozef).
This place is really not that shabby at all.
i was following ryan bates screencast on delayed_job and got the same error 'uninitialized constant Delayed::Job'.
I'm so glad they came back after the fire, better than ever.
I made SVG log out icon from exit-to-app icon .
Room also featured a small refrigerator and a work desk.\n\nAll in all a comfy spot to spend the night.
When I commit, given an entity type, I need to look-up the repository based on the entity type, and then call the appropriate action.
Served with pita bread, it was good but there are better things on the menu.
Eggs Benedict meal was one of the best ones I have had in a long time!
Is it any way to implement a linked list with indexed access too?
Books, cards, toys, jewelry, knick knacks and - ornaments.
There are tons of vendors - I think there is even a restaurant in the arena itself (I need to check up on that).\n\nSupport your Bobcats!
One gripe - salad mix, it's 4.99 a bag!
I was wondering how to fix this, my method is displayed below.
They went out of their way to describe the history and intricacies of each work of art.
No, an iPhone application can only change stuff within its own little sandbox.
\n\nWhile I swim in many pools, the HFFA 50 meter pool tends to be one of the cooler (temp wise) practice pools in the Charlotte area.
I like that and recommend everyone to head there.
Example If Proc1 calls Proc2 but specifies an invalid parameter name for Proc2.
An Activity can only be created by calling or from another activity with an intent.
It's the perfect place to unwind after work, hang out with friends, and get some great beer.
To normalize a vector means to change it so that it points in the same direction (think of that line from the origin) but its length is one.
Make sure you have an event 'richTextBox1_MouseHover' wired to the hover of your Rich Text Box.
Mon Ami Chocolat has slowly won me over as a fan.
I told him if they would sell it to me for X amount (essentially the invoice price), that I'd bite.
I do expect that you are using the correct host on your side.
So no worry, the code has perfectly well defined behavior.
I have never had a slice of pizza put in front of me with so much cold cheese piled on it before.
The most delicious was the Eel and cucumber roll.
I'll remember that next time.\n\nHusband got the black and bleu burger, which he reported was good except the bun was too small.
Following is my ibatis-context.xml When i execute first query, it returns me the ResultSet.
Derrick is suggesting that after the dropdownlist is bound, then go through and disable the separators.
So, Primati Bros is a must on my Pittsburgh trip.
You would probably want to use a PHP syntax file such as: FWIW: Personally I am enjoying learning vim at the moment but still prefer netbeans for PHP development because it has many features that I need, such as automatic scp to a remote server and remote debugging with XDebug.
However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time.
Despite the fancy name, it's a rather typical salad with balsamic, greens and some typical veggies.
I can't see why this is happening, it's doing exactly the same thing?
easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.
You need to install it like that: or for CentOS.
I really liked the event space layout and the staff was phenomenal.
The chicken satay appetizer is juicy and I love the slaw and peanut sauce it comes with.
You should not be implementing this interface at all , so whether the implementation goes in a base class or whatever is completely beside the point.
\n\nDefinitely order delivery from them because the mezzanine level place is hard to get to and you have to get buzzed into the building.
The teriyaki chicken sandwich is average (a little too heavy on the teriyaki), but the bacon cheeseburger on Friday is excellent.
You need to pass a javascript element.
I really wish we had one of the BIG Fresh Markets!\n\nThe prices can be a little steep on the produce but you know you are getting a really good selection.
Aside from filesystem bugs, it could be caused by a non-ascii chararacter that got through somehow.
is the relationship faulty or what is missing?
Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!
\n\nThe wings are delicious and I wish I could say my favorite buffalo chicken sandwich was also still a delight but the last time I had it, somebody messed with the recipe and not in a good way.
You say \""weirdo\"" and I say \""renaissance chick\"".
The HTML5 spec, Section 8.2.4.35 - 'Attribute name state' says: When the user agent leaves the attribute name state (and before emitting the tag token, if appropriate), the complete attribute's name must be compared to the other attributes on the same token; if there is already an attribute on the token with the exact same name, then this is a parse error and the new attribute must be removed from the token.
We stayed 2 nights and had a very good stay.
So I popped over to see what they had to offer, I was very pleasantly surprised.
After exploration, I came across fnServerData Ajax Calling options.
It doesn't work if I try to set up the menubar in the MainWindow initialization but does work if I set it up in some external function.
So now you wont really need to track anything different in Analytics!
Orginal file: process all of these part1,part2,part3 then concatenate to a big file.
This is because the size of the pointer is known and is specific to the target architecture (e.g.
I want to implement this function in my app using CitrusPay SDK.
also excellent.\nA pleasant surprise was the house salad.
I guarantee, even if you're not an 80's aficionado you will find one song to love.
If the zucchinis at Market District looked a little weak, give Whole Foods a try.
When sending the packet, what are the pros/cons of the two following options; or And how do I rebuild the payload at the recv.
Android app integrating Spreadsheets API My app accesses a spreadsheet from a user account, previously authenticad via the Google Plus Sign in button, all appropriate scopes and credentials have been selected in the Google API console, and I have a logged in GoogleApiClient with which I can access the user profile information.
Especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe.
If it succeeds, well then the user can use your app :) The trick is to use firebase rules to restrict possible changes.
Everything else was great including the amazing white bean appetizer with olive oil and fresh bread.
The gyro bread is toasted, but still soft and it is loaded with meat like your grandma would try to feed you.
That means that lets say calling malloc over and over again did happen to return something non-NULL, due to Linux's "optimistic" strategy, a non-NULL still doesn't guarantee you got anything that will work.
We did takeout from here and both thought our dinners were awesome.
Same approach applies to paths on the filesystem ( System32 vs SysWOW64 under C:\Windows ).
We also created several testcases where we were using several different swf files and a stripped down appcache manifest, but couldn't get it to work inside IE 11 (Windows 8.1).
I LOOOVE their pan fried flat noodle YUM YUM YUM, they didn't have a veggie option listed and I asked if I could have it with fried tofu, and BAM, it was done!
Take it.\n\nSoba is a beautiful restaurant and lives up to the Big restaurant group expectations of unique flavors.
She was from Germany and was extremely knowlegable about German food and culture.
jboss application server newbie question I am starting to learn JBoss.
Had to walk to Buffalo Wild Wings
Moms & dads be aware that the few individual family locker rooms fill up very quickly when swim school is in session.
Either way, we are definitely going to go back here, it was excellent, even down to the ambiance and service.
The service is very friendly, always willing to help you make up your mind about menu choices.
All pets are spayed/neutered, vaccinated, and receive a microchip.
I use it to hide the second process.
(Corollary: prefer to unless you have to use ).
A really great place to bring a bunch of guys or girls and celebrate a fun decade.
There is soo much to see that it's a little overwhelming.
There are no inexpensive wines by glass but the wbg they do offer is very good.
There are about 300 varieties on hand to choose from and the servers can help guide you through the list.
They even offer no sugar added and lactose-free options as well as flavored whipped cream.
C# doesn't support covariant return types.
You are calling k -means in the default way, which automatically determines which initial points the algorithm will choose from.
I had dinner here last night for the first time.
Amazing selection of product, and very knowledgable staff.
I have the below functions for sorting A map is defined as follows After the map gets filled with values,sorting of the map by values is done as below The problem is that the result is not sorted.Can anyone tell me what the problem is.
Once you walk inside it is like walking into someone's garage that you just want to rummage through.
Some description and a crude example can be found in the How To Create Hierarchical Recordsets Programmatically Support article.
Easily the best TB in Madison (though with State St and University/Segoe closed, it's not much of a competition).
Unfortunately if it is an angle based issue your only chance to get it running is either fiddling around until its converted correctly or file a bug on the angle project page.
\nThe staff was friendly and helpful from the valet to the check in to the food service.
I have created my custom form field for a module.However, it work will but when ever i get back to the module i don't know what is the previous value or the saved value, because i didn't make it selected there.
I was nervous I wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times.
If you uninstall packages, then you run the risk of removing things that were already there, but happened to be upgraded.
Thick and creamy, with tons of great egg flavor.
They even host music festivals there which is fantastic.
I have some sample service that implements LocationListener now i want to get the lat/lng every time the location has been changed from that service that listens when location has been changed .
You are attaching additional event handlers every time you call .
This is not complied solution, but I hope it help You...
On Linux, at least certain versions, and some other time fields in are inside and contain proper timestamps with full nanosecond precision.
Pittsburgh is unusually lacking any good Asian grocers.
Let me just tell you, I have really, really difficult hair.
I am unclear the use of AT+CGDCONT command.
I don't listen to anything else.
Seems simple enough yet I've been toying with this for hours to no avail.
All encryption methods have to "announce" themselves so the server knows how to interpret them.
\n\nThe next morning I really was craving a croissant and a beverage.
( you curly girls know what I am talking about).
Is there any better way in terms of performance to achieve this?
If one player (eg, A) cannot see another player (eg.
I want to pass the 'y' variable to okayid but there seems to be a problem with the looping.
For those not in the know - rouladen is like a rolled up burger with bacon and pickles.
\n\nThe taste was perfect - spicy, smooth, crunchy, warm.
When cant a object be added to an object Trying to add a value to a object.
\n\nJust had some coffee, and a modest plate of over-easy eggs with rye bread--but the eggs were cooked perfectly and the coffee great.
Duplicating several UI components in App Inventor 2 Is there any way to duplicate several UI components in App Inventor 2 ?
Thankfully, my experience with Courtyard Pittsburgh Shadyside was the former.\n\nMy first reaction was, \""Wow, this room is huge.\"" For $179 a night (part of a wedding room block, so unsure if this is discounted or not), we got a queen bed with a nice sized living area (couch, chair, coffee table, desk, etc.), and a balcony overlooking the city.
Try to have all DBus traffic come into a single proxy at a single point in your application/process, rather than having them spread throughout your application/process.
Note that if you are working with an array of Objects, they are already passed by reference.
\n\nAmazing place with so many cool rooms to check out.
It's complaining that the copy constructor you declared requires a non-const argument, and the argument it's being given is const.
Highway access is convenient and it is close enough to bars and restaurants.\n\nThe gym is adequate and the equipment is better than most hotels, including tv screen so bring ear plugs if you want to listen.
The breakfast has been improved since the last time.
The Benedum is a fantastic facility for the arts and a true asset to the Pittsburgh region.
Is it viable to just export and B's allocator?
You set the in the xml attribute which will invoke your method, and you again in your , so the first time you click the imageView, the will not be invoked.
Nice warm cookies at check-in, or if you just ask for one.
I don't even eat meat, but I tried S.'s pork entree and it was A M A Z I N G.
I'm curious if there would be a way to configure zsh to do something similar with file names, automatically open files with vim if I type only a file name?
I come here to play poker and spend time with my poker buddies a couple of nights a week.
You can use ObjectFactory.EjectAllInstancesOf() for example.
I had a giant slice of apple pie with ice cream.
I can retrieve the desired search results from Google Shopping just fine: My problem is that I have the data sitting in a string, how do I extract the two values (title,brand) in order to use them elsewhere in the program?
OPH is the ONLY place I can depend on to serve a delicious and satisfying breakfast.
Is it possible to dynamically change the canvas size to fill the screen, redraw it and ensure that the collision logic works perfectly without blurry drawing on top?
Hands down, one of my favorite places.
How to get list of div's with similar class name?
I want to do comparison with (Independently).
It can be considered as .
The room was very clean and comfortable - you basically get your own apartment, which makes for a very relaxing stay.
This is answered (with examples) in the .
I don't know what I am doing wrong....
Can you supply a dropbox link to one of the images so I can see what you mean?
And yet, i left part of my stomach in pittsburgh.
You have to wrap the call to in a try/except block and log the error for convenience.
The code referenced from the linked blog post extends the current Date class to support ISO 8601.
In fact, your assignment in the loop you've shown isn't overwriting the previous value at all.
How sweet is that?\n\nMy only complaint is that we went just after 5 and it was so dark in the restaurant I could hardly see the menu.
\n\nAs soon you walk in the door, you're comforted by the fact that it's just a cozy little basement restaurant!
I mean, what kind of place is dead empty of all wait staff, bartenders, or any person who worked there for that long during the lunch rush?
\nNice dining area and great food choices!\n\nStaff is very nice and as far as i relember, there are only a few airport who have restroom attendants.
I'm sure there are people that would disagree.
The IBAction can create an instance of the New Person VC.
You'll need some kind of getter
They sometimes hand out samples of their milkshakes while you wait in line which is a nice gesture while you wait.
We chose the duck pancakes, which are prepared table side, which I loved!
This will make the layout pass ignore the child view that is currently hidden.
First day he build houses for 10 coins day 0: buildpath{house}; coins 15 -> bought house -10 coins day 1: buildpath{house, empty}; coins 5 -> no coins to buy anything day 2: buildpath{house, empty, house}; coins 10 -> player can buy house, street or cycletrack now for the next possible buildpath we start at day 2 where could also have bougth the street or the cycletrack and had 10 coins but GameStats which holds the coins is now by 15coins.
You can top off right outside the airport and save the aggravation of wondering what to do.\n\nI have rented a lot of cars from a lot of companies and places and I always expect this to be a good experience and so far (after many at bats) Enterprise CLT is batting close to 1000.
Everything I've had there has been delicious, but where they excel is their barbecued fried chicken.
This is not helpful for our case example, so instead we could use something like this:
So with -O3 and -DNDEBUG I get comparable performance to std::list
how to find identical columns in different tables I have two tables each with multiple columns.
The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but once inside, they have a ton of memorabilia around.
Look into jQuery as it makes ajax requests easy
Not too formal but definitely not a take-out joint.\n\nWe got a cup of the Hot and Sour soup.
or should i store them in 1 field only as date type?
As I haven't found a clean solution now, I am interessted in how others solved this problem.
I had to take home about 1/3 of my meal.
If necessary, a computed column could tell you the "Type" of item that this is linked to, based on which FK column is non-null, or the type and a single int column could be real columns, and InvoiceID, ABCID, etc could be computed columns.
Return blank cell only if referred cell is blank, but return aging if date is entered I'm attempting an aging formula.
andy's daily specials & inventive use of random sushi components (like mango & mint).\n6.
Even though I really enjoyed my pasta, I actually thought that my girlfriends meal tasted better.
Dinner from the menu is leaps and bounds better than the buffet at lunch.
I also concatenated the "$to" variable to the body of the message and it displayed correctly from within the email body.
Husband I had trouble cutting ourselves off at half and switching plates, but were both rewarded tenfold for doing so.
I recommend asking for vanilla with hot fudge and marshmallow sauce with graham crackers for a S'mores sundae.
No man, you're staying at a Best Western in Wisconsin.\n\nAnd the wifi is free.
I have no worries when bringing my car here.
It's only here until 4/8/2012, so go see while you can.\n\nThe museum still has the rainforest - not much has changed in it.
If I reviewed it last year, I would've given this restaurant five stars.\n\nImpressed with my experience the first time, I went back again last Wednesday night.
I want to output to console when tap event on body.
The brown rice was also nicely cooked, not too soft and not too hard.\n\nI didn't like the Velvet Corn and Chicken Soup.
We, like a lot of other customers, were in nice jeans, but it certainly didn't feel like it was fancy.
It's always so warm and tasty.\n\nThe deserts are also very tasty.
This is necessary on every assignment to a string field or variable so that the previous string value will be freed if nothing else is using it before a new value is assigned to the string field or variable.
But this would be my basic approach.
\nContinuing with the innerds of the Tuna & Kiwi roll, more Tobiko, asparagus, seared tuna with a light breading, red leafed lettuce, fresh tuna and kiwi...a la Andy's Special of the day.
My firefox started crashing since today.
Before she could reply, I little-white-lied her: \""We called ahead...
It would be very handy if some one who have faced this before could tell me what possibly could trigger this crash.
Does anyone have an idea on how to do this?
Had a pretty good Groupon for this place- wife enjoyed the collards, fried chicken was finger licking good.
It is dimly lit and has a very romantic ambiance.
Im using phonegap with sencha touch and when I load the app to my phone the json does not load at all..
It's awesome, although super expensive ($38).
Tuxguitar is open source and would serve as a good frame of reference.
I sat in the valet line for about 15 minutes.
I know PetsMart offers this as well, but it is not nearly as big or clean.
I've heard good things about the pizza, but haven't tried it.
You also didn't specify what language you are using, but it looks like you want a dictionary where start_dsgn is the key.
Then, you can use different containers like or for displaying the collection of data.
The issue had to do with Uniform Server's (WAMP) setup php.ini file Uniform Server has a SEPARATE file for command line php commands.
Considered Technique Nº1 Given that i don't want to have to build entire HTML fragments in C# code, i considered something like: with the idea that i could use the pre and postfixes to turn the HTML code into: But that is just rediculous, plus one answerer reminds us that it wastes bandwith, and can be buggy.
It should be able to receive that very same data back at a later time.
One of our family's favorite choices for pizza...staff has always been very friendly and helpful at this location even when we have to customize their specialty pizzas for the kids.
it is Pedros, but the baked Friday night fish is the best I had in Madison.
My project uses these dependencies for = 2.0.1:
\nCarmon's have also announced a very nicely priced Wednesday night Crepe/Wine flight for $28...reservations at 217 352 5880
Make a copy of the dll with a new file name Load the copy of the dll into an app domain Talk to that app domain with .net remoting When the original dll changes repeat the above This is what Asp.net does under the covers.
Note that is just an implementation of that is done after construction, and immediately calls any callbacks passed to with the value passed into the constructor.
Everyone was smiling and nice, and we were given a table outside.
They even washed the car down.\n\nThe employees took the time to answer my (many and repeated) questions - and I was given rides to and from the local bakery (Amelie's Bakery) for the duration of the repairs.
The only way out is to Force Quit Eclipse.
I haven't been to Monty's in several years, after suffering from 'stomach issues' after dining here back then, I couldn't bring myself to chance it again.\n\nNo issues this time, I'm happy to report.
I eat there every other week if not more often.
I believe the charge was 49 cents for every lb.
Service in a jam earns my loyalty.\n\n**Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot.
\n\nFood Quality - I ordered 2 oysters.
Stretchable/expandable vertically aligned text (relative to image) I would like to place some text next to an image where the text is vertically aligned relative to the image.
I always find the rice perfect and room-temperature and seasoned well.
If you are in downtown, and want a good meal, eat here.
In the absence of that here's a best guess generic answer: In general terms you will need to work out how to map (convert) each format to the other.
Even though there isn't a train/tram system to my knowledge, I never feel in a rush.
We're led downstairs to pick up lockers and sandals and head into the locker rooms to get changed.
Here's a bunch of resources for you to check out: SO post with the same problem: Another SO: Blog from 2009 when the feature was first released:
The BBQ fried chicken was interesting and good.
Building an application which started as fairly simple, but now got pretty complicated.
if other approaches to a word filter are easier to implement than that would work too
Remember that the configurable product needs to be set to in stock and the associated simple products have to have at least one item with non-zero inventory and be set as 'in stock'.
(Don't think there's a way to do it directly in Rails.)
Prices are a little high for Pittsburgh.
I have seen some people have made their own parsers for svg files to use in box2D, and Riq is selling levelSVG but it is a little pricey for me at the moment, and I only need basic features.
\n\nAMBIANCE:\nThis is really the only thing I'd knock about Umi.
The checkbox is bound to the property of each item (note that it's an Angular template and it uses to refer to the current item).
I am also curious as to how to extract the raw filter kernel.
I had the pork shoulder sandwich.
They treated us as if we were royalty.
The food and the service meet good standards.
Class Design C# Casting Let's say I have a program to write text into a file (not really but that's easier to explain).
Portion was huge and I could not finish it but I wish I could have.
I often use the "quick find" function that comes with this extension - the little blue 'dot' that shows in the scrollbar, when you highlight a word, or part of it, showing all the usages for the selection in that page.
The Spud Max includes: bacon, cheddar cheese, scallions, and ham.
To get the current position call To get the full duration of the file call From those you can calculate the progress.
The pizza, overall, had a sweet undertone.
\n\nOne that is a local bar with a cast of characters hanging out, reading the paper, making jokes, all on a first name basis.
They have a beef brisket sandwich called the BBLT that is always really good.\n\nThey have plenty of beer on tap, and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure.
Here's my trial: I know it's not correct, but what can I change ?
I have thought about using if not ...isdigit(), but it won't work since I get the guess as an integer in order for the above range to work.
The chicken wasn't too \""eggy\"" and the coating was almost light which is hard to accomplish with this dish.
First time trying NY Pizza Express tonight, and I am very glad I did!
The whole meal with a couple of martinis was only $45 after the entertainment card discount not including tip.
Had a few breakfast options and was blown away by the Greek plate and the QTF.
The parking is a bit annoying but I guess you can always park on the street!
I'm a sauce whore.\n\nDessert: I'm about to explode.
They also have good curry/rice dishes.
\nIf you're lucky, you might catch a glimpse if some wildlife!
Performing calculations on Django database values: views.py, template or Javascript?
As soon as we entered we were asked if we wanted to sit at a table on the right, or at the bar.
The feta and red pepper dressing were just too salty and rich for 1pm.
If you're looking for a place to relax and take your time, this ain't it.
For japanese fast food, I love it.
I do wish it was more of the traditional Korean BBQ.
You stand in line and place an order and then get a number.
'datetools.py' tells me the following: So that means that it should be possible to forecast out of sample.
You'll need to use the VS2010 Express edition if you want to create legacy apps.
From this bastion of beervana, you can see the real reason you came here - the jaw-dropping wall of tap heads and stuffed bottle coolers.
The thing is I have to read a number from the person (3 digits), convert it to an integer and compare it to two values.
Sometimes I might get breakfast, but usually it is the grilled chicken breast.\n\nEveryone should try Ritter's at least once.
Where as If I make those windowed application as modules, and then try to load them using the Moduleloader things work smoothly and unloaded modules are removed from memory.
Normally, Django sets the os.environ['TZ'] variable to the time zone you specify in the TIME_ZONE setting.
Floating elements break out of the normal flow of the page.
Their draft list changes constantly so there's no sense in trying to remember which beer you had there the week before.
Going to see a show or concert across the street at the Barrymore?
Truthfully, you cannot know, but you can make a decent guess.
Made a reservation for 7:30 via OT, which is something I've become addicted to lately.
The course itself is very nice.
two huge fillets breaded and fried with tons of french fries.
If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in.
The constants here correspond to those defined by imeOptions.
I have around 15 markers and every marker has different content and images.
Error while starting server is, Errors in named queries: com.mmm.rme.core.domain.evaluation.QuestionnaireResponseHeader.findPreviousQuestionnarieId the method i am using to access is,
Is it possible to somehow tell how many tasks should be executed in parallel?
Although I like it very spicy.
birth time -> I need to record birth time for the application to calculate some astrological values.
Any drink ya like at a cheap price and some cool stuff to look at.
So, If the developer write something like the resulting configuration parameter is automatically adjusted to .
It has huge slices of apple, pecans, blue cheese crumbles, and romaine lettuce with a balsamic dressing.
I want to prevent inserting into table A and allow updating in table B if a data with certain values is sent to Table A.
I grew up with this as my neighborhood grocery store so it's got a space in my heart.
How to get values from query string and pass it to new page using .htaccess file currently I m using following code in my site in .htaccess file : This redirects user to comman.php page say, user requests will redirects to This works fine.
\n\nBetter than any chain sub shop.
please if possible provide me the code.
Hearty blend on their coffee list, which is a blend he started selling in the 1960's.
see Generic Methods in the JLS The JLS also states in the same section Type arguments may not need to be provided explicitly when a generic method is invoked, as they can often be inferred (§18 (Type Inference)).
I'll be back in moderation so as not to clog my pipes up.
\n\nMy main course was the Thaikkal curry, which was a fun, educational dish for me.
Had a few bites of the accompanying potatoes, not my fave, but I was too full anyway.
The TripAdvisor app, for instance, has a very similar look and feel as the default google app.
Therefore, when you call TextSource you MUST tell it what implementation of TextReceiver to use.
I have a Unicode UTF-16 text file containing the single string Hello, if I look at it in a binary editor I see: What I want to do is read in this file, run it through Google Translate API, and write both it and the result to a new Unicode UTF-16 text file.
we arrived early for our reservation and they were able to seat us.
How to set up embedded WildFly server on the fly for testing with Maven I have a question about how to set up an embedded Wildfly 10 server on the fly for integration testing.
The cheese counter is so great because all of the cheeses are labeled with the kind of rennet used in the processing.
She then proceeded to buy us 2 desserts of our choice...carrot cake (special) and chocolate hazelnut cake (on the menu).
See GotW #28: The Fast Pimpl Idiom .
For example, a repo I maintain has accounts with Travis, Gemnasium, and Code Climate, and I have badges for those services on my README:
This is a vet for cats, not a vet for people.
Working in Firefox, Chrome and IE.
If the user scrolls further, after your update, cellForIndexPath: is called and the updated data will be drawn automatically.
The red dining room is nicely decorated and love the cuckoo clock that is reminiscent of my grandmother's.
This is my first answer in stackOverflow, so please, go easy.
Neither of us are big eaters, but noted how small the portions were, especially compared to the price.
I'm guessing if you're like me you don't go to Mortons often, so try something that is hard to get elsewhere.
Don't go here if your looking for some hip and trendy seafood joint.
But the two versions of doIt have different numbers of parameters.
Before leaving I went back to the beer cave for more cider.
Although this is a common practice in lot of places, I weakly recommend against it.
The calamari is the best calamari I've ever had.
You get text updates on the status of your vehicle and they work with insurance to make the process painless.
Go when it's not busy and be prepared to be handed big chunks of raw fish with his different sauces.
Either the consuming code can call .Create() directly on the Repository to persist the entity with no uow, or the consuming code can start a uow, call .Add() on the uow, and then when .Commit() is called, the uow will go through all entities, and by action type (add, update delete), new up the appropriate repository, and the TSQL code will execute.
Also I've tried the \""Sa Cha Scallops\"" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish!
Ate there for the first time this evening.
Maybe a , or a class.
My style is that I don't want to count or do any arithmetic in my head; that's what the C optimizer is for :).
Enter into D's (after figuring out the correct door - I still make this mistake) and you'll be greeted by a long draft bar.
when tram's is out of the equation, this is my backup.
Something like this should be good:
I called the last_query() method to get the query that was generating the problem and this pops up messing up the entire query.
The creamed spinach is yummy, the baked potato is huge, the hashed brown potatoes are nice and crispy but I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order.
Can anyone please guide what the issue can be?
Every meal is finished by sopapillas-fried tortillas with honey, cinnamon, and a dollop of whip cream.
It definitely did not stand out to me.
A few months after the adoption, it became clear that the dog had some pretty serious anxiety and behavioral issues (please note that there is no way the shelter staff could have known about the issues while the dog was in the shelter).
I haven't tried the burgers yet and it may be a while because I'm going to keep getting the dogs.
We have stayed other places that would skip our room if we came out late, but not here!
However, this does not actually prevent the function from throwing.
to get the Street name use this(I think you already know this): hope it helps :)
Thats a really basic thing in java.
I went in for my check up the next day and my vision was almost 20/15..
The keyword, as any other keyword declared with from Boost.Parameter , is indeed a constant reference.
Any and all help on where I am going wrong would be very much appreciated.
Update your compateString method as follows: u need to compare each step of the id alone.
I've been looking at moving to the WiX method here: which looks promising.
To illustrate, here are some images: This is what one of the breadcrumbs is supposed to look like when hovered over: (image taken in Chrome) In Internet Explorer, this is what it looks like when hovering: It displays fine before hovering, but as soon as the mouse goes over it, it goes nuts.
DynamicJasper (DJ) is an open source free library that hides the complexity of Jasper Reports.
I had the spinach pie with feta cheese and it was yummy.
Hope This Helps HTML Code CSS Code
Turn on the Debug Graphics Device (D3D11_CREATE_DEVICE_DEBUG) and you should see that your constant buffer is not 64 bytes in HLSL as you expect.
\n\nAaaand lastly, if you do stop by, do me a favor and find the Irsh bartender \""Murph\"" and give him a hard time...
When I'm in the mood for a coffee and sweet treat, they always pop into mind.
Uploading a photo to a server with the file name stored in a mysql database and other form data you want in your Database.
your mention of Pythagorean theorem): A* works fine with an estimate of the distance.
(During production the sources are compile by the buildscript and the filter does nothing).
\n\nWe were seated in an area where we couldn't see the piano, but we could hear it.
Now I want to save all numbers between and in an .
It's the only thing from keeping Pamela's from being a 5-star breakfast place.
I activated slow query profiling in MongoDB and saw that a query comes often.
All well prepared, tasty, spicy and overall yummy!
If you like historic little places with lots of character and don't want to get married in an actual church, this is a great option.
My recommendation, you can keep watch on the .
I've since moved to Chicago and have not been able to find anyone I like as much and I pay three times more to get my hair done.
So, if your connection is open explicitly, you should close it explicitly.
The ginger salad was good, but not great...I am spoiled when it comes to ginger dressing & this was not my favorite ginger dressing.
I don't never leave empty handed !
I have managed to get one of them to work, but I run into a problem with the others on the list.
I would recommend you to have a look at the FOSRestBundle .
There are tables and booths - the place kind of looks like a Burger King knock-off.
We all had maybe one measly little wedge, and it definitely kept the salad from being as yummy as it should have been.
And the view from the large windows was beautiful.
The broth was wonderful for dipping the ( cold) bread, yet the shrimp had no flavor.
I'd recommend moving it back into the same file until you understand how moving between activities works in Android.
Facts: I am not a big meat eater.
I have fist week of previous year instead like so : Is there a trick to avoid this kind of error ?
I have had this issue too, try removing the following from your CSS background-attachment: fixed;
I ran the app once the Xoom was started, and I still got this error.
They were large and quite tasty.
While I love a leisurely meal, an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive.
Risky to order fish at an Italian restaurant, but it's mostly very good.
The woman doing the presentation brought out a number of birds and told us lots of interesting info about them.\n\nAfter that, we just walked around to the different cages and checked out the other birds.
Jagermeister has no business within ten feet of Guinness, and the Pancake would have been okay if they halved the amount of butterscotch.
The extension's folder as well as it's mysql table were created without any problem ..
15 minutes to prepare Colleen had warned me, but 3 minutes to eat.
The staff was great, food fresh, and a great menu.
First i splitted the text using , and now i want to append a anchor tag at the end of post.
Actually, if I had any one thing i'd change, it would be that I would prefer a lighter dessert to complement the type of food here, but that could be because I'm just not a big dessert person.
Tsa staff are very polite and they move quickly.
\n\nIf you want to try a different dining experience try this place out and try the chicken.
I do hope to come back some time soon.
The spacing is intentional and cannot be changed (without custom drawing the entire thing, which is not so easy in managed code ), as WinMo 6.5 and later supposedly moved toward more "finger friendly" UIs.
\n\nUnfortunately, I usually get massive amounts of heartburn after eating at Zorba's, but it's totally worth it.\n\nI've been told that Zorba's has live music some nights, but I've never actually seen it.
The meat is so tender and juicy it hardly needs sauce, but the sauce is so good I have to get an extra cup on the side!
the problem is ready never gets equal to limit.
Assuming your Job can only have one worker that is set when a Proposal is accepted, you'd want something like this: With this approach, you can get user.posted_jobs and user.current_jobs.
Update from comments My quantity columns are smallint(3).
We are using SQLAlchemy 0.9.8 on Python 2.7.7 and Postgres 9.3.
\n\nThey have a great selection of sauces that I am guilty of drowning my gyros in.
It also comes stocked with silverware, plates, and pots and pans.
You should just change the "upload_path" value in your configuration Array.
It had feta cheese, mushrooms and spinach with potatoes on the side and a biscuit.
One of the best places to eat in town.
Mapping Error in Hibernate I have prepared an application in Spring Boot I have implemented oneToOne mapping in hibernate between two tables : person and PersonDetail.
An absolutely beautiful and historic theater with a pretty bad- chandelier, if I do say so.
What i want the result is as follows..
2nd time we have been to this restaurant and it was great!
That is it is executed the first time when and and since, it is given as the loop initialisation statement and not in the loop body, it is never reevaluated.
Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.
When the button is pressed, it should change the label text to whatever is in a QString variable inside the program.
It seems one of ` is not executed till the part where you set You have two alternatives: 1.Open the connection only once and use it in every method without closing it and close it on : Set this check in every attempt to open con: if (con.State == ConnectionState.Closed) { con.Open(); }
normally you use Number() or parseInt("", [radix]) to parse a string into a real number.
Frankly, I would not expect to return anything against that data with any valid XPath or XQuery engine, ever.
Yes, you will pay more, but it's worth it.
It's not aware of elements drawn on the canvas or anything.
One complaint I would have is (I don't know if they still do this) you could only have Wifi access for two hours with the purchase of an item.
I'm not even sure that it's possible to do that (Accessing CXF directly from client-side).
I came back here with a coworker for the buffet lunch and went back twice and walked/waddled out of the restaurant.
The raviolis themselves were plump and yummy, the squash was rich and creamy, and balanced out with walnuts.
You would still need a persistant disk based data store to load the data from.
If you like tap beer the selection is limited, but very inexpensive, and the lines are always clean (hint: the owner drinks tap beer).
I would imagine that you could also do as well.
Here is a quick and dirty example of how to do this.
I am getting correct number with the following config:- and yes, your JSON is incorrect..
What you are actually asking is how to read from (write to) database on C#.
Yes, multiple directives creating their own isolate and/or child scopes (both could require , though) is not allowed, which is unfortunate, if only because with binding to attributes is so effortless.
It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles.
It is a busy airport but you don't get the rushed feeling like you do at O'Hare International
Good mercy this red beans and rice with sausage is good.
I want to have two remotes, development (to development server) and production remote (from development server to production server).
\n\nI must say, I am not usually a fan of sweet foods, but this wasn't unnaturally sweet and it was tasting good.
Clean, great service and the food was very good.
We were slated to go on at 10, after the first game but before the second game came on, which meant they would turn down the sound on the TVs.
Mine was the Steak au Poivre with a creamy French sounding sauce.
Good brunch turns great once the patios are closed, as the brunch buffet becomes a la carte.
Even though I'm vegetarian there are always plenty of things on the menu for me.\n\nFood has ranged from mediocre to very good.
i get a message: Please fill in all the questions.
You will need to use ADO.NET - it's a technology for data access.
The food has always been consistently good.
Literally overwhelmed with crab meat...OH MY GOODNESS.
And for the second method, I think it may be the problem that you didn't get the of your var .
Loaded with all the typical wedding soup ingredients, and thick and tasty.\n\nMy husband had the pork chops, which were tender and juicy.
This is the query: This is the result: I need it to be: allow_c should not be in the result as its 0
\n\nWe had great service from go.
Alternatively, you can provide the entire regular expression pattern by overriding the class attribute pattern.
Old Time can meet almost all of your meat eating needs and they do have a customer appreciation card where you get 10% off your next purchase when you purchase $200 worth at the store.
Super competent and professional wait staff.\n Had the Calamari and it was unique.
Complete steal.\n\nEmpire also finally takes cc's , but there's lame $8 min.
In the video it's just all .
Multiple lines for security and any of them will work, stay away from gate B line as they have less scanners and you compete with the priority and first class lines, unless you're flying first of course.
I don't know why it's so good.
For my group of friends, this is the ultimate post-5K run reward!\n\nHere are the rules (they are my rules, but you should adopt them for Dor-Stop success):\n1.
A Use the web service tester in Workday Studio.
Laravel 4 - how to use a unique validation rule / unique columns with soft deletes?
For example, you can create your own data type: And then you can create an array of players: This means you will be able to loop over the players, and "player 1 attacks player 2" can use the same code as "player 2 attacks player 1" (if they have the same rules).
Is there a better way of making the count of a ?
Not only is it near my house, but the polish lasts awhile.
Yeah, we could have paid less to a day spa elsewhere and a pedicure elsewhere, but we were there to have a spa experience, and we were able to have our nice girls day out.
I've been trying to snag a good table at Upstream on RW for the past year!
We enjoyed glasses of champagne on the deck before heading out to explore and hike around their land.
In case, I'm scrolling quickly down and the GPU is in progress to render the preview iamge and then click, the original bmp is not filtered.
Concerning the negative value in the debugger, it looks to me like a bug in Xcode and not in Swift.
New and clean inside, with an awesome bar area as well as private tables.
A simple solution should be using the css3 transition.
I've been searching for code samples (C# or VB.NET) and found nothing.
I solve it with ajax call.
the readback runs asynchronously), so it does not block your application and effectively appears to run "faster".
They were up front about the timing and what they would do to make the molding etc.
I compile it with: windows cmd shell run: tclsh testdll.tcl the output is: In fact, I want to print a line, whose content is "C:/Users/L/桌面" I write this dll to debug how to replace Tcl_GetString,Tcl_TranslateFileName with Tcl_FSGetNormalizedPath, Tcl_FSGetNativePath, I wonder if it's clear?
you can check if not equal to null If you are using java7 or more then you need not to worry about closing the BufferredWriter JDK 7 onwards you can make you of try with resource for example
I love the fact that they have a great beer selection, but the food sometimes seemed expensive for the quality.
Therefore, consequently, as a result, in sum, I don't have a crystal clear memory of what I had for appetizer, entree, dessert, etc.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere!
We spilled a drink and before we could ask for help they had a stack of napkins ;)
We never felt rushed and the evening was very relaxing and pleasant.
There are even framed paintings on the walls!
There is an option for free slooooow internet but platinum members get internet for free (yay?).
For example, I have the following products: A, B, C.
My family owned a Chinese restaurant themselves and when they wanted Chinese food this is where we went.
The entire staff was very good about humoring me.\n\nGus loves it there (his radar triggers around 21st street and he starts to flip out in the car) and I feel safe about leaving him there.
Love the atmosphere and martini menu here.
My one and biggest complaint is that they need to carry more (if not all) organic produce.
Alternatively, you could try <a href="
In addition to a plethora of sandwich options there are italian dishes as well.
I especially enjoy the Mediterranean Seafood Salad.
I was having trouble deciding what exactly I should name it.
I understand that I first have to iterate on each and then on each to retrieve any column from Pickline, but can't figure out how this can be done in ActiveAdmin.
Can this be done with one regex?
The food is great and I couldn't believe the cheap prices.
To boot they always are really cool with my niece's rolling into their store.
\n\nTheir smoothies are delicious, and the coffee is good.
Get there before 6 for sure if you want to avoid waiting.
Intro Our current system (a billing system) tracks double-entry bookkeeping while allowing users to enter data as invoices, expenses, etc.
I tried to inconspicuously spy her fried fish.
So I would just crank up the __array_priority__.
I can use to get the current dates member.
Now when I use the back button, is not expired, although and are as expected.
Now that may seem rather expensive and it is, but doable so I indeed did it...
I want to try the Mojo next time.
Loved the gumbo, grits, and creole shrimp.
Your substitution will look like this: Replacement can be done in one line:
They are open until 3am on the weekends, so if you get a late night hankering for pizza you are in luck.
Any ideas for getting this to work in Cygwin?
Even at 1:30 a.m., the place was packed, albeit with inebriated post-clubbers speaking at the same volume they did on the dance floor.
The lobby is gorgeous with a massive 60\"" some odd LCD HDTV etc.
\n\nWhat I am a fan of is a place that can actually cook your meat to the requested temperature.
Connect time has elapsed Boolean to your case conditional terminal.
Is any way, how to to add gif image into a layer and then use to save as a gif image?
Here is how I handle data for this particular entity: Notes: is an which I keep as a constant in delegate and only initialize once.
The only pieces you want to encode are the querystring values , and you can just use for this.
Attempt at better solution I am not a .NET developer, but I feel the logic in the template with all the variable substitution would be better done in the backing code, instead of pushing all the details into the front-end.
c++ error when use parallel_for I'm trying to use parallel_for, but I get an error, the code is: The error is: IntelliSense: no instance of overloaded function "parallel_for" matches the argument list >argument types are: (size_t, int, lambda []void (size_t i)->void This is only example, I have to use it in bigger project, but first of all I want to understand how to use it properly.
Here is the client, you can see at the bottom that it generates what i beleive to be a json string, i assign a variable before that contains an ID, i am trying to use this ID to send to the server for proccessing.
I have this diff eq: where M, C, and K are 4x4 matrices and my function solves the general solution and outputs a vector of 4 values.
Update: Solved by transposing the input data!
You can create functions that just get called, without using 'new' or a functions that will create and return a new object and using new is needed, these are typically referred to as constructor functions, but the key thing is the use of keyword new here which changes the behavior of the function, notice that there is no 'return this;' line in the function, it's implied by using 'new' hope that helps.
a long TEXT with many lines).
Leather chairs, sofas and love seats.
Second part of your puzzle is .
\n\nTalk to Lisa about what to order.
Earlier this year I got a coupon and decided to walk in to take a glance at the selection.
The service is average and the place is over priced.
We will be back when I need contacts!
If so, write "yes", if not, write "no".
Service was good--relaxed but not too distant--and we were in and out in decent time.\n\nBrunch was a few days ago and nearer to memory.
Is this due to some technical limitation on the compiler or is just the way it is supposed to work, and i'm violating some constraints i'm not aware of?
(Papervision 3d) And save created new object as new 3d model?
we settled in and looked over the menu.
Because of this is it even possible to programmatically get a Cygwin installation path?
That's when I thought of DirectInput, which I've used in C++ games for Windows 7, but that API is not available for Store Apps...
I will continue to investigate and I'll post updates to my findings; Any hints are greatly appreciated, Thanks!
The file looks like this: Like I said, that works fine.
We loved bringing our infant daughter here and were pleased that the restaurant offers slings for carseats for the smaller babies as well as highchairs for babies who are of sitting up age (many places don't have the slings).
(They're free with dinner, or at lunch they're $1.) Crunchy exterior (but not hard) sprinkled with sea salt and served with pats of butter.
So I used the \""CHAT ONLINE with an agent\"" option today.
The rotation property of the BasicImage filter can accept one of four values: 0, 1, 2, or 3 which will rotate the element 0, 90, 180 or 270 degress respectively.
Lenscrafters...the standard in \""while you wait\"" glasses, almost exclusively located in malls around the country.
If you want to assign the result to a variable then you need a object.
One thing to check and is the most common course of a permanent error is to make sure you're actually logged in.
I love coming to Umi to celebrate any occasion, big or small.
But, you'll have to find that out.
I have to say, the past couple of times I have been eaten at Mama Ricotta's, it has been really great!
I cannot figure out why it crashes Here is the stacktrace from the crash report: The file had the following line in it: minecraft:sponge=WATER,WATER,WATER,VOID,VOID,CROP This should add 3 WATER aspects, 2 VOID aspects, and 1 CROP aspect.
Absolutely, the best gyro that I have ever eaten, and I have eaten a lot of them over the years.
$30 for one box of 9mm range ammo, but much cheaper for 22 ammo.
It also does a whole lot more such as let you write strong typed LINQ queries directly from your application code.
If proper is implemented, then Google may display it if it trusts your site enough and if it supports these schema types.
They were knowledgeable about the brews on tap and every beer they had in stock.
Then you have to do absolutely nothing on the server side.
You can skip it with like you figured out by yourself: You can also use the function for a shorter solution:
I had a friend from NYC flying in for the holidays.
The airport itself, I like that too.
CUDA pointers to device constants I have the following constant defined on the CUDA device: Now I tried getting the address of using two methods, and I'm getting different results.
If you are going to a Pirates game, this is the primo location.
I love Chambana because I can go out on a Saturday night and not blow all my money!\n\nSeriously.
The interior is dolled-up in a very elegant, but not over elegant way.
Thats right, Han Solo/Indian Jones himself walks in, by himself and treats himself to the delicious Hooters cuisine.
A few years back, I stopped going to SJ'sbecause I was sick of getting rubbery non tender ribs.
Hands down, this is the best ice cream parlor in Pittsburgh.
No matter, I was too full to eat much of it anyhow.
(Same program as the first question I asked.) However, I seem to run into a problem when I try to print out a weekly schedule.
Due to the fact that the folder "samples" might change path in the future again, whoever needs can start exploring from the page.
And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends, you've got the right bar.
It turned out I had to add one line in my NotificationHub class: Now it looks following and this solved my problem.
jQuery 1.7 is *still* returning the event.layerX and event.layerY error in Chrome What am I doing wrong?
I did find qiestions that asked between the differences between using www and not using it, but not a single of them had files that could be located on one of them while not on the other.
For a static property to work, it has to have a backing field that is itself static so that it can be implemented accordingly.
on linux (or any case sensitive filesystem) the directory names such as ' ' and ' ' are different and unique.
The trivial and not very clean solution will be to inject a reference to the map in each instance and have as the first thing you do in your method.
Also seemed more brightly lit this time, so that probably helped.
The beer and whiskey selection is extensive, the best part is that it runs from cheap to expensive so you can drink what you can afford depending on the night.
I am using XAMPP on Windows.
But they only receive cash no credit card such a pity.
Thursday through Saturday requires a cover, but it's only $1, so can't complain there.\n\nMy only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting.
More often than not you leave STUFFED.
cannot find javax.swing.JPanel I'm a novice in java coding.
I think converting the switch expression to unsigned type will do the trick.
So, after the services are initialized, the controller gets initialized as well, and with it, the event handler defined within.
***DISCLAIMER: THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THE BAR AND LIVE MUSIC SIDE OF BLUE***\n\nWhenever I am downtown (mainly Friday or Saturday night) I will end my night at Blue Restaurant & Bar and make my way to their bar and live music area.
He makes you feel like you are his only customer even if it is busy.
They pair it up with a tarter sauce (did I detect a pepper in there?
LeadTools and VisioForge SDKs are just wrappers for DirectShow + some custom filters from them!
DLL Import: Invoking the function: The problem is that no user profile is ever created and CreateProfile() returns an error code of: 0x800706f7 .
I was happy to feel that the box was actually hot and so the slice was properly warmed.
However the high quality ingredients and delightful flavors evened out any imperfections.
The only situation where you might run into fragmentation is if you have mis-tuned the low-pause collector and it has fallen back to doing a "stop the world" full collection.
I know it says undefined variable current_user but it picks it up perfectly when i run locally .
I get 40 errors relating to metadata.
Another reviewer referred to this airport as \""upscale\"" and while it's a little bizarre I kind of agree.
You can also assign the article to a category that is linked to a menu item.
For it returns cell as nil.
C++ inherit template class I've got a peculiar request, hopefully it's not too far fetched and can be done.
But you also have the option of non-load-balanced endpoints: Maybe 3 servers, each with a unique port number.
That is ok (although you cannot distinguish the rk that defines each row): In other words, your subquery is pretty much all you need.
Faking pivots in SQL Server 2000 using aggregates and :
The C# designers foresaw this sort of problem, and managed to prohibit it in many situations.
While I normally go to the Dowd YMCA because it has a full basketball court and pool, the Gateway Y is great for a quick, simply work-out at any time.
Well since I stop here on my way home from work every Friday I have to give it 5 stars.
I usually stop in when I'm shopping around Shadyside and miss it now that I've moved out of the neighborhood.
Although with the Panthers playing, you'll probably have a better time enjoying the concessions and shopping.
During a short wait, I sipped a heavenly hot chocolate.
Said cocktail may have improved her review.
You only need the parameter name when you define the function, i.e.
user-data that may not be part of the authentication of a user, perhaps the user's favourite colour etc.) then by all means you can store that in a session variable (after retrieving it from the DB when the user is first authenticated).
where A is a letter (any capital), and XXX is any integer (note that this number does not have to be limited to 3 digits).
Don't do long-running stuff on the event dispatch thread.
What are your thoughts on deallocating the singleton when the app exits?
This is the Code I am Looking For and I found out myself it Works Perfectly in the way What I want.
You end up with something like this: There, I accidentally passed instead of , maybe because I added the second line in later and didn't realise the third line needed changing.
First of all should determine whether two objects are logically equal .
The problem is that compiler doesn't know the type in the above statement.
Hadoop is a batch processing system which is good for write once, read multiple times use cases.
\nAround thanksgiving the Ideal was had Simpsons Pinball Party.
So for now solution seems to be to list e.g.
Means in whatever mobile I put that sdcard, my all apps with the data should work fine.
The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.
You can get there 15 minutes before a game and still get to your seat.
Now, my assumption is that is working as a type of a proxy, loading lazily objects only when requested, something the forces it to.
I think you should optimise your adapter for recycler view.
The combination of flavors was great.\n\nSpicy basil noodles: Seems pretty conventional to order here, but the waitress said that it was a \""signature dish.\"" Pretty standard if you ask me, but nothing to complain about.\n\nChocolate Maki: We were excited for this, but unfortunately a tad disappointed.
The DOM cannot recognize the HTML's encoding.
Water glasses sat empty a couple of times, but not enough to really spoil the experience.
One is straight in the north part, two others are further down in the south and extend into the ocean.
Than I figured it out: I was still connected to the Internet via a VPN, so the simulator couldn't connect to the packager.
When I run the app it displays the json in the terminal.
Will I have any problems using rbind() if the column contains dates?
How to set Content-Length when sending POST request in NodeJS?
Toasty and sweet, it was nothing like the granola you get out of a box.
Big, open, navigable, plenty of bar seating and hightops.
\n\nGood vegan section, tofurkey brands and lightlife products.
A simple example is: I would like to be able to access the numeric arrays C{1} and C{2} in my MEX file.
I think you need to use an adorner for a customized border.
The one from the east was very sweet, as fresh seafood should be.
I would suggest that you don't try to learn how to use webpy's templating system if you are new to programming.
So delicious and falls right off the bone.
I always get the lemon chicken and it's delicious!
That said, it sounds like installing scipy using pip is your best bet.
From there you can access global io and then connect with: It may be even better to copy the library into your application and have a background service that fetches the newest version every x days/weeks.
For years, C-U residents have debated the need for a large-scale, ethics/eco-conscious health food chain such as Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, with various rounds of petitions being submitted to corporate offices.
Kind of unheard of on park rd.
I have some mixed feelings about Mama Ricotta's, but ultimately I leave the restaurant pretty happy and satisfied every time.\n\nMy biggest complaint is that they took the Butternut Squash Ravioli off the menu...
which leads me to another problem, because i would like to stream the recorded video live to a website.
Also, if your plan is to use S3 as a replacement for HDFS, I would recommend you to go with instead of as it imposes a limit of 5GB on file size.
How to choose specific columns when using depth in serializer I have a model which consists of two .
For being bar food it was actually pretty spectacular.
Whenever you want to reset the EditText's text to its original text, you would then call another simple method that will set the current text to the text stored before.
What am i doing wrong ?
They do have ridiculously expensive jeans (pretty much any brand or style you could want) but they also sell some really affordable brands so you can get a pair for under $100.
More than cheese, but cheese...\n\nIf you love cheese, you'll like this place.
Americanized Chinese food at a decent price.
Love this place - they were very accommodating to me, Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).
He was busy but kept our drinks full and cleaned up plates fast and since it was July 4 we asked if he knew any firework shows around and he told us the closest place...
The standard Javascript way is to pass an "options" object like used in the code with as missing keys in objects return that is "falsy".
As you requested, to automate this for all items with the class , you could use this:
When you do so the main window will increase in size so that the component palette fits.
I think that makes it so much better for dining experiences.
Any help to solve this compilation error will be greatly appreciated.
Having found it I thought I would see how much quicker it was than my recursive function.
I went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.
I'm trying to use _.each() to apply a test function to an array.
Is there a way to reset those functions and make them check again after an ajax call?
Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms.
You have a syntax error in your code: Remove the space after the and it will work.
Of course I understood that we can't aggregate some string values.
Thanks to both Philip and brad for their answers!
I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.
For reference see the man page ;).
The design of Jupiter involves the following: Open Source: Jupiter carries an open source license.
Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night screaming, \""I NEED TO GO TO PADDY CAKE BAKERY\"".
Im sitting in Caribou right now as I write this review!!
My husband always has a great experience there and holds a very high opinion of Tom.
They have to make a bang for their buck, can I please recommend they print that seasonal menu on another kind of paper..other than computer paper?!
The problem is that when I take that native executable "my_prog.native" and run it somewhere else (different machine with same operating system, etc.), the new machine complaints that it can't find camomile (which is used in a Batteries library I'm using).
Looks like a waffle house, smells like a waffle house..
Now I use the following: Is this OK?
Remember to tell them that is what you want for desert when you order your entrees.
Fantastic vegetarian and nonvegetarian food alike, great ice cream, adult beverage selection is to die for.
I was here while there was a rain storm going on the east coast and I was re routed to the Charlotte airport instead of Philly.
\n\nFlights are usually run on time for the most part.
Your index.html is calling the socket.io js file wrong should be This is because you cannot reference a file like that because there is no logic for it in your code.
Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
How to change the URL after a navigation using jQuery Mobile's $.mobile.navigate I'm new to jQuery Mobile and I've been trying so hard (been googling for 2 days straight) to understand how the navigation to external pages works but finding it really hard so hopefully I can get a proper explanation here.
They change it VERY frequently, in fact from day to day the draft selections are different.
The best Vietnamese I have tried in Pittsburgh.
Topped with swiss or muenster, it's a super delish sandwich.
The reference you have given seems to be a little misleading.
But I was wondering if anyone has coded any .js workaround to do the job in the meantime?
But how could you NOT indulge when it's also on the buffet just staring at you waiting for it's chance to be eaten!
Very big, with lots of equipment on multiple levels.
The other option would be to just delete some critical class from the jar file, but neither of these will prevent it from being run again, as they can copy the jar file.
Some serious old school 80's glamour waits up the long flight of stairs to Marti Gras.
But event on clicking cancel or Post DOES NOT call onpageStarted , not internally or via debugging for pagestarted.I want to detect cancel event and hide the webview.
In the down stream project, no need to select svn as the source code management tool.
It was probably one of the best risottos I've had, flavorful not watery and the light sauce on top perfectly complimented the fish.
Having been to NOLA and experiencing the amazing food scene it's hard to imagine anywhere outside of LA being able to match the quality of food; however, this restaurant is awesome.
It was so overcooked as to be inedible, and rarely is ANYTHING inedible to moi.
If anyone has any pointer I will truly appreciate it!
You will get hit on by creepers and townies.
From the ultra sleek modern interior, to the industrial and raw materials that you'll see showcased throughout the exhibits, the McColl Center boasts some pretty cool urban exhibits along with a really enthusiastic volunteer staff!
A set of routes or paths in which can pass a car.
Make the first timeout with the offset for the hour.
I throughly enjoyed my chile chicken, fried chicken with chile peppers and a fiery hot sauce, which was the spiciest dish I have ever had in a Chinese restaurant.
I've created the hub, uploaded my certificates, started coding but I couldn't find the equivalent of my previous code.
So you have the wavelengths that map to pure colors and then their combinations can give many other and the same colors.
The place has a good dive feel, dark but not terribly seedy.
The large size is indeed a large size and is enough for 2-3 people.\n- You get one hot dog, and with toppings on it, it will cost $6.50.
Start with the Task class, which replaces ThreadPool.QueueUserWorkItem.
I'm not getting how to do that.
Around an hour later the guy stops by and asks for our tickets.
Looking for \""that\"" spot where the moment you walk in, you fit in?
I have recently become a coffee shop bum (and my reviews are beginning to reflect this) but I enjoy this place.
I think this is the best Chinese in Charlotte.
Binding data to grid view Trying to bind a table to data grid.
If that is the case then the frequency of polling allowed/recommended might be documented in the API for the service you're using.
Rails 4 devise_invitable "The invitation token provided is not valid!" error I have been following Ryan Boland's Rails multitenancy tutorial, but have run into a snag with devise_invitable.
Has anybody actually gotten this to work?
So in the above example, supposing I change 5 to 6 it will look like this: 3 + 3 = 6 But because the model of the third input is a calculation I can't edit it.
during the week because their tapas/appetizers are half-price!
Suppose you have an integer array First of all you sort your array Now you find that largest number is Marks[0] and second large is Marks[1]
Context is, of course, that I expected very little from this town, yet I've been completely surprised.
\n\nI would recommend eating here if you like good home-cooked food.
Now by default the video files are being saved in C:\Program Files\Red5\webapps\webcam_recorder\streams I am trying to figure out how I can change the default location and say be able to save it in c:\streams instead Secondly once I deploy to prod, my idea is to save these video files on Amazon S3 and have red5 stream from there.
Also, if you get there early enough, grab a warm, fresh Tuscan bread, (but maybe I shouldn't be telling you this.) it's crispy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside.
It'll make it easier when I'm running late after the gym to just pick it up and go from here.\n\nParking lot is still a mess, but will hardly ever change.\n\nOh, watch out too, they have applied for a liqueur license to be able to sell six packs with their addiction of a cafe...smart move Giant Eagle.
the benifit of making string as immutable was for the security feature.
You should listen for collaborator leave/join events and update what is being tracked appropriately.
It's definitely a great place for the more laid back salon goers.
I am sure it is posted somewhere, but I didn't know until it was point out when I went to pay.
Sorry I forgot our waitress name but she was very helpful in explaining the dishes so that even the kids could understand.
I have a series of properties I'd like to depend upon each other for easy modification of the root value: However, this causes a syntax error.
I've seen some of these musicals on the Broadway series in the cramped Broadway theaters themselves so it is refreshing to be able to see that same show from a larger venue.\n\nIt is true that if you have seats to the far right or left then you will miss both the scenery and what happens on that side of the stage but that is true with most any theater.
The only item I've had that was less than thrilling was the vegetarian quesadilla...
what i want is to store in the double value directly the two digits!
Very clean, the food was amazing (not your average wedding fare) and a breathtaking view of the city.
It may be your framework/library does not have the 'city' datum available at the time it is printing the title.
Using a future date, We can now use METHOD:PUBLISH to allow people to add events to their calendar without requiring accept/decline.
You also need to consider that in an ordering situation, you must record the details of the order as it occurred at the time.
It can be find at platform independent version.
I want to avoid typing the same command 40 different times (as in the future I'll be doing this with even more SNPs).
The pizza is average, but they truly do have the best hot dogs in the city.\n\nFinally, bring a growler or buy one of theirs.
Well you'd better get on that, so you can brag to all your hipster friends that you know the best bartender in Pittsburgh.\n\nSeriously though.
It offers a swank, contemporary atmosphere (and, unsurprisingly, with an Asian feel).
I have been impressed with nearly everything here, except for the soggy truggle fries.
This can make certain things like search for a word and replace it more difficult because you might have to manage keeping the whitespace consistent with what it was before.
the solution use JNI instead of other way using external Library.
Doesn't get much better than that on the Northside ladies and gents!\nHope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!
As for , one simply needs to check both possible pairings.
Great breakfast and great grilled cheese!!
Got a little treat at Pinkberry and walked around.
Also check the example provided in the JQM demos
Is there a way I can add a condition to the task so that try_sudo is ignored?
Anyway, let me know if you find that something needs more details and I'll be glad to update the answer.
are kind of a mess right now.
Following is the I have a code for the alert pop-up when the user leaves the window: Is there a possibility to restrict the user with this code and in that case where to append this code to the moodle's actual source code??
iOS CoreData fails to fetch data I am developing an application for iOS which has .xcdatamodeld file with a couple of entities, one of which is UserInfo with an attribute "name" of type .
However when swapping the database to oracle the JAXB marshal converts this to a string.
or go with Capicola and Egg.
I'm open to other approaches to the problem, but I would like to keep it as dependency-free to gems and libraries as possible.
From cold winter nights to a late night snack in the summer, a big bowl of pho always hits the spot (as does ramen or beef noodle soup, but that'll be for other reviews).\n\nPho Minh serves up pho with debatably the most fragrant beef broth in Pittsburgh.
For an entree, I had myself a basic vodka blush sauce over angel hair dish that was absolutely phenomenal.
\n\nWhat's not to like about Monty's.
For PHP &lt; 5.5 use the and use prepared statements .
I thought about visiting Performance Bike in East Liberty, where I purchased my current ride, but the lure of Kraynick's was too much.
\""Hot\"" is about medium, \""medium\"" is less than what is considered mild at most places, it has no flavor at all besides a buttery oilyness for some color.
Essentially, it boils down to removing from your CSS.
Show combobox drop down while editing text When I first load my form the combobox functions as desired: Then when I select one of the drop down menu items (via cursor or arrow keys &amp; enter): Now if I try to edit the text in the combo box again (via cursor or arrow keys), the drop down menu no longer appears: Currently my load form method: I am thinking it is maybe a settings issue with my combobox?
Modal is unresponsive and locks everything on screen I'm trying to make a modal for the logging the user in.
You simply need to add a default server block in your configuration : By the way, you have a typo (semicolon before ) and you don't need a rewrite as you have specific regular expression.
There was a much larger variety than I anticipated.\n\nThe house was just incredible.
R - Customizing X Axis Values in Histogram I want to change the values on the x axis in my histogram in R.
It was so good I couldn't stop eating it, even after I was full.
The service hasn't been AS prompt since then but it's certainly been reasonable, and the speed in the kitchen makes up for any order delays.
Tonight it was windy and threatening rain so we didn't have that as a choice.\n\nThe location is nothing to write home about but the kitchen turns out very edible food.
A wonderful \""corner bar\"" kind of atmosphere makes it THE place to take people in from out of town.
\n\nThis place is really a gem--its cash only though, so bring that with you.
I ordered their special: teriyaki tofu with peas, coconut, peppers and peanuts, served with a side of fresh pita.
After spending a week in suburbia hell, I wanted to see if Charlotte actually had a downtown, and happily I found it, along with affordable parking.
I hope never to need the services of an oral surgeon again, but in case I do I feel better knowing of Dr Marashi.
In principle, you could make the context current in each worker thread before calling , but this will require extra synchronization from your side (otherwise, a thread could be preempted in between making the context current and reading back!), and is a terribly slow function that will seriously stall OpenGL.
CSS equivalent of What is the CSS equivalent of the element?
The kitchen isn't all that large and they actually cook food to order, so do plan to wait a bit for your meal.
This is a beautiful restaurant and deserves 5 stars.
The perch is amazing and be sure to get the loaded baked potato.
The sauce is spicy and absolutely perfect.
Then again we were in the south.
I have done some searching, but everything I have found seems to assume the characters are already in 24 hour format.
They also let us bring our own birthday cake and kept it in the fridge in the back and then cut and served it for us after blowing out the candles.
This still does not meet the original posters request either.
the prices are pretty amazing - you can easily do brunch here for under $10/person.
Such a wonderful trip to this place.
The baked stuff always smells delicious, but I have yet to indulge...
I need to reference the values of the array (which is within the main class) in my function.
The Cajun Queen is in one of these old homes, and this lends it a very intimate and warm atmosphere.\n\nOf course, atmosphere isn't everything when it comes to restaurants, but the food at the Cajun Queen was fortunately spot-on as well.
length field in Object Class Sorry if this question have been asked before.
But problem is when going to display subjects which are belongs to categories.
Since BASE is now the place where revision 125's changes were started from, you only get the changes that specifically happened in revision 125.
The food is wonderful and the price is great.
I need your assistant in updating the component in a JSF page once the non-ajax is clicked.
I can either be safe or be really screwed for a few weeks.\n\nMCN was really the only salon ranked high in a search in my neighborhood so I gambled and scheduled an appointment with Sara.
i want from another file to access some of the functions inside stud.c.
I enjoyed the laid-back feel of the place and the hustle and bustle of conversations struck an exacting balance.
If you enjoy German food, then this is the absolute BEST place in the area.
How to override erb with liquid?
The little door opens into an old, dusty space filled with used home items.
If you want to customize the macro, click ALT+F11 to get to the visual basic editor.
I am using MATLAB 2014b on Mac OS X.
I'm wondering if I need to assign a value to the hidden field "plan_id." Here's my subscription controller.
The is octal number, i.e., 8.
FREE SAMPLES while you wait in line.\n\nandy is the best -- hands-down.
Definitely my go-to for weekend brunch or hangover recovery in Pittsburgh.
I tested this by copying your code into Specifically, in your component, you have: You need to remove the double quote from that line.
Please let me know how to get hostname of API A?
If you need to avoid the final slide back to the first and just restart, I would suggest a slight change over Pushpesh's answer: });​ cheers
Once you head in, evaluate your security options.
Jmapping was exactly what I needed, but did not allow for your own background images.
Service was friendly, if a bit rushed.
I have to say thank you Cynthia Labriola for making me excited to go to the dentist again!
If the file still resists, force a change (add a new line somewhere in the file where it won't hurt anything) and try again.
Of course, without a pull request, this will only work locally for you.
This Dessert was after the meal!\n\nI would go back and get the Leak Soup, though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!
So when processing file1, awk will add column '1' to an array and we assign the whole line as a value to this array element.
That is probably the reason for the response.
Husband certainly couldn't convince me.\n\nI kid.
How can I build a OSGi bundle with maven that includes non-code resources from an OSGi fragment?
Now, in you have created a form that looks like Now as my explained under my first point, the instance variables that are declared in the action are shared by the rendered view, in this case object that you have defined in action is shared by the rendered in create action.
Yes, the thought crossed my mind!
When parsing text on a page iText amongst other things allows you to filter the text that is returned - see the FilteredRenderListener for example.
I visited the Melting Pot during restaurant week.
as for , it works because the resulting question, for the computer, is logical: select all the rows for which the difference between date1 and date2 is less then 10
Well, just do what the error message tells you.
Apache, mod_rewrite would be much better for this.
The sandwiches are definitely something to try.\n\nThe staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is cozy.
I became a fan of the Saucer years ago, when someone told me that there's beer beyond the Bud.
Edit: Ah I see you've declared a..h inside your methods.
At present I am not sure about the part where I should keep business logic.
though i don't spend time in the store, i always grab an espresso or latte whenever i'm in shadyside.
It was terrific and also came with hash browns and my choice of toast/pancakes/muffin.
Delete selected/all rows from gridview with javascript As the title says, I have a simple 5column/5rows GridView which represents a shopping cart in asp.net.
With 1.4 version of AngularJS, is it possible to create persistent cookies with $cookies?
We decided on Italian for the evening since my brother is a vegetarian and no one else was interested in dining at the Penguin Drive-Thru or Price's Chicken Coop.\n\nThe atmosphere is very relaxing and comfortable.
The purpose of handlers in non-MVC projects is to provide some type of encoded response, outside of HTML.
Note the grey border on the sides is related to the aspect rario of the Axes which is altered by setting , or or your ratio.
Went to the Capital Grille for dinner and ordered a Ribeye.
As far as the compiler is concerned, it doesn't need to know the actual name of the parameter when the function is being declared.
Abnormally high 4 stars from me, but today at lunch it was just amazing.
==== I have been thinking about the way I have been coding my plug-in and researching the internet on how to add/enable/disable menu items to an Eclipse plug-in.
We wanted local, seasonal food and were on a tight budget.
I had the Rindsrouladen...\nBraised Beef Rouladen stuffed with bacon, onions and pickle.
Is there a way to show something like a progress bar in ?
This is an optimum solution because the operation cannot be reduced further -- at each stage, your range is broken if another set doesn't match your set, so to check if the range is broken you must check all 100 bits.
You might also want to study other DICOM sources.
My mouth is watering as I type, Now you know this is a good place, if I'm drooling.
Edit: the question that was linked to mine as a "possible duplicate" spoke only of putting everything in the tag.
Today's review is for the floral shop at Metcalfe's - I worked with Sally Rossmiller for flowers for my wedding, and she absolutely outdid herself with the arrangements she created!
How to manage shared resources for several web apps in Maven AND Eclipse?
I need to use javascript to delete selected row and all the rows on button click.
\n\nSshhhhh, don't forget to also order their coffee and the donut.\nThe coffee is really an eye opener and the donut is ridiculously huge but so GOOD.\n\nMonty has made my Saturday happy!
I agree with many of the criticisms listed by other reviewers (chips not great, some dishes can be bland, etc), but Fiesta is still my favorite Mexican place in CU.
so i only have to fill in the empty answer instead of the whole form.
Membership includes free gun rental which allows the customer to 'try out' a variety of guns before making any purchase.
Chang's before since I'm Chinese and I'm not a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home (courtesy of my momma).
What the Inn lacks in amenities, it more than makes up with it's ambiance.
So is similar to , a way to safely represent an outcome.
First time ever in Pittsburg and had to have Primanti Bros.
braced – This group matches the brace enclosed placeholder name; it should not include either the delimiter or braces in the capturing group.
I cannot say enough good things about Walter's.
oatmeal, biscuits) I've ordered on occasion and liked them.
This is my first post here.
hooks in the shower stalls, perhaps locks to rent for the lockers?
There's no official or centralized django-html5-boilerplate package, but based on your problem, I'm guessing you're using the one created by mike360 on github If that's the case, in base.html , you'll find there the following bit of code: Setting will make it go away (which you'll have to do in production, so you'll still need to solve that staticfiles problem), but if you simply don't want to see it during development, remove it from the template.
This is a great place to grab a cup of coffee with a friend or meet for a work meeting.
For appetizers, we shared the calamari and buffalo chicken dip.
In IE 10 it does not.
I just adopted my second dog from this shelter, I think they're wonderful!
The resultset is potentially pretty large (hundreds, maybe a thousand, objects).
I also tried the dbms_metadata.get_ddl view, but it just says "Package PTAPI not found in schema for ".
I keep getting the error that Content of Element Declaration Must Match at line 13 column 58.
Using maths function Logarithm should do the trick, as your speed will reach a limit and distance will also use the same path, the effect will be smoothier.
they have added a great outdoor area for summer too..
Was warned they had a bit of a kick.
A little more info about what I'm doing if you're interested: I have a function U(x,y), of which I calculate the gradient and then check where it becomes 0, like this: that gives me my list of points.
He liked his Reuben a lot and the Cajun fries were good but too spicy for my tastes.
I would ask for her if you have the opportunity and she was the waitress on shift.
I told him my budget and what I was trying to do.
The last two commands simply rearrange the branch names.
It seems that I could not the primary column.
Very nice guys - they act like they can be your uncles!\n\nThe place hasn't changed since the late 80s.
For those who love crafting, Michael's is a godsend.
I was speechless once I took a bite of that cakey, breakfast goodness (the pancakes not the eggs!).
Great homemade chicken dumpling soup and a very tasty club sandwich.
I ALWAYS STAY AWAY FROM THE GROUND BEEF!
This is really neat as the more specifics parts of blueprints for method can be specified differently for different classes that are to possibly conform to the protocol, and the method can be made more minimalistic.
again , bring 300 bucks, if you cannot afford it, don;'t go.
He opted for the pasta salad as a side and said it was great.\n\nI want to come back sometime to try out the dinner options!
As we were driving I saw this place on the side of the road.
This way there is no jerk.
Provisional (1xx) responses MAY contain message bodies, including session descriptions.
This bypasses any type of load balancing, but gives direct access to each Virtual Machine.
You can then have a manually triggered CI task which pushes whichever commit is currently on staging to production as well (or even automate production deploys as well).
But , the values are totally different.
Everything seems really clean and open, and the clientele seem younger and hipper than some of the other salons I've been to.\n\nAdd the bulldog that roams around, and you've got a super great experience.
I really liked this airport.\n\nFor some odd reason this was my connection lay over airport both on my way from Dallas to NYC and Newark to LAX.\n\nThe airport is bright and clean and offers lots of shopping and dining options.\n\nI really liked the Mexican tequila bar.
It was good, comfort food that hit the spot better than Red Robin did.
\n\nOh, and if I wasn't such a bottomless pit, there would have been plenty of leftovers as the portions are plentiful.
I set the Web UI project as the Startup Project in my solution.
With the light rail dropping you off right outside the arena and the Epicentre across the street, there's no reason not to go see a couple games per year.
So in short: A non-blocking daemon that monitors a queue and runs a specific command!
Their omelets and other egg dishes I've tried were pretty standard.
The low-points in the graph all return to the same level so there do not seem to be any memory leaks between task runs.
I have always enabled integrated security on my web apps inside IIS with the assumption that the passwords that are requested on the client end will always be transmitted securely (encrypted) to my authentication server (AD/LSA).
My first half cooked Pizza!\n\nSo I have heard about Beto's for quite some time now.
The fried pickles are ridiculously good!!
My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side.
Perfect combination of down home feel, reasonable price and excellent quality mixed with neighborhood friendly service.
Do i need to use stud.STUDENT_SIZE?
But my problem comes up when I try to fill an ArrayList with the frames instead of writing them.
I've just checked, Ubuntu-14.04 didn't have python-3.5 in the official repos, but there's a bunch of dedicated PPAs.
Good Food, Good Beers, Better Prices.\n\nTry the Patio outback, you'll love it.
It may be appealing to optimize for performance only, but you do not want to be the one to explain to your users why they need to spend 10 minutes in creating a new quiz because "the database runs more efficiently".
I am, after all, a Wisconsin girl.\n\nThe boy and I went on some random weekday night in the winter.
Brick oven pizza is a favorite of mine.
I'd rather return just [1,2,3,4,5] rather than {"response": [1,2,3,4,5]}
Because let's face it - nobody likes airport parking.
its one of the most interesting downtown residential neighborhoods I've ever been in.
These 2 bundles are working perfectly when deployed in a single container (say in a one child container in JBoossFuse).
(How will the compiler know where is the definition/code for this procedure?) How can I receive the string sent from C in Assembly language, also how to return the integer to C from Assembly?
They have a good-sized pool and a big, comfortable lobby.
It's a little greasy sometimes, I'll admit.
If I could give it 4.5 stars instead of 5.0 I would, but I can't quite do 5 because I've been to other Pittsburgh facilities that have better court facilities and my own home courts out West didn't get a 5, so I can't be accused of bias, haha.\n\nPITC is just that, the Pittsburgh indoor tennis club.
Seriously, I ate as much as I could and handed the rest to my boyfriend.
\n\nI got the lunch deal which was a personal pan pizza (one topping of your choice) and a bottle of pop for about $7-$8.
Joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.
How to find the vertical and horizontal distance from the center of a rectangle For my current Java project I have to compute the horizontal and vertical distance from the center of a rectangle.
It's my go-to place for meeting friends for a meal when we want something tried and true with no froufrou.
I reaffirm my previous comments.\n\nGood service.
\n\nOnce everything was over I think it also took about 20 minutes to get my car back from the valet.
In my view I'm trying to access the $posts->hits; property.
The problem is that @flits is nil, presumably because your all_flits method is returning nil.
Let me start out by saying that many of the reviews here are unfair.
Here is what I have tried (app is an F3WebApplication) note:this code does work, I just need it to return more results: I've also tried app.connection.Query to then use queryMore but can't get that to work at all.
Good thing I did, I found the perfect vest to compliment the shoes (and once I got home I noticed it was reversible, BONUS!).\n\nYou know you had walked into an amazing business when you see that every non-filtered review here on Yelp is above par.
Btw, for small set, using lists is faster than sets even for querying.
Prices are super reasonable and portions are hugggge!
Figured it out, think I have been multiplying by 1000 when I shouldn't have, the following works
Will definitely visit the restaurant in the future!
lookup) - re: password = hashed, SSN - depends on usage I guess.
Worklight Java adapter invoke another adapter get I/O issue I have a issue when I try to call adapter (HTTP/MYSQL) from a Java adapter.
He even helped me get a grated version of one of the cheeses since I didn't want to go through the hassle of grating the block of cheese.
For example, last month they had a three-day cheese tasting event hosted by cheesemakers in town for the American Cheese Society Conference.
like i said, if you're going for the food itself, you should definitely check this place out, it's pretty damn good.
If I make a non-virtual function, I don't get the compile warning for that non-virtual function, but all answers up to now don't comprise the virtual stuff.
I'v change only one attribute in the node and called persists.
Everything on the menu is memorable.\n\nThis place is, however crowded and can be quite noisy and they don't take reservations.\n\nSomewhat food-allergy friendly, but no gluten-free pasta, and they could improve a bit on this.
The restaurant itself is nice and intimate, the only negative is that it's in Sharon Corners, which is a miserable shopping center to get in and out of.
jQuery time and date I am looking for a time output using jQuery, for example, would be great to know what time it is on the visitor's browser and the current day (friday,saturday,monday, etc...).
I ordered the vegetarian Kang Dang.
We'd be as big as houses...and not Mousehouses either.
To do this, you simply need do the following: Next, you need a function that will actually handle this event: In your case, you'd just need to add a call to the function to the body of .
The area was closed off by curtains so we couldn't see the great view this place offers but it was still a very functional space.
He offers wonderful advice on all things pet and is great about making himself available to answer questions if you call with a concern.\n\nThe staff is great as well.
I purchased 4 large window shades including multiple shades on one headrail for a large patio door.
The wienerschnitzel melted in my mouth.
While it was an all-u-can-eat offer, we really didn't have much more than small amounts of each, as all the portions were hearty and filling.\n\nThe wine list had a selection of $28 bottles that were not fantastic, but tasty for the price.
It gets super busy during lunch and between some of the landscaping and the layout, the parking situation can get pretty messy.\n\nOverall the staff is friendly and really cater to your needs while you are eating.
(remember to log out of SS before doing this fix) In your mysite/_config.php file change to Then you can develop the website in dev mode normally and to use the admin in live mode and avoid the bug you just go to: N.B.
I loved the sauce, some of the best I have had.
Lobster, shrimp, scallops, mussels, calamari over linguine with a light tomato sauce.
We have implemented exactly that kind of feature on the homepage of ilsschools.co.uk using client side onchange event: We get the element we want to refresh (i.e.
You can't go wrong with any schezuan beef or brocoli and beef.
The command is a bit tricky but mostly for the part.
EDIT: Here's the full code that's the problem: if content equals: the content variable gets put through the ajax call as: with an extra variable that is So how do u stop the ajax reading &amp;feature as a separate $_POST variable?
It's a big venue for a coffee shop, with a down stairs area with beautiful exposed brick and large opening windows that are great in the summer months, and also an upstairs area with many tables, a fireplace with sofas, and even a back private room people can rent out.
Now you will get your required result.
One suggestion to improve performance when it's all working: call once at the start of the method, instead of on every single loop iteration.
The bridesmaid dress needed to be taken in on the sides and again I think she had good advice and offered her thoughts to make it more fitted while still allowing me to move.
count tablename select [10] from tablename delete/update/insert statements have only temporary effect till hdb is restarted i'll update this list as when i come across more
I recently took my engagement ring into The Collection for resizing and I had a very nice experience there.
TIMTOWTDI But yes, using Text::CSV (or the faster Text::CSV_XS ) would be even better than trying to manually split the CSV yourself (what happens if there are spaces?
I went more for the experience with my friends and really enjoyed myself.
\n\nThe best things I've had here include a perfectly succulent pork shank and the flourless chocolate cake with berries.
They hooked me up with a lot of lotion samples for my travels!
Cute airport and obviously on its way to becoming a \""big\"" one.
you will find out the Text Effect Popup window in the application click on the Shape, new popup window will come out and it will contain some Word Art effect options, Please select and check the output.
I'm not a cornbread fan but I do love their cornbread.
Then you can convert to the format suitable for the database before you save and convert from database format to google maps format when you retrieve.
Capitol Plumbing has helped me out twice this month, once to install a water heater and then to come replace an outside spigot.
You can work around it with by using SSH API's, like Paramiko for Python.
Note that 1xx responses are not transmitted reliably.
Update: @karthik, your sample isn't complete enough for me to be able to fix it.
I had a taste of the salted fish, which I wasn't a fan of, mainly b/c it was fried, but the rice and peas, I enjoyed as well.\n\nHighly recommended hole in the wall for take-out foodies.
My table has: id title artist year beskriv tracks spotify date Since there's a lot of posts in the db how can I select specific entry's so that I can edit one album at a time?
It's delicious with the right amount of heat.
Key Features: fast tool, good for large scale software development projects, ability to detect partially created source code line for code coverage, provide reports in plain text, HTML, and XML formats Developer(s): Vlad Roubtsov License: Common Public License Latest Version: Emma 2.1 Tool for: Java programs Platform Supported: Cross Platform Download Emma OpenCover is a free and open source tool for code coverage checking for .Net programs.
This place is great and very authentic.
My question : After doing derivation.
The wife has wanted to try this place for some time now, so when a living social came out, I figured that I would buy one.
What should I do to compile it properly.
Thank you guys a great place great food!
Needless to say, not a hotel to go with small children.
\nCajun Queen is one of those big old Elizabeth houses, southern gothic, eclectically arranged and echoing blindly with voices from some other era.
The beds alone make it a good stay.
Cleaned the plate!\n\nI had heard rave reviews of the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding, so we had to share one for dessert!
I don't think that will make a difference in this case.
One way to rewrite is to use the statement in PHP.
Can anyone please tell me whats wrong?
And the binding you should simply bind to the Command.
(Note that the question is related to this: but the answer there will not work for this purpose.)
Is the problem my lack of skills or boost::spirit is not suitable to this format?
If you changed their order inside the controller signature you'll see that their initilization order is also changed ( comes before ).
I adore the huge open center with huge windows in the middle of the terminals that you will most likely see if you are hitting a connection - but you will see it quickly and at an interesting speed!\n\nI love the white rocking chairs, they remind me of being in the Philadelphia Airport.
And this was us restraining ourselves.
Each example is accompanied with a lot of well written documentation.
Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well.
Right the code in the after
The serving size was perfect, about 5oz of very tender breast meat, with accompanying vegetables and a small side of rice.
See crash 1, seems web core can't close it completely, is it blocked by other running threads?
Business at Ullrich's has been good recently, especially since they moved into their present location.
Per this link it is to externalize the search function from the portal.
He taught me proper movements, to alleviate some pain by less twisting and turning and how to elevate my lower half properly to take pressure off my spine.\n\nI could tell he was truly sympathetic to my case, and was detailed in explaining my diagnosis, in a way I understood just fine...Im one who appreciates visual learning the most, he had models in order to explain his findings to me.
unfortunately I am stuck at this issue.
In Penn Station on the way home, they post what train to board on 15 minutes before its departure, you board yet again with no bag checks or pat downs, and they check your ticket like 30 minutes after the train has left.
The last point was expected (although I can't get it to fit in the lifecycle diagram).
There's lots of live music, and a truly Irish ambiance.
She didn't think it was all that great and it was drowned in marinade which was a bit gross.
Some guidance would be really appreciated.
Looks very outdated with booths and a few pictures on the wall, including beer signs although they don't serve beer.
They also have educational board games that would be good for children (don't read that as boring either).\n\nWhy not five stars?
Where (in which directories) the intrepeter looks for rb files and libs is determined by the load path, which you can append using the -I options of the interpreter.
Looking forward to trying other dishes on the menu but so far, it's been good.
If I lived closer to Tega Cay, I would hit up their golf club restaurant regularly.
I've monitored the remote machine with top, and it shows no other processes and it has 6GB available memory, so basically Django should have full rein.
There is plenty of variety as well.
when we arrived, we put our names on the list and waited for about 10-15 minutes.
I had made 7 PM reservations for us and we arrived shortly before that to a table that was ready for us.
You need to study the HTTP RFC, in particular the part about content-length of requests.
I thought this is possible with fabric8 but it seems it cannot.
Here it is for your example: The code is quite general, so you can pass any section ids you want (they just need to appear in the correct order).
Now, what is the importance of it?
After network driver completes its work, execution will continue until ReadAsync, when thread will be released again until data is read.
Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness!
There are some plugins opening buffers that are never supposed to be represented in filesystem: for example, buffer with a list of currently opened buffers emitted by plugins such as minibufexplorer.
I'm not a huge fan of their 'yellow-fried' rice, but it's a price I can pay for the deliciously cooked chicken and at home atmosphere I feel.
Did I mention that I love the Southern charm?
The seating is not that abundant, however there is plenty of standing room, especially right next to the stage.\n\nI have seen quite a few great shows here and I would say it's an all around fun time, each time.
The front desk employees and lobby hosts were extremely courteous and really wanted to make sure we enjoyed our stay.
Condensing repetitive if statements I have the following code, which scans a directory and puts files containing "a" within its filename to a new folder A.
Assuming you are talking about the creation of dynamic objects: You'll obviously need a library to support this, unless you want to get into yourself - LinFu supported this in version 1: However, it's a feature that was dropped before version 2 I seem to remember.
It feels like you have stepped out of Charlotte and into a fairytale.
The steak was just ok and we really should've ordered the porterhouse but the sides were just rediculously good.
We want to explicitly convert this to UTC - which used to do for us out of the box for ASP.NET MVC.
I have done the usual stuff and it works perfectly fine.
The fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great, too.
The service is friendly and fast and the food does not disappoint.
We were then guided down to the floor for pre-game casual warm-ups, somewhat entertaining, but not really my thing.\n\nOff to the suite we went.
Is there a way to color spans of columns all the way down.
So, if you haven't given Casbah a try in the last decade, it might be time to visit again.
You could do something like this.
inserting multiple rows in sqlite using implode I have tried to insert multiple rows but got empty rows in database and other errors.
To get speedups with GPUs, you want to have lots of computation per data element because data transfer is so slow.
size 16 capacity 16 - Average copies per element is 15 / 16 = 0.938 size 17 capacity 32 - Average copies per element is 31 / 17 = 1.82 As you can see, every time the capacity jumps, the number of copies goes up by the previous size of the array.
I want to apply various operations to data files : algebra of sets, statistics, reporting, changes.
I dig how they have the nutritional info on their website so you can see what you're taking in.
Of course, you don't get the huge selection either, but this is my go to place for buying food, litter, and random toys.\n\nIt makes me feel good to be supporting a local establishment.
I noticed that I can read system properties with function.
The loaded dll is ddraw.dll 5.03.2600.5512 (xpsp.080413-0845) I need to check whether the display hardware has 3D acceleration (DDCAPS_3D).
C-U has always had better asian food than Chicago, but this dish, and it's always a little different, sends me to the moon.
This place is amazing and anyone who isn't giving it 5 stars is crazy.
They did look great and the stylist listened to what I wanted which was great but they faded really really fast.
My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the \""Crispy Scallops\"".
One of the best we've had.
That would give n equally distributed points including the endpoints.
For the accuracy you can manaually select training corpus which contains mostly used negative or positive words.
Is there a reason why this has been missed.
I would highly recommend this dish to anyone, whether you're a vegetarian or not.
Venture out there; it's a new world!
Have any of you encountered this problem before?
This place is excellent, the food is top notch, atmosphere is refined, and the waitstaff is professional.
It can't handle WIA device-specific problems for sure, but at least it is good for standardized behavior.
I think in your rather than you should either: or
My first complaint is that the parking for the Emergency Room (sorry, they call it \""Emergency Department\"") is on the opposite side of the hospital, over by the main entrance.
SupressFinalize is just something that provides an optimization that allows the system to not bother queing the object to the finalizer thread.
They do not need syrup at all.
Now that I am on stage of developing I don't always get entities fetched (I rarely do) and therefore I've got a question: Does that mean I have a problem or is it normal for "Test Flights"?
The pancakes were really good and I was pleasantly surprised since I didn't know what to expect.\n\nThe only reason why I am not giving this place 5 stars is that when we were done eating and ready to pay our waitress all of sudden brought me a pancake and said there was a shortage of pancakes so she was sorry.
Things ripped off/out of old houses, spare vending machines, cafeteria benches, even a pulpit.
Don't miss this opportunity to glimpse the past.
A bread basket with a variety of bread was brought with a small bowl of oil and cannelloni beans.
GooCalSync (openntf and LotusNotes-Google Calendar Synchronizer (sourceforce) are great examples of how to do this in Java.
If you would also like to add previews for audio and/or video files, and you would like these previews to be present in the list generated by Apache, you're probably better of with a client side solution.
The staff is very helpful and willing to help you with the experiments.
Please update your updateInput with following code This will assign the value of your input to cc2 var.
What I need is to sort this output by the numbers in asc or desc in linux shell.
But hey the man is an artist and I really wasn't expecting him to be as excited to start as I was.
But, using webdriver, I have other options to download a file, rather than maintaining the selenium profile.
It was also a great history lesson in civil rights and how its evolved over the past 150 years or so.
It uses your data string from your example.
Consider there is a QStringList fileNameList; which contains that full paths.
Open since the mid-70s the Double Door inn has hosted a ton of top acts and is always full of people who love music.
Unfortunately, we were too full for dessert but were presented with housemade salted carmels to end our meal.
Boy am I glad we did!
So if one user sent invitation to other he may update his sent list and also another user received list.
I understand what is this problem but I can't see why doing an angular copy causes another digest to be run...
Please order the sweet tea with any and every entree.
Prepare to empty your wallet here!
\n\n I've never once had a bad meal there.
I'm the first person to stick my nose up at Asian fusion, but hot dang, I had a wonderful meal here.
Please only paste previous links that are directly appropriate as I have been sourcing on SO and on w3school.
This is assuming you want to print the second word.
If you change it to (or whichever connection mode you like that doesn't require native libraries) you should be fine.
We're working on a new tutorial for writing CKAN extensions, you can see the draft version of the tutorial here:
The only thing same through which i can find those values is that through searching by text, if I have to find "Name" I need the code to first find text "Name" and the copy the value below the found cell.
The beer selection is both expansive and fresh (they open new taps frequently), and the food is excellent bar-food fare with some healthy salad-type options.
And pay attention to the possibility of further exceptions in the catch of finally blocks.
This is my favorite place to eat Chinese food on campus.
JSON works at EPUB-3 on iBooks.
Update Please people vote this question up if you think this post is useful even when some have considered it not good enough to give it negative points (very strange since it has a lot of views and seems it has actually helped to some users).
The pieces are sliced and the flavors just melt in your mouth!
the bar area (where smoking was legal) was too close to a lot of seats, therefore you'd inhale smoke all night and 2.
Change the color of the series line dynamically by month I have a series from Jan - Dec, the requirement is to update the last data point to grayscale colors.
Ex: I selected English, It will auto generate region code is en .
When it is , I get .
is not even in there and it should be all over the place.
Ive been here several times and will be returning several more.
We shared a bread pudding for dessert..
You can buy tea pots and infusers here to accompany your new loose leaf teas if you need something new or want to try different ways to drink tea.
The second set of error message probably related to the fact you are making a cross-domain request for a javascript file which is not subject to your headers being sent by PHP.
I can't see any image in this frontend.
I asked the front nurse for some tips on preventing an infection I keep dealing with and she just looked at me blank and said she didn't know.
Classes must have either one (and only one) constructor annotated with @Inject or a zero-argument constructor that is not private.
Any ideas how to obfuscate the gui elements?
Our food arrived about 20 minutes after ordering, with enough time to not be rushed through our appetizer.
The actual problem was I was not binding them both with another object.
My husband and I had dinner reservations so we were immediately seated.
I have been to other places where the polish washed off the next day.
Java Finalize Method similar in python I want to determine how can we determine if an object goes out of scope and perform some operations when object goes out of scope In java we have a finalize method which is called by JVM when an object has no more references.
They have a killer wine selection.
Great job with the remodel, and the outdoor patio is very nice as they put up a high enough fence to block the street and make it private, but it is lareg enough to be fun.\n Excellent liquor and beer selections at reasonable prices.
Evening waitresses we've had were all very friendly and gave great service.
I hope they get a better announcer and a better PA system so customers don't have to suffer through the distortion.
Or you can use a sentinel value as for example a null pointer or an empty string.
update UI in Task using TaskScheduler.FromCurrentSynchronizationContext I want to add some text to list box using and I simply use a button and place in click event this code: but it does not work and UI locked until the end of the for loop.
Especially a year ago, if I remember correctly, it was around ~$65 for Moet Champagne which was very cheap so we ended up getting two which I guess helped the night go by easier.
Since you can't use the default comparer, you can implement one like this And then just filter them like this.
Baklava is good, but not the best I've had.\n\nDefinitely a must try in Charlotte!
Context My project is divided into several maven modules and several web-applications.
Tasting the pepperoni, again there was this sweet undertone to it.
The flavor was mild and perfect.\n \n2.
If so, how have you fixed it?
Cool!\n\nAll this for under $100 a night.
I returned to the shop earlier this week with the other tire, which had been experiencing an annoying slow leak.
\n\nThis restaurant is definitely a place to go for special dinners and occasions.
How do I tie in my image handler with an image control?
1) Option one reduce li font size if client is ok with it font-size: 0.75em; This worked for me and you the search bar was fixed.
Using jQuery's unwrap() to remove a class I want to remove the class of from all tags that have that class in a specific cell of the table.
I also made sure that the signature and app name were put into the strings.xml file.
Snow won't be out until around september, so you have leopard.
If goal is to check is value not null, The annotated element must not be null.
Alternate code using environment variable DATE with expecting that the expanded date string ends with: , e.g.
When it comes to airports, for me, Charlotte is definitely at the top of the heap.
They are so yummy and buttery, but a bit heavy if you are going to eat your entire meal.
The following regex will strip the first and last slashes if they exist,
What should the game do during the time waiting for a valid playerID?
Love this place and highly recommend it.
We always want the bookings to be instigated by the user directly on the website, and the *.ics via email is merely a convenience to help them remember to attend.
It will possibly remove thin lines inside the whitish paper, which is good because then you will end with tiny connected components which are easy to discard.
i try isEqual: also instead of " == " Here is my Code Datasource and delegates are same for all then why if is not getting true for 2 GMGrids??
Kitchen was just wrapping up a re-model, but they extended happy hour to accommodate and the food was pretty darn good.\n\nThe happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice.
I had the cole slaw (which was more like sauerkraut) and it was yummy.\n\nI am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable, even after the lunch rush ended.
I know I can make it with replace command.
Jquery push all li's ID's into array I need to push all my ID's into an array, both ways I've tried this only pushes the first ID into the array: This returns the correct number of items in the array but with the ID of the first li or this returns a single item with the first li ID thanks
Charlotte, NC is know for their gerbil tunnels between office complexes.
Most of our continuously expanding tool suite is based on machine learning methods and thus is domain- and language independent.
After that our squid pasta came out which was some squid that looked julienned and then seared with some shitaki mushrooms and asparagus on top of a bed of garlic sauce.
On weekends, though, and Thursday nights, it gets a lot more crowded--pretty packed, in fact, so it's definitely got a different feel on those nights.
You need to initialize your new structure with zeros.
I just draw a basic HTML page with following code: Here is style.css: The purpose is straightforward.But the css looks crap.even some problems.I want to ask some questions: 1.The left and right margin of container is 70px, and the same to top-menu, but from chrome page view,why does it not aligned?
Get a martini\nOr anything else they have\nThis place is heaven\n\n\n(b)
I purchased movie tickets at 3 pm for a 5:30 pm movie.
You could write a base class like this: Then, if you define a class like: It can be accepted anywhere an is expected:
First time, we were seated in one of the booths right at the entrance.
\n\nAlso it should be said - the waitresses here deserve major praise.
What is a good way to merge two xml files together so that I can deploy the correct settings to the correct environment?
If you update the table every view seconds, however, your users will going to hate you and down-vote your app.
Very nice place with a rich selection at expected premium prices.\n\nI love that there's a cozy place in town where you can get tea from all over, funky sweet or salty licorice, and a huge selection of chocolates.
It's a lil bit small but have everything you need.
The steaks are also very good.
EDIT: Completely my fault, was slightly misleading in my original post, this is my complete code:
There are chairs and tables out there.
I love this place and they have a special showing of all their shows I think at least once a month called 'Pay What You Can Night'.
He also fits me in right away (though it is a good idea to call ahead - they do get super busy because of their sheer awesomeness and small size).
If you let object or properties be publically visible, it is possible for other classes to references them and it could prevent GC of your class (it really depends how it's referenced and all).
The beef and broccoli was my personal favorite, but all of the dishes were quite good.
I think the closest collection you'll get from the framework is the SortedMap
The fresh cheeses look great as do the olives, though to be honest I haven't bought any yet.
the water park is fun too!
Dorn was no more than 2 weeks after my adoption of my dog.
I was able to accomplish this by creating a new column where I assigned values based on the row's code, but since this needs to be done on multiple tables with millions of entries, I can't use that method.
Service is always great.\n\nThe bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink, to hang, and to meet others.
Just a note, when using .mask() function, you have to call it to a DOM element, which means you should use it either with or I've never used it with .body
I did the stadium tour and the lady who gave it was great.
However his script would only create rows in 'user_settings' once a user decided to modify their settings.
I have a small and simple MySQL code.
Now if your codebase is small, then the amount of code you need to change is limited.
Oh man, I'm getting hungry typing this
You could programmatically extract the jar file, the update one file that will prevent the application from running anymore, then rejar it.
The SportsCards have to be stored in a CardBook.
Right now, there is also an avant-garde jewelry exhibition at the museum.\n\nIf you're new in town, appreciate art and are looking to meet people, I'd recommend checking out the Young Affiliates of the Mint.
The editor itself is contained in an iframe with class .
Art gallery on the first floor\n5.
Fiori's is always great pizza - especially when you're on the way home from town and hungry.
I wouldn't want them to change that anyways.
What you need to focus on is usage.
Suppose you need to open a secure file which requires the users to authenticate themselves.
I got a 5 line code and I got exception in that.
Reminds me of the old style Italian restaurants that used to be in Bloomfield when that area was just a horrid place to go.
A big pot of chocolate and then cheesecake, rise crispies, bananas, strawberries, red velvet cake and marshmallows all to dip into it.
Their no-nonsense, \""soup-nazi\"" style fits with the classic blue-collar Pittsburgh motif this place is still holding on to.
Robin the waitress is a joy to have while visiting!
Very nice room with views of downtown Charlotte.
) in the file and the definitions (the implementations, e.g.
Your Friday night just got a lot more exciting!
My new friends took me here and I've been going back since.
I've never been on a course like this.
I always try to hit this location when I'm in town.
I am newbie in using of await/async and windows phone 8.1 programming.
then generate a random number between 1 and 8 using ;.
I was able to convince two shoppers to change to it also from the crappy food they were giving their dogs.
This could probably be accomplished with the HtmlAgilityPack, but there is also a CodeProject project that does exactly this with a bunch of ugly RegEx searches.
I want to make a function that can read each term in the input and recognise what actions need to be taken (e.g.
None of the above seem to have worked.
Dismiss ModalView does not work here So I have a tabBarController as a modalview, and it shows up fine.
The compiler is allowed, in certain circumstances, to skip calls to the copy constructor.
Our event coordinator was a bit worried because there were several different people involved (e.g., space, food, parking, etc.) but everything went smoothly and we'll likely host the interviews there again.
Here's the link to the shop: Cheers Joe :)
Smoked salmon appetizer was as good as the other yelpers say and the portion was humongous.
Before then, the Steelers were a terrible team.
So glad I popped in here!
If these objects are logically equal when their fields are equal then you may go with equals and use methods defined for the collections.
Go in, get lots for awhile...
I am using CGI.pm to write out cookies.
\n\nThe store offers notary service, and they know the restrictions for notarizing which will save you time!
The parameters need to be bound when executing the query of course: Also note: from your code it seems you are issuing queries in a loop.
My idea is to count runtime of the function and if the time cross some line (for example 10 seconds) it repeats the code.
What i wish to do is to Duplicate that folder(with its contents) and have a prompt come up to input a new name for that folder.
My boyfriend had the penne with meat sauce which he liked, but his portion was noticably smaller than mine- I think the meat entrees are prob a better deal.
Lot 17 on Liberty Avenue in Bloomfield serves up bar food nirvana!!!
EDIT 1: To be clear I think the below should return true by default.
I'd hate for you to be turned away from such an awesome practice because of their rudeness and unhelpful attitude) by a referral of a friend/co-worker.
Check Why Add this in controller and remove this Check Why Add this in form below the respective input fields Or add Check Why CodeIgniter Form Validation Example
Demo: You could always create a function like the following, but be careful of recursion!
I have LAMP on my computer.
I've run into the exact same issue (with a different password of course).
\n\nThe Jerk Chicken Mac n Cheese was very good too.
AND you get FUEL POINTS for wasabi-covered soy beans.
Since you're using WordPress, the propper way of doing this is to send a JavaScript variable with in : The above will add a JavaScript variable that's accessible in all your pages.
Ruby, Tor and Net::HTTP::Proxy My apologies in advance if this is a noobish doubt: I want to use a proxy in my Ruby code to fetch a few web pages.
I do of course &amp; them together to initially check if there's any common bits at all.
Love this place and the people that run it.
Definitley check this place out if you have not yet.
One roti canai, one Malaysian chili shrimp and a peanut pancake for dessert.
Your best bet will be to learn Objective-C.
I wish the bar was better, because if it was I'd go here more often.
The love I have for this restaurant is intensified if you have tried their spinach and ricotta ravioli, in this creamy tomato sauce.
It's a little hard to visualize Ovens and the Knight being in the same \""center\"" so this was a wise decision.\n\nAnyway, they do a great job bring quality entertainment to the QC.
yes, this is all possible, if you could give us an example of what you want, maybe with a screenshot or something, then we can help you with some code examples
Why did it deallocate the activity and call instead?
WPF VisualBrush stretches instead of tileing I've got a VisualBrush on which I've set the TileMode property to Tile.
Prices are good considering its the south.\n\nWhen I flew out of here to go to Paris, the experience was seamless, and reminded me of leaving from JFK.
While this isn't much of a concern for standard PCs it is for small embedded devices.
Fixing this may be hiding a bigger problem (Eg.
They all exuded calmness, which was important to me.
This then allows us to create multiple deck and hands easily because these objects encapsulate and manage their data.
Furthermore, I need to lowercase all of the text.
So the aggregation framework alone is never going to produce a bare array of just the values as you want.
However, if that approach doesn't suit you.
Redirect the DataContext Log property to Console.Out or a TextFile and see what query each option produces.
Made me say hmm I don't think I want to go back if I'm visiting my grandma on the weekend again.
I could be wrong, but it just didn't have much flavor.
The experience in a pub is just that much more enjoyable when accents are involved (especially with hot guys).
How to auto refresh list of session array items on submit?
It's not really in the hotel but it is.
We both enjoyed our meal and would recommend both menu items.
We had a nice stay here.
Can someone help me figure out how to accomplish this?
One activity contains one fragment and this fragment contains one RecyclerView.
Since you crosspost, I crossanswer :P IMHO crossposting is bad and you should delete one of the questions.
Because in one case its a pointer and in the other a reference: int a=&amp;x means set a to the address of x - wrong int &amp;p=fun() means set p to a reference to an int - ok
Tons of new TVs so you can see the game from any angle.
I have 2 templates that I include, posts.html.haml And home.html.haml I've commented both files, and still the error is given.
On our most recent trip in the area, stopped at the gas station attached to the restaurant fo some quick snacks and of course BAKERY.\n\nIf you are driving by and see the sign for The Pine Cone Restaurant - Take the next off ramp and stop it.
I read an article by Rocky Lhotka (.NET legend, inventor of CSLA, etc) where he mentioned, almost in passing, that last year he felt very terribly overwheled by the rate of change.
how to dice up the array I have an array like this (below is the var_dump) I want to two HTML tables.
\n\nHere's a tip: Drop off your stuff on Wednesdays.
How do I validate my email submission on php?
Consistent and delicious with great flavors of the mediterrean.
\n\nThere were a few things I disliked about the Korean BBQ at Sushi Kim though.
Need to continuously record video and save to file 1.
Fried Okra and Sweet Sweet Tea!
Instead of the you access your questions by but do not forget to increase the counter each time.
I also volunteer for the Humane Society of the United States and travel around the countryside working on dogfighting raids, cruelty, hoarding, natural disasters, and the ARL has never said no to me when I ask to bring animals back from incredibly sad or inhumane situations.
Just because English isn't someone's first language doesn't mean they don't understand.
You might want to check out: Linqer is a SQL to LINQ converter tool.
There were so many things, I can barely remember.
I get by just fine with the choice of Bad Daddy's (if I'm hungry) or Beaudevin if I just want to have a relaxing beverage while I wait for my flight.
It wasn't very crowded; I was surprised at how quiet this place was.
Just change your loop to: is necessary because has type which would be printed by not the way you want.
I couldn't find any article relating to the subject(only one, which had no solutions).
First, there are command line tools such as the PowerShell CmdLets and the CLI tools found at If you only need to script these calls to delete the deployment these will work for you just fine.
You could use ExternalInterface to tell the browser that the app is ready and than focus on the app.
The room has free Starbucks medium roast coffee, with coffee maker in your room.
Order whatever you like...it all looks great!
My teacher wouldn't expect anything too complicated because we are still in programming I.
This is where my current profile picture was taken.\n\nThe second floor features temporary exhibits, and right now they have brought back \""Courage: The Carolinas Story That Changed America.\"" The first lawsuit filed for degregation was filed in Clarendon County, SC.
The tour guide was EXTREMELY annoying (very, very peppy) but the tour was still pretty interesting.
the hotel meets the proper standard marriot network and meet the expectations.
I received the band today and it looked brand new.
\n\nFor my second experience with people's I decided to order take out.
She then told me that even though they were very busy, I could stop by before my appointment so that Tim could check things out and make sure my car was safe to drive.
Use wherever possible in your "library" methods.
This particular location has really friendly employees.
Personally I try to stay away from the steakhouse chains, but the palm is topnotch.
It's remained on their menu for the 13 years they've been around so obviously they have it right.\n\nThe bread -- was delicious, but I noticed the tables next to us all got 2 pieces each and we only got one.
They had a remodeled a few years ago, which opened the front of the restaraunt and they they've created a patio of sorts that is perfect for outside dining when the sun decides to shine.
Better to install meta-package build-essential that consists of all typically needed soft for compilation.
You want to call not .
They were slightly crispy on the outside, sweet and savory.
So the is basically try product yourself kind a app.I am able to do all this stuff but finally when the user is done with trying that product and if he want to save that final picture containing applied product, he will click the save button.I don't know how to save this final picture which will contain images from two image views.
I am working on a huge project and I don't know what other settings/configurations might be in place.
This is an issue with the simulator.
And you can find the entire solver code here: (or see below.) Each time I use a formula from the paper, I added its number as a comment.
To utilize all available features, you need to add document type and to your pages:
I flew in via South West and out, via American.
I ate here this past Friday evening with my girlfriend for dinner.
Some patients pay monthly, some weekly, and some every other week.
Parking can be a challenge at times.
He could've paid just slightly more attention to our table.
The only thing I buy here is seaweed wrap, but other than that I avoid buying grocery here.
For our entrees, my bf got the duck which was underseasoned, and the fat was jot rendered out correctly.
The service was great and the prices weren't bad either.
What I am trying to do: I have the Trending entity that has a relation OneToOne to the Playlist entity.The playlist entity has a relation ManyToMany to the Genre entity.
\n\nAlso the cheese is the cats meow at this place to don't even bother putting toppings on your pizza.
FabricJS export relative to canvas I'm building a authoring tool in FabricJS which is meant to export something for android devices.
I've had curry chicken, shrimp fried rice, chicken soup, shrimp egg roll.
It lists all the plugins which any of an existing job uses (pressing on the expend button to see jobs names):
Mama Ricotta's is my ideal Italian restaurant.
I went to a few other places and this one is definitely the best.
Mac OS X how many NSNotification centers are there on a workstation-mac Short question on a workstation-mac (MacPro) I found 3 NSNotification centers: call (swift) Are there any more NSNotification centers?
The Issue After a very minor logic change, my final will no longer write to the specified range.
The sandwiches are big with quality cuts of meat.
The gyoza were perfect - served with a chile oil and soy sauce.
The class doesn't implement - so how would you expect that cast to succeed?
That is: all the values match, to be determined using sql?
Dieser Airport ist f\u00fcr einer der Sch\u00f6nsten und Gem\u00fctlichsten.
I was using LocalizeStrings.resx files to apply based on which language is on current thread.
You may need to tweak the return value etc.
Anyone know how to pickup the node with namespace and special character in the node name ?
This allows the application to restrict the user's ability to open or close the given drawer.
For that I have followed the steps as: 1) Created the Hive Scripts which contains --> create table, load data statement in Hive with some file and select * from command.
Example Array[5] = 4 Or Array[3][1] = 17 I really have no idea how to go about this.
FrameLayout click event is not firing I have used Framelayour for click event and It was working fine before 2 days but don't know wat happend now it is not working.
And the prices are extremely reasonable.
I've read the MathJax documentation for adding line breaks automatically but it seems to have no effect.
If you are from out of town, go here.
It has a "rank" parameter, which could somewhat indicate the relative interestingness for tourists.
There are little paths that you can walk to with privacy.
TO is an acronym for Transfer Object .
Also disabling the didn't help removing the backup sets.
Lets assume the app is already installed on the user's device, but the app is not running.
Are these the right schema types for generating the search results snippet shown in the picture?
Login fails after upgrade to ASP.net 4.0 from 3.5 I cannot log in using any of the membership accounts using .net 4.0 version of the app.
I had a portabella mushroom sandwich, and at no point did I wish I'd just ordered a burger.
Also, it's considered exceedingly rude to go poking at someone's values.
This will probably lead to pipe() not doing what you expect, you'll check errno, and presumably get a useful answer.
I edited the original header file "visa.h", and prefixed with Q_DECL_IMPORT every object in the file, and also made sure that the extern "C" statement be present.
Good takeout, but still - it didn't seem heightened in any way.
At the very end, the owner came by our table and had a word with us too.
There was no sogginess in the bun at all.
The perfectly balanced tonkatsu sauce was a pleasant surprise.
I have written this module before using PHP and ckeditor but the biggest problem I had with this is after the form was written and edited it would never come out looking exactly like it did in the wysiwyg editor.
Staff was very friendly and the room was nice and quiet with a good view of the city.
In the same way, anonymous methods can access local variables as well, which is a very powerful mechanism of combining together a state and a piece of code that operates on it.
I started by creating a simple GUI application with all the default settings.
If you're into old houses, reserve at least 30 minutes to get through the whole store and you won't be disappointed.
We arrived at the station, parked our car, hoping parking was free (it was), stepped out with our luggage and entered the station.
The ingredients were fresh and flavorful; just like Italian food should be.
Almost everybody names classes with uppercase initial and constants with all-uppercase.
\n As for the service, it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.
Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer, which is a nice touch.
Most of the issues can be handled by slight changes in habit.
To top it off, the Bobcats run special deals in their pro shop and have lots of sponsors willing to treat fans during the timeout breaks (e.g., boxers, t-shirts, pizza, Bojangle's).
Get: Select: None of this works for me, am I making this up or how is it?
For example, if I write interfaces to a bunch of related functions/methods/procedures/predicates/classes/whatever by declaring and naming a common structural type and then using that everywhere, it's very likely that some of the code units don't need all of the features of the structural type, and so I have unnecessarily constrained some of them to reject values on which they could theoretically work correctly.
And for half price, or less!!
My drink came in a can, however it was accompanied with a frosted-mug and fresh lime.
I want to know more details.
The volunteers make this place feel like home its awesome!!
or even the music their own group exercise classes play upstairs.
He could have taken my money but he was honest and said the jacket didn't need tailoring.\n\nHe helped me understand his work and also took the time to explain how he completed the tapering, so that I would know which sizes and fits would best be altered.
The replace is to get rid of the newline (may be different on different OSes, I am running Windows) character which is there for some reason.
Once created, however, "getters" and "setters" are simply methods that allow you to access private members of that object.
import sys import -rest of python modules needed- import whatever import -rest of application modules- Yes, excellent choice, and popular too.
Here's the HTML part, I'm just using text first: Thank you very much!
He is also so kind to my daughter - who loves to go with daddy to get his hair cut.
I use Robotium Framework for Android testing purpose and manually take component_id or index id or else part of Widgets from Hierarchy Viewer to put value at runtime for testing purpose.
Great way to spend some free time on a weekend, definitely.
JSP download from intranet I need to read binary file from intranet http server and get it to download to public.
If the answer is "no", and the source code is available, that's what you might have to do, so that MinGW will recognise the exported symbols in the library object file.
I have to end up going through this airport in order to go to Boston, which is why I am so acquainted with this airport.
My next goal is to connect these webparts together right after all this, thus enabling the end user to create pages, based on the layout, containing by default the two webparts connected together (right now everything works except for the connected part).
like regarding first example you are registering an anonymous function and it will get executed when the happens.
The store is always well staffed and the staff is helpful and friendly.
So I added this: but this doesn't seem to work.
Who ever heard of fries with your burger/dog?
The error is being returned because the conditions being evaluated are not short-circuiting - the condition is being evaluated even where the postal code is non-numeric.
I can't believe I never reviewed this one before.
Below is what I'm using now.
val and text are functions, you must add () to call them and get their results.
The lobby is big and inviting and there's free coffee and wi-fi.
For this scenario I think you don't need to make any grouping, you can just find all the you are interested in.
The default for a view (and thus your fragment) is VISIBLE.
You may use 000webhost.com (free) to create your database.
Use OAuth 2.0 to authorize the request.
For example: Does this mean it will adjust/fit to any extent or window size?
I ordered a pepperoni and sausage slice, and the small feast that was presented to me did not disappoint.
There shall be no further limitations on specific employees.
regular email link You can pass subject, body, cc, bcc strings as query URL parameters on a mailto link, for example: Using this method you won't be able to fill the attachment.
\n\nThree of us shared the Texas onion (similar to OB bloomin onion) but we liked this version better.Wild west shrimp was also shared.
It's the best Chinese on this side of town.
you probably need to bind the context of the function.
How do you use @Inject with an ejb-jar with (one or more) WAR files?
I ended up starting with a goat cheese, beet and orange salad.
I registered a CacheEventListener in order to get a notification (notifyElementExpired) in case of element expiration.
This is my code: My suggestion was that the Sony ROM doesn't deliver an valid PHOTO_URI but it looks legit.
I am using the following code.
I am from Pittsburgh, but now live in Detroit and I think about Girasole often as a special place to go when you want some great Italian comfort food, and a loud, bustling atmosphere.
Even in the city of Chicago you will not find a chicken strip as good as here.
In particular, when I deploy any in Tomcat using Eclipse...
I think there is an easier way to locate the paste message, though.
I can't think of anything due to my food coma but it was all five stars!
The problem appears to go away when you go download and install the new command line tools for 6.3.2.
I've been to a number of NBA arena's and while the team isn't doing so great, the arena really is top shelf.\n\nGreat sight lines (especially when you are courtside!), excellent customer service all around, and incredibly handy from a location perspective.
You want all three changes on the MayBranch&ndash;123, 124, and 125&ndash;to be merged into your AugustBranch.
My wife and I donate blood and platelets every 6 weeks.
I found a nice tool for correct handling *.jpg files on Android platform with uncommon colorspaces like CMYK, YCCK and so on.
Well, that's just the nice part of visiting the Southerners.
\nIf you get hungry and have time to eat, the cafeteria had very good choices.
This seems ok until you consider that some countries require omitting the 0 at the start of the number, and others don't.
The marketing person who told them that was a good idea should be shot, tarred, feathered and then shot again.\n\nNot open on Sundays!
Is there a way to accomplish this without needing to specify the class?
I have managed to do it on the actual dropdown, just not the option you see selected.
Letting go of the unnatural expectation that every bite of food you eat from a celebrity chef restaurant will be life-changing, you will have a pleasant and positive experience at Lidia's.
These results make me believe it's not a case of the server closing the connection, even though that's usually what SIGPIPE means (why did it run fine when there was no call to ?).
The information about the initial runtime of the action is not available (got lost).
You are overwritting the first value in your variable "myAjax" by assigning it a second value.
I wonder if any of these are running asynchronously
Their Egg drop soup is sooo good as is the General Tso's, and they deliver FAST!
They even have a beer club.
2147483647 is a small number, for example current China and India population is more then int 32.
And your prediction can be wrong.
In Windows Mobile (5/6) SDK, where did windns.h go?
Still, it was pretty easy to find the collections that most interested me.
JWU Student Assistants to help you.
Usually a full time stinger working too, so getting your racquet re-strung same day usually isn't an issue.\n\nOne point to mention...only cash or check...no plastic.
The default value is the regular expression [_a-z][_a-z0-9]*.
A static pivot query to give you the output you want might look something like this: There are two lines that your dynamic SQL generator would have to keep updated, they are marked with the comments.
This strike me as odd- Why do you use as opposed to The way it is, your not releasing your strings.
Nservicebus failing to start on localsystem I recently upgraded to v4.6 of nservicebus and when I am trying to start locally using services.msc, it is throwing error "services on local system started and stopped".
Definitely a great way to entertain 50-100 people.\n\nI hadn't been to a game in a while and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the turnout.
Lots of comfy leather chairs, you feel totally at home here.
The method then proceeds to load (import) the class if it's not already and then finally calls return new $tableClass($db); So $tableClass is just a dynamic variable based on the $type argument.
ok, this is a little hard to explain ...
What you probably see is the "residual" incremental highlighting that would go away if you used .
I'm upgrading to 4 stars.\n\nFrom Aug.
Note also that you have to call the DOM form element's submit method, not the jQuery method, so that the jQuery event handler is not triggered, which would cause an infinite (and totally ineffectual) loop.
I had my heart set on another restaurant.\n\nTHEN I SMELLED BARBECUE.\n\nI literally followed my nose, and ended up at Fat Jack's.
It had an incredible depth of lobster stock flavor.
My dad got a steak salad that was delicious.
I ended up recreating the affected views after swapping two items.
Change the background color of the inner span to match the primary background color.
In one panel there are components for the user to input various parameters.
is run by WordPress through the filters and .
What the regex has to look like is actually: Or shortened as much as possible: I guess you will have to change how appears (some string manipulations) or input it manually.
You seem to be using JQuery correctly.
oh, and it's closed on sunday...which is always the day you start to crave a po' boy.
I ordered a three tiered cake with an intricate design, 5 addtional 8 inch cakes for the dessert table, and 8 dozen cookies.
here's the code hope u can help me.
When the running thread is switched, the leaving thread's stack pointer is saved and the new thread's stack pointer is restored -- just like all other registers.
there's plenty of room to sit down (bar, table, \""loft\"" upstairs with a bar and a few tables).
C# converting int to hex This is a small snippet of the code I have written in Visual Studio.
\nBefore you enter the store, there're carts of used books on sale (think $4 for a hardback) on the sidewalk.
Shame I can only visit and this place on occasion; each meal I've had here has been nothing short of satisfying.
You can accomplish this with ::before and ::after without knowing the width of container or background color, and to achieve greater styling of the line breaks.
Prices are varied, depending on size and medium and of course the artist.
First, I love CTR's coffee.\nSecond, this location has great batistas and it's less congested than other CTR'S I've been to.
I'm following a Railscast (#288) but I'm getting the impression there a are few things that Ryan isn't mentioning explicitly.
What's not to love?\n\nYep, it's probably only going to last a season or two.
But make sure you do not block the Event Dispatch Thread, or it will freeze until completion.
Create a recursive function: Semi-psuedo: then, you can use CSS to adjust the padding, margin, etc
Any other ways this can be done that I am not thinking of?
\n\nThank you for your niceness and your prompt response.
I took about half of the portion home, but I finished it off that night because it was so delicious.\n\nI really loved this place, and on a Friday night, it was EMPTY.
If you have sensitive skin or don't want your products tested on animals, go here!
Change the database tables collations types to and also table fields collations change to .
You can use both your examples without a problem.
Their pipe tobacco blends are fantastic, I recommend RLP-6.
They are used to model text for speech recognition, OCR error correction, machine translation, and a variety of other tasks.
I'm sure there are other alternatives.
WAMP crashed after computer shutted down Wamp doesn't work since my computer suddenly shutted down (having run Wamp), yet before that it was working fine.
Since it was also put as a \""couples\"" pedi, we were sitting next to each other with a nice view of the pool area and the golf course.
If there are no matching items to a state, I would display a message "no options found" I am pretty sure I have seen this done on portfolios somewhere, but I really have no clue on how to achieve this.
This is what I did: 1) I socket dial only once (during initialization) 2) The POST-section is running inside a loop infinitely.
It may not be authentic, but it is delicious, for sure.
Note: if I use the php function setcookie('my_name', 'my value goes here') then it works fine, it just I can't make it work with codeigniter's cookie helper.
I know of at least one person whose performance rating was marked down for an 'accuracy percentage' less than one percentage point below average (when the typical margin of error from the calculation method alone is around two to three percent).
You'll understand that Charlotte is really rich in history, but that history hasn't been well-preserved.
We will rent from these folks again, no question, next time we're in town (but also making sure we do an extra-thorough read-through of the fine print before we sign anything!).
I wasn't exactly sure how to eat it, but figured it out, and it was very good, different but good.
If developers put in honest effort and despite this the deadline was missed, it means that the deadline was unrealistic to begin with.
It was a great start to a great day at the Strip.
so if this is needed you have to write more sophisticated code like or depending on if you want to support inherited options or not.
One of my favorite places to spend a break, whether it's between classes or during work.\n\nIt doesn't offer enough food on the level of their gyros to warrant a five-star rating, but it deserves a strong four.
Follow the water marks on the ground to wear they carried the coolers to and you'll find help)
Since a variable's type is inherited along with its name, reusing nested functions can give you inexpensive polymorphism, like a limited and primitive version of templates.
I really like Java Detours drinks.
Just populate the table in database from the user response.
To do this, right-click on the Solution abd choose "Project dependencies" from the pop-up menu.
Running ant as administrator...through Eclipse I just inherited a project that uses Tomcat to serve JSPs, but Apache to server Javascript...
I am building a native Bonjour / Zeroconf library and need to build DNS query records to broadcast off to the other machines.
I can't wait to go back and try others dishes!
PEP 0302 describes the mechanism in detail.
I've never had a problem with service.
Thus they build by byte codes and other basic constrcts.
No swimming at your own risk here- smaller kids even have to complete a swim test to earn access to the water slides and unattended entry into the full size pool.
Oh El Toro, how I miss you so!
(Fortunately they have an ATM on site but the fees!)\n\nAll my complaints aside, I did enjoy my pizza.
And as for the basketball viewing, I was really impressed.\n\nEvery year for the last Carolina - Dook basketball game of the year, the Carolina Alumni holds the event at the Visulite.
\n\nOne last thing: many of you may already know that they take expired coupons, but you may also want to know what the helpful girl behind the counter mentioned to me: that they accept ALL competitors coupons as well - Macy's, TJ Maxx, linens and things, jcpenney, etc.
Multiple multiple linear regression I have 40 SNPs and want to see the effect each individual SNP has on the age of menopause.
Finally, I got the scallop omelette and they had no issue giving me my favorite home fries as the side instead of the grits.
This place like many Chinese restaurants does some things better than others.
This process is handled by the Android .
If there's sequence of messages of the same type and channel (eg all controllers or all notes) then MIDI can save a number of bytes by omitting the status byte.
Here is the code which I have used to open the cash Drawer attached to the printer.
On a personal level, I don't really care for breakfast food for lunch and since you have no other choices, it's not my thing.
If anyone could point me at some good resources I'd also appreciate it (I've read Rapid GUI Programming but find I'm still lost).
I managed to make a normal rectangle with TPolygon onto the bitmap32 canvas, but I cant find any reference to drawing rounded corners.
According to (DnsQuery_W), DNS query libraries are available on Windows Mobile / CE developers for versions 5.0 onwards.
The biggest exception is if you have a "go to line xxx" kind of capability.
My boyfriend and I have eaten here a few times, and so far, we have been very pleased with the service and quality of food.
What I found was old band aides that did not seem to move for days left around the pool and inches of standing water where you are supposed to wring out your suit NASTY !!\n\nI found my way back and like the Prodigal son who returns home after making mistakes I am back and I am happy!!
It appears she does most of reweaving and her mom helps out with more simple alterations and such.
fontawesome + rails 4.0.1 not working I am using fontawesome 3.2.1 and bootstrap 3.0.0 in my rails 4.0.1 project.
Caterting was done right near the escalators.\n\nI didn't eat the restaurants on location since most of the meals were taken care of by the conference but I did check it price...
Creamy, no skin, no dill, just the way I like my potato salads.
If you need I can post the part of my code with java nio.
Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches.
So REST requests can be transformed into those commands and queries which can be handled by the domain logic.
We left empty handed and drove straight to Office Depot, where I purchased a $90 (vs $25 here) filing cabinet that was not locked, had smooth-running drawers, and is not scratched up.
Thanks for making a great trip even better - quick, caring service and a free upgrade to a great Jeep Patriot that we really enjoyed.
I would recommend this wedding registry without a doubt!
\nI would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
Today I saw:\n\n-fabulous 1960s desks\n-old scratched and/or locked filing cabinets\n-retail display cases\n-disassembled kitchen cabinets and countertops \n-ancient (and very intriguing) appliances \n-hundreds of toilets and bathroom sinks\n-random bathroom and kitchen tiles\n-carpet remnants\n-lots and lots of random chairs\n-light fixtures varying in quality from brilliant chandeliers to barely-operational\n\nThe list just goes on and on and on.
I get distracted by all of the other stuff on the Web.
The decor is diveish but you aren't paying for a formal French you are paying for good cheap food fast!
By far my favorite Chinese food!
I've been flying in and out of this airport for more years than I care to think about, so it feels like home each time I'm there to fly, drop someone off or pick someone up.\n\nI remember when Douglas International was much smaller, similar to Greensboro or Raleigh, and have seen it expand quite a bit over the years.\n\nOf course, airports were much more fun back before the tragedy of 9/11.
I was accidentally shorted on my change.
2 - When all data is correct, and I click Save, I want to display my dialog box.
Simultaneously, I receive an error in my R session upon invoking : Considering that perhaps this is an issue with HTTPS, I try a non-SSL mirror and similarly nothing happens (perhaps there are no updates, but I'd like a message that tells me this).
If you really want to learn something new, do this just for fun after when you won't be under so much pressure to make it work.
Thus the variable is stored until the Object is destroyed.
now create an interface say LogicInterface which will have a method and this method will be passed customer and List hotels as parameter, and will be returning cheapest hotel.
Here is my Podfile : I don't know what the problem is, and it's driving me crazy.
I know that this is a silly question,but I wanted to know why the case label doesn't take variables.
His prices are also VERY reasonable.
Once you have the access token (" " in your code above), you just need to save it.
Thanks for any help in advance.
\""Pittsburgh Dad\"" would love this place n'at!!
But the employees are chill, and it's all about the food, milkshakes, and coffee.
a string which has not a length so that % 3 is 0).
I tried with different Test Unit Adapters including an NUnitTestAdapterWithFramework .
The chopped salad is worthy of my daily cravings.
The latter would be most efficiently preformed in your shared business logic in the entities themselves.
From start to finish, the staff and quality of work of McClintock Heating and Cooling was superb.
I will certainly reach out to them again for my future rental needs.
I didn't try it, so I can't say what kind of selection they have for songs.\n\nThe BBQ is a great deal and though not the best I've ever had.
Move everything under TRY, and that way, the CATCH is the last thing, so there's nothing else to be executed.
It isn't very expensive either, 10 or 12 bucks for a full day of bouldering is a very reasonable deal (I haven't seen many places which were cheaper).
It was just so friendly that I enjoyed my checking in and checking out experience\n\nMy hygienist Theresa is amazing.
Maze.\n\nIt's located out in the middle of nowhere - but thats where you're suppose to get lost right?!?\n\nThe maze is huge!!
The dish was pleasantly spicy and I liked the addition of the egg.
This is the best Japanese steakhouse I've ever been to in a long time.
I'm defining with an example, I need to store multiple rows with details, Like this, there will be so many entries, i.e, the number of differs for various users, for some users, there might be more than three components, which must be saved &amp; send through an API.
Checking for ambiguities in decision tree I'm using sklearn's decision tree to replace a messy and unmantainable implementation of business rules as a long if-elif-else chain.
A wide variety of party favors and Pittsburgh paraphernalia.
I got one plotWidget in my tab Widget but how can I get rid of other plot window?
Refactoring a python function so that it can take any sized list How can I make this function take as input an arbitrary list size?
I'm using Jetty in Eclipse with Google plugins and Java 6.21 in Windows 7.
I really don't think this is a common enough use case for there to be a standard library function for it.
But importantly, this type signature tells us that more or less the only way that this can be implemented is: This is because of "free theorems"; if you don't know the type of a parameter then we can prove that you can't really do much with it.
I now live in Arizona and still bank with dollar bank because I've been so satisfied with the offers and customer service!
\n\nDarlene and her staff (one other person who I've never met but must be equally as amazing), are just the BOMB plain and simple.
Went here for a Father's Day breakfast.
So my attempted implementation is like
This will allow you to create a function that removes teh message after a period of time.
You can google for them and see how they work.
and suddenly I had some problems on saving to database I got this error all the time its a problem of user permission , but I'm confused why it happened , because it was working correctly before
Service good despite the full house.
Symbolicating the main thread will only show you the call in frame 12 and the uncaught exception handler in frame 2 of thread 0 The crash report is written by an old version of PLCrashReporter (identified by the two texts on top) or you are using another server for uncaught exceptions.
Also, the user might be annoyed.
I love Whole Foods Market of Pittsburgh!
Still a great place for baked goods!
Current Output: Desired Output edit- So using the code below I can get the output: Does anyone know how to get from this to a chart with headers like my desired output?
So far he's had Parvo, giardia, worms, and probably stuff we don't even know!
For some reason my expectations were pretty low (location maybe?) but I figured since the reviews weren't bad, I would give it a try.
The whirlpool and bathroom mirror tv are terrific touches.
\n\nI have been to Mert's four times in the past year and have been pleased with each visit.
One is an old ASMX web service project and one is a DLL project called Utils.
It's great for groups....which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette parties and birthdays.
By the slice pizzas often sit for awhile, and though a slice is only $1.30, they're only about 30% of a slice wide, so I'd recommend going in for a whole pie.
It has a bar atmosphere without the crazy drunks and extremely loud crowd.
Except the Required validator, which runs in both cases.
Their desserts are unimpressive and it is hard to underwhelm me when it comes to sugar.
The atmosphere is cozy with a little shop in the front.
I can implement the method, but this seems odd to me, since I'm actually fixing errors and I'll find many of them.
I got there around 11:30am and any later I would have been in line with about 20 other people.
We ordered cheese curds, onion rings, and chicken wings for appetizers.
Yes it was a Thursday and no the place was overflowing with hungry people but there was a steady flow of diners.
The food is pretty damn good too.
When i go back to home screen and kill the activity (swiping off from recent list) the service gets recreated( ) and it takes around 3-4 MB of memory from then on.
I haven't eaten here in a while, since they opened some nice Chinese restaurants near me in Dilworth.
Prantl's always has a place in my heart.
Specifically, Express Checkout would be for PayPal payments and Payments Pro (DoDirectPayment / PayFlow) would be for direct credit card processing without a PayPal account.
I think this will solve your problem.
Strongly typed languages like C#, Java and Swift are a little trickier.
I imagine this is due to different formats stored in the databases?
They also gave me a discounted rate on another room so I could stay in Charlotte and take care of my Uncle.
I was walking around the grounds, struck up a conversation, they were in the program I was interested in, and he gave me the run-down.
Do share buttons (facebook, stumbleupon, twitter, etc) incur a page-load penalty from Google?
Food came quickly and service was good (even though the young waitress oddly addressed me as \""honey\"" every time).
My issue is I don't understand the principle of setting my variable in one method and getting it in another (while making sure it's an accepted value).
My bf sometimes has to go down to UofI for career fairs, I always make him to go Zorbas and get me a gyro with extra cucumber sauce.
\n\nOverall, a wonderful, easy going, friendly neighborhood place to go to relax over some good food and drink.
The chicken was sauteed perfectly as were the veggies.
If that's the case I'd probably use a multidimentional array (or arraylist)..
Pull does a merge, and the extra content put in your worktree is there for conflict resolution, merge can't determine the correct results so you have to.
The customer service is fantastic, the quality is terrific, and the prices reasonable.
It is filled with lots of cheese and toppings.
Maybe GetBytes method doesn't work as you expect.
It might just save your impression of Uptown.
We found it quite literaly by accident.
I do have to point out, if you're not careful, the bill can get a bit high if you keep adding all the goodies they offer.
\n\nI recommend this place for the food and congenial service.
Trying to process several MB of data will hang JavaScript interpreter for a few minutes, effectively hanging whole browser.
These are the best chicken strips I have ever had.
I am not sure what makes a perfect bagel but after eating at Bagel Factory I am pretty sure I am darn well close to it.
\n\nA few months ago, when this happened, I sulked at the Prepared Foods counter, and Bethany, prepared foods customer service extraordinaire, flew to my rescue.
However It is quite feature-rich and very mature - I know people who were doing INGRES apps in 1990, and it dates back to the 1980s.
IHowever, it was filled not only with bread but an inventory of dips, chutneys, sauces, etc.
The pumpkin cheesecake for dessert was very nice, but a little too sweet I think.\n\nOverall, the meal for our group was excellent.
My children and I suffer from food allergies.
I last reviewed Soho Bistro in mid-2011, and last night my young daughter and I popped in there for dinner before a show.
After talking with the manager to work things out and getting nowhere, I gave them up for good.
My code is as below : Design : Code :
I'm not a veg, but I appreciate that they had several options available for those who are.
My hair is naturally curly so I've had more than my share of bad cuts...
\n\n4- Adam is the food and beverage manager and he was so good to me.
Now while submitting the form I am checking whether the form is valid or not.
So I am working on a server, on which I don't have a sudo access.
What Charlotte lacks in options, they make up for in value.
You must grant access to user for read, write and modify files on Template and Output folders.
I fail to create a new word and link it to one of the existing languages.
But in case of Java (where multi-threading concept case into picture), returning a value from main method would not be right, as the main method returns to JVM instead of OS.
Luckily, they offer a \""Lite Appetite\"" menu as well.
This is my code now, I dont see any image on the admin!
\n\nWe had perfect seats, Row AA.
After being in downtown Pittsburgh for 60 years, Saks Fifth Avenue is now closed.
There's only one model, but I need to query each of these items plus more.
How to implement PTZ camera joystick and controller in AngularJS I am working in a Video management application where I need to desing and implement PTZ camera controllers and joystick.
If I could give Upstream a 4.5, I would!
Our waitress was super friendly and willing to answers our questions patiently.\n\nFamily style dining is fun, probably more so with a larger group to share with.
I wish to split it 20 lines at a time and send each to a processor in apache camel.
This is a great balance of fine Italian hot sausage with onions and souses.
The service is hit or miss, and some of the servers come off as scripted (probably new).
There is a fairly easy solution to the System.exit problem.
For example, your jQuery reads: However, the file on the site is listed as images/abouthover.JPG If you alter your jQuery to: Or change your file name for the file to images/abouthover.jpg Your code should work.
error line: int team_ID = Convert.ToInt32(Eval("team_ID"));
While the fish was good, the rolls and how they were prepared was sloppy and generally, didn't really add anything to the experience.
\n\nWe got a little nervous because it is in a really random spot, it was past midnight, and the door hours said that they should be closed.
I had the veggie eggs Benedict on an English muffin.
In my project, I try to load correctly to blade template.
The symbol is defined in 3.2, but it's not allowed as a vertex format until 3.3, and you won't get any error messages for using it by accident.
Come here leave the kings kitchen food is great looks great staff out of this world!
I met a couple of girlfriends here for dinner and drinks on Friday evening.
The original place in the Strip District is the best by far.
It was quite challenging, we were there for a few hours, got lost, but finally found all the clues, worked out the puzzle, and found our way out of the maze.
The man who owns this is super nice and so helpful!
If you're looking to find something specific, you're probably better off with amazon.
Kicking it up a star because draaaanks are cheap, service it bomb and food is consistently tay-hay-sty.
I have this so far: Here is an image that I hope will make what I'm trying to do a little more understandable: If any one could point me in the right direction of any examples, that would be much appreciated.
Is javascriptserializer needed when passing Json data back to my view?
When I swipe little ViewPager main ViewPager swipes.
The easiness of using them is in the order which i have mentioned.
2) Does it seem like this approach would be any better then the traditional approach to AI in games?
Content of : And : Also content of file: and when I open the , I can see .
The registration is to allow you to make your application better, to cut down on future support and to keep your customer base happy.
\n\nMore on food: I always enjoy a few bites of a good Shepard's Pie though I would never want more than a few bites!
I believe they would park INSIDE the store if they could).\nI don't complain about the prices, because the food, and health benefits, are worth it in the long-term.
The result is more that I could have imagined.
China Palace offers both Americanized Chinese Food and more authentic style dishes.
The database files will be created in the folder.
Found this strange behaviour of Handlers in android I just wrote a code which adds several views, each using a handler.
What's event more, this whole method makes no sense.
\n\nThe music is good, and not played too loud so that you can talk to your fellow pubcrawlers.
Have you read the tutorial ?
Transfering data from textbox to 2D Array I am a new in C sharp and a little stupid, I have a problem with my project, hope you can help me!
In HTML GridView render as table , better you can use Jquery to add the values ,
Inside of that method, i will update the mLongitude and mLatitude variables which are instance variables.
I didn't see a single English language book even though they were kind enough to let me look over their library.
I was worried I would never find another stylist on par with the super star I had in Miami.
Adding 3rd party jars to WEB-INF/lib automatically using Eclipse/Tomcat I have a dynamic-web project set up on Eclipse and I'm using Tomcat 7 as my web server.
\nThe one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike.
\n\nI found that the staff was very friendly, and movie buffs themselves as well.
The problem you have in both the above examples is you're trying to compile code that requires some development libraries (alsa in the first one, GTK in the second one) and you don't have them.
Because your you calculate topping cost all all toppings and apply accross all pizza: You should distinguish which topping belongs to which pizza.
But overall a great, affordable addition to Charlotte restaurants.
It was pretty yummy but the steak had too much fat on it.
If all you're worried about is storing it, then do whatever makes you happy.
above is where I am having the problem below is the rest of the file.
My favorite dish is the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.
The parking garage across the street was very convenient and reasonably priced.\n\nWhen I checked out, I accidentally left my cell phone charger plugged into the wall and my raincoat in the closet (clearly I was in a hurry in the morning and not very careful!) I called the hotel that night and they were very nice and said someone from Housekeeping would get back to me the next day.
I went with a traditional American cheeseburger, while Christian, I mean, my husband, got the Gourmet burger.
A little bit like a step back in time.
Thanks to the peeps at D's for the referral.
The service is excellent, atmosphere is fairly basic and quiet and the food is excellent!
Unless you come up against em and then their crazy bad crazy.
\n\nI would eat here about 3 times/week when I was in business school.
I have tested with multiple Samsung phones and I have never been able to reproduce this problem.
There are also American choices on the menu.
Can I transfer my phone numbers from ringcentral into twilio?
we ate lunch here yesterday and everyone left happy and full!!!!
And 5 minutes from my house.
Also, if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers.
I even feel guilty that I can't recall his name tonight.
I love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot.
They were complimented well with the sweet sauce that comes with them.
Get a list of checked checbox values with jQuery I have the following HTML: And I want to pass through a list of values of checked inputs to a php script using ajax.
And you can buy a bag of fresh pizza dough for a dollar.
It lists the names of the files, but it does not include the name of the directory.
It's always surprising to me when you go to a bar/nightclub/restaurant and they actually have good food!
Last I knew it was a free trade shop and I'm fairly certain that that hasn't changed.
What I also love is I don't end up smelling like Chinese food after I walk out of here, so not a worry if you need to return back to the office afterwards or continue on your nice date.
this will create reflection effect, but you will need to apply same things that you applied to first image to the second one, like movement, rotation, whatever you did to it.
I wonder if there is any fix at all.
How to encode method parameters using HadoopRpcRequestProto request field in Hadoop The Hadoop RPC engine uses Protocol Buffer to encode/decodes the bytes from the wire.
What's the scope for Gmail's OAuth2 IMAP access?
VBA Writing Array to Range Causing Run-Time Error '7': Out Of Memory The Task I'm working on a VBA project wherein I store the data from a sheet in a , do a bunch of calculations with the data in the , store the results of those computations in a few other , then finally I store all the "results arrays" in another and write that array to a range in a new sheet.
4) Then Job Flow start to run and after some time I saw the states as STARTING, BOOTSTRAPING, RUNNING, and SHUT DOWN.
I have tried placing this res.render inside the callback function but that results in a method undefined error.
In detail: it will fetch a version starting with the lowest version of the series as lower boundary, probably it will proceed with , and so on (all versions) but it will remain below the upper version boundary of version The switch of an major version (here from to ) indicates a possibly break in backward compatibility (see semantic versioning standard).
You would do well to read the fine manual before you get yourself into trouble.
Excellent variety, hearty taste, and pleasurable service.
If you want to create hash, then you'll want to avoid XOR.
Is it the perfect suit for my body, no.
Not only was she helping a lot of customers find particular items, but I heard a couple customers even address her by name as they entered.
I have an cell including array as below format a is 3 dimensional cell and each cell have i*j array i want to rearrange that as below format how to?
The warm shallow pool had a couple instructors giving swim lessons.
Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.
This way the user will be able to disconnect with only a couple clicks (once on the menu item, and once on the 'Stop Casting' button).
If an instance of from DF2 falls within the 30 min bins of in DF1.
In the example above this is not very helpful, since we know that inside and is the word , but if we have a regex inside the parentheses that can match different words, this can be very helpful.
I'm also in love with the homemade raviolis, (read the directions, these are baked not boiled.) My favorite is the artichoke gorgonzola, they are often sold out.
This is the core of using SOAPUI.
They have a huge menu for such a little place - so I settled on the Quiche of the day - OMG - so yummy.
\n\nI think it's kind of a joke they don't give napkins by default honestly especially for delivery.
The neighborhood seemed a bit sketchy.
Best way to convert an already-existing ArcGIS Javascript Map Application to an Offline Windows Application I currently have a working ArcGIS JavaScript map application with a lot of functionality with it.
Makes me want to hop on a plane and come home for a weekend just to wake up on a Sunday and hear italian men next to me while I sip my espresso machiatto.
Also, I think we will need a bit more information regarding the workunit.sort method.
One of of the biggest reasons to do this are the electricity (cooling) costs saved for me, literally several hundred $ per year.
For example, You can then annotate the @NodeEntity with a @Convert like this On the flip side, its not a good practice to do this, since ideally you should link Node and XYZ with a 'hasA' relationship.
Those linear layout instances have buttons, however, and when someone clicks the buttons, they can't drag the gallery.
The whole reason I'm doing this is because logically, a content item can have many tags, and 1 tag can belong to multiple content items.
Obviously - there are other options, but this is solution worked for us.
Like Sinan said, you need to give the form a width and height to match the image size.
On my CentOS machine it is defined to .
(As stated in a previous answer, the IOS XR XML API would be nice, but as far as I know IOS XR is only deployed on high-end carrier grade routers).
In this case, this is the same as , which is 3.
I figure that if a place can get the basics right, then they can do the more complicated dishes.
Which version of IIS you are using.
THIS IS VERY REAL.\n\nSometimes there are things in life that you just can't express in words full how much such and such means to you.
My kids were more interested in hands-on, kinetic features, and there are plenty to be experienced!\n\nThere are many interactive exhibits for kids of all ages to get lost in.
After ordering, our food arrived about 10 minutes later.
I am not used to a place with cheap and good breakfast...
In Default.aspx, I needed to register the control by name rather than by namespace.
Our waiter was super nice and explained the menu to us as well as made some recommendations on the spicy and not so spicy.
This tutorial shows how: But i think the best solution when tracking finger movements would be using OpenNI SDK.
Decent menu selections, better than average service for a restaurant outside of downtown, and a fair price.
However, if you enter the date in the format MM.dd.yyyy, all is well.
Its cheap for downtown, and the portions are generous, so I suggest getting only the smaller sizes.\n\nI had a rice and beans burrito, and they let you take one of their hot sauces to the table.
I was told that I could save about $30 by fixing the lamp myself, and was directed to the technicion who quickly showed me the parts and how to do the repair.
Free WiFi, charging stations, ramps, this airport has got it all.
\n\nOur server was super efficient and polite.
It appears that they really like doing what they do because they are always willing to explain everything in detail.
Tryed : but this generates a compile-time error : The parameter array must be a single dimensional array Is there any way to make the extension method support IEnumerable params ?
Viva la resistance!\n\nI definitely recommend Harris to anyone who is a Y member!
I'm using a JSON service that sometimes get NULL fields.
There was only one option when I was there and it had a sauce that contained two meats sausage and pork.\n\nI wish my bank account could handle more of this place, I will be back once I roll my wallet out of the ER.
( Our waitress noted that the dough is made in house dailey).
The bartender was going outside for a smoke and cheered me on.
Use LOAD DATA INFILE to import from CSV to MySQL databse table.
Every day I come home and they are eager to tell me about something new they learned that day.
Various aircraft ranging from jets, helicopters, and gliders, both military and civilian, are located inside and outside the hangers.
If if run it directly by the command line it works fine.
I want to try a new Jvm-language (yeti-lang) on app-engine.
This will let the system decide which viewer to use..
I ordered the Bayou Platter it was amazing.
And this location is also pretty packed so there is usually a line up outside.
This is the best restaurant in C-U.
It is a standard implementation where installation of the client app talks to the gcm server to get the reg id, sends it to our server and our server uses that reg id to push messages to the app.
I recommend making reservations and firmly request to be seated down stairs.
\n\nThe airy pancakes that I ordered were fluffy, and really the best I've had in Madison.
Here, the model is using the TF-IDF info in the training corpus to estimate the new documents.
That way, a standard div like will automatically show underneath and you don't need a clear between them.
How to accelerate PHP execution by using cached result?
\n\nThe accommodations are beautiful and comfortable.
I'll try them next time I'm in the 'burgh.\n\nPizza Perfectta has a few stools and a counter but really it is a take-out place.
Is there some method I have to call to force the menu managers to update themselves thereby checking the enabled property of the copy action?
You can get it topped with a fried egg!
I have a User object that extends Backbone.Model.
EDIT: If the method signature of sortedCopy is changed (as pointed out by biziclop) to then the compiler does consider the generic type from the type and no error appears.
The space is small, so it can be overwhelming when it's busy, but once the crowd dies down, you can really take your time and enjoy the coffees and teas without feeling rushed.
Remove the align left and right and white space between image tags.
Lastly, there is a small fresh fish section in the back.
Lesson one in Joel's test should be: Do you regularly critically revisit the software team quality tests?
Maths for code: 2nd click 3rd click 4th click
It doesn't really do a lot to separate itself from the other higher end steak places but it certainly isn't disappointing either.
\n\nWe stopped in on a Saturday afternoon.
Can We show the string value as a measure on mondrian olap I want to show the string value as one of the measure value.
TouchUtils.longClickView(InstrumentationTestCase test, View v) works fine ; I'm able to detect the long pressing event propely , But test-case finishes even before the calculation / rendering is complete in my UI thread ; how do I stop the test from exiting in this case ?
I've been to this sushi joint like at least 20 times and this is the first time I've actually checked in.
I get the \""Shredded Szechuan Beef\"" almost every time.
Like other reviewers have mentioned, there is not really what you would normally call \""service\"", you get your own tea, chop stick and clean up after yourselves.
I asked for \""medium spice\"" but this one was not spicy at all.
The CommandSink property is used to call the Execute and CanExecute functions on the proper target (the ViewModel in this case).
So basically, while I am moving with the device, the onLocationChanged method does not seem to give me the correct location that I am now on.
Copying from non-filtered rows to filtered-rows in excel I have a number of rows in one worksheet which doesn't have any filtered data all the data is visible.
and I can't overcomer this because the app is always failing.
This is one of the pitfalls of using static methods and one of the reasons people often urge against them.
(WARNING: If you want big comfy seats, digital projection, surround sound, and a bucket o' soda, head elsewhere!) It's small, shows art/foreign/indie films, and you can get a ginger ale for $1.50.
Because typical applications are not designed to receive some .Net stream or byte array, they take file path and read them the way they want.
However, a casual is not unchecked, and you do need to declare in a declaration.
(All of this can be customized via the API in a number of places, if you don't want to use the default values and that specific s for a given purpose.) The difference between the and (and thus between and ) is as follows (quoted from the ): TrustManager: Determines whether the remote authentication credentials (and thus the connection) should be trusted.
Went here this morning to drop off some short-sleeved Polo shirts, with some minor stains I was hoping to have removed.
I am obviously doing something fundamentally wrong and would be grateful for help...I have already tried all the suggestions from other similar questions on stackoverflow, read apples documentation, and basically all combinations of trial and error coding I can think of.
\n\nI ordered the Perfect Pear cocktail with Pear Absolute Eldleweiss flower liqouer and a splash of pineapple juice it was delicious!
It was perfectly balanced and absolutely yummy!!!
The service was great and the wine selection perfect!
\n\nMy cousin thoroughly enjoyed her nachos, but she sent back a cocktail...
It was such a pleasure to see her smiling face welcome us nearly every time we walked in the front doors.\n\nWhile this Hampton Inn's atmosphere and cleanliness was consistent with every other Hampton Inn I've stayed at, my 5-star rating is based solely on the excellent customer service.
Just a great experience, can't wait to get back there.
Martin Porter, Snowball is a small string processing language designed for creating stemming algorithms for use in Information Retrieval.
I'll usually get some sort of omelette and pair it with a hotcake (usually chocolate but blueberry is pretty good too).
I imagine each polygon is a set of latitude/longitude pairs in both formats so it shouldn't be too difficult.
I may clean this up some more and actually include it in future releases for people!
What type of cache do you use?
In real world, object will interact using messages, not by referencing each other or aggregating other objects.
This is UPTOWN??\n\nRegardless, the service was perfect and the food was brought out promptly.
The mess is hashed (in most cases) and the server will use the public key + it's copy of the secret to do the same hashing and make sure its result matches the requests.
what I am trying to do I need to simulate 2 clicks on the screen (100,100) and (400,400) at a small duration difference.
I think you may need to convert/cast @salary to a varchar to print it:
I'd give their cashiers 5 stars.
When you run subprocess.call, by default it doesn't load a shell, but you can give it as an argument:
I would recommend that you go early on a weekday though as the seating is very limited.
After walking around the Strip District, this certainly hit the spot.
the difference that patch is for partial updates and it is not necessary idempotent.
The potstickers are also very good.
But the application crashes and I receive the following error.
A lot of people don't know it exists, or think it's just for pilots.
Which is actially the half of the camera frustum size if you use ortographic projection, as you think of it.
The more I think about it, the less obvious the solution using SQLAlchemy seems to me.
I recently brushed a road cone and damaged the paint job my Honda Accord (near the right head light which was also damaged).
Sometimes it can get pretty crowded on the patio especially at the end of the week in summer, but come in for a post-work gossip in the middle of the week and you're likely to have the place almost to yourself.
i've been to Umi for sushi several times and haven't been disappointed in the quality of the fish.
\n\nBut what pushed this to a 4 star review for me was the high level of service that I got during my stay.
colorValuesArray = colorValues.match(/[0-9A-Fa-f]{6}/); Thanks for your help, -NorthK
It wasn't until I went into labor and had a personal change of heart that I went for pain meds and they were supportive of that too.
Yes, or can't be accessed from because these and are set in method.
I've used alert statements to try and debug, what ends up happening is this....
How to winforms C# application having two image folder?
Once I finished it, I went for a second round and chose the mint chocolate martini, which also came adorned with chocolate syrup.
I think my issue is that look at the number of pixels drawn, but I'd like it to look at the length in model space instead.
i must admit that i'm shocked at the poor reviews for this coffee tree roasters location.
For each queue it remove one or several items and put it to the single producer of your single producer disruptor.
It's nice, clean, and always under new build of the next big thing.
We had the Polpettini (mini meatballs) as an appetizer and they were all gone in about 5mins.
Don't fret by the amount of code you see in an application.
How can I pass the original newuser from the first page to the third page where I can use it in the SignInUserOnFormCompletion subroutine?
I'm looking for a stop-gap solution (I've gone from around 6 to 4500 daily visitors over the last week), and I was considering exiting the process after it had served a set number of requests to fire a restart.
Because we were only needing a table for 2 we were able to get seated promptly.
You can use it for example For your example this will produce
Place has been around a very long time so don't expect it to be have an updated and elegant look.
I usually have a good time here.
I normally do not visit chain eateries , but this place was close and very good for the money.\nGood job guys !\nOHHHHHHH , Did I mention FREE COOKIES ????
The painting of downtown Madison in the rain is fantastic.
I'm using it here OnSendingHeaders() Example ).
How do I prevent startx from running automatically on login?
The sushi can't beat places like Ru-San's or Nikko, but it's still pretty darn good...and very reasonably priced!
It's one of the great old institutions of Charlotte
They also have at least three gluten-free beers for those with gluten sensitivities.
This was another Charlotte Institution I'd never heard of until I moved back to town as an adult.
The wine selection by the glass is pretty decent.
I think you need to have a DatetimeIndex (rather than a MultiIndex): then do a groupby with a monthly TimeGrouper and the status column:
Flash includes the GUI that stream lines developing.
The pad thai portion was huge and chock full of the good stuff (they did not skimp on the meat or veggies in here!) The sauce was flavorful and plentiful, yet light...not overly thick, oily, or sticky, as some pad thai sauces can be.
Hence, it's very easy to mistakenly retrieve the wrong data for a position and introduce an for the last list item.
I want to speed up execution of this code by calling method "async LogFilesFromFolderToDB(StorageFolder folder)" simulateously in separate thread for each folder.
In these application types, it’s helpful to have the ability to have a sort of “singleton per request.” Instance per request builds on top of instance per matching lifetime scope by providing a well-known lifetime scope tag, a registration convenience method, and integration for common application types.
Then add all your custom fonts into this directory.
\n\nCashew Chicken, egg roll, shrimp rangoon and a glass of wine = LOVE!
You can insert to catch those also; see
A little biased since I live so close, but I love the Dor-Stop.
I have to iterate over all the points of all the polygons many times in my code, I end up having to write the same code over and over again: I really feel that is a lot of code for two simple iterations, and feel like it's clogging the code and interfering with the readability.
It is commonly used in callbacks.
Definitely worth a stop for a pint of Guinness!
I upgraded the jackson dependency to the latest version.
Text reaching over the specified width of its DIV EDIT: Another image to further showcase my issue: I know this question has been asked but every solution I have tried has not worked, i.e.: word-wrap, text-wrap, overflow-wrap.
On the way back we made a dinner reservation and it was very nice to be able to sit down and eat a full dinner with beer and desert while watching the countryside pass by.
I tried using the linq code below but I didn't get the proper output.
Yours only goes one level deep.
Do you need to retrieve the individual data members?
And that doesn't say much considering it was just as hot outside.
I think this must works, put your php name file in the url and add the done() function to your code or put on the success() function.
Of course I'm going to go with one of their specialties!
So Can anyone suggest appropriate table schema for below mentioned Layout.
This was my first time at the Elbow Room at their new location on Walnut Street (previously located on Ellsworth Avenue.) My friend and I met for a low key Friday night dinner, but when we arrived at 6:30pm, to our surprise - it was PACKED!!
The woman working was very friendly and helpful (telling me the best machines to use for what I was doing)
As awesome as you think your program is, the user might not think the same.
Im running under Vista (pro), python 2.7 Ive tried googling this issue generally and in SO and cant find anything relevant, which seems odd and makes me wonder if theres some setting or other may be wrong in my setup.
Because of the way you are transforming and reshaping your data, this is going to be 2.
X-Editable and Bootstrap datatables I've tried with no success to implement x-editable in bootstrap datatables, the reason being when i update an element from x editable, the datatable fails to recognize those changes..
\n\nA huge plus is the staff.
following are the jquery script to show datetime following are php script for datetime.php I don't what is going wrong.
I do not know if this would cause this problem, but I would mark my similarly structured MessageContract up as follows: Using the [MessageHeader] attribute is enough on MessageHeader members.
\nPlease bring back the onion rings guys!!
you should probably just do that: await ensure you will continue on the same context except if you use .ConfigureAwait(false);
You shouldn't need to do any floating to achieve this, but rather the positioning of the blocks should be happening at the theme layout and template level.
Cash prices are better than credit prices.\nThis giant fun store for grown ups is divided into liquor side and beer & wine side.
I like that it changes except for when I've had something so delicious I want it the next time I go and its gone =(\n\nFavorites have been the monkfish with lobster tempura and bok choy, a mixed greens salad with sweet potato fries, the pea soup, the corn soup, the lemon mascarpone cake (I dream about this), striped bass, flounder, the grouper with \""clam chowder,\"" the cosmos, I swear they make them the best I've ever had.
I opted for hard salami with the house Mousehouse Jack.
If combined with , it may also make it easier to use/access those means by putting them in a long format returning:
I get the code that the php generated echoed at the top of the page.
I am using two forms on my page, one for each drop down menu.
I'm so impressed by everything in this office.
I had hoped would do the job, but it is raising an error.
But if I try to close it, but both the dialog and the window close.
These buttons have custom background colors and have their text colors set via .
CMake, SDL on Mac OS X, "can't find -lSDLmain" Following the instructions here , I've set up a : When running , I get the following error: Running by hand gives the same error: How do I fix this?
Is there a way where I can retain all the formatting?
The ARL has an obligation to society to not let dangerous dogs back on the street, to euthanize when a dog is very sick or is very aggressive to humans or other animals, and trust me, I have held many of those dogs as they are put to sleep and I always am so thankful that the vet staff we have are so compassionate and do the euthanasia in the most humane manner.
So here is my build.gradle in the src directory But I get the following error How can I solve my problem ?
We inquired about the rumors of the place being haunted and the former incarnations of this place being a brothel.
The menu is extensive with hibachi offerings.
you forgot to add space after WHERE clause
It may be the only Korean BBQ grill place in the city.
Also tried clearing the input directly using but without luck.
You can take either and pick a size to fit your small-large appetite, and then customize it from there, which is a little different, and better, than most other gyro joints I've visited.
Is he making friends?\"" on a daily basis.
Talk to him and get ready for sushi rolls bursting with fresh fish.
So after 16 years I decided to get another tattoo to cover up one I got when I was 18.
In that case I don't use the minified CSS and edit it, commenting out the part where the glyphicons generally are defined (references to the font resources).
The following script would do the work for you
Since this appears not to be an ISAPI DLL requiring 32-bit application to be switched on, but a C# Web App.
She actually listens and she doesn't push products on you.
You can do something like this: In Your CSS
If you like good home cooked goodness then Mert's is the place to go.
I don't know why I set it like that but it seemed logical.
When it's fried it's just ok.
Detecting and intercepting video playback in UIWebView I would like to intercept a click in an UIWebView and then use the URL of the video.
The fish was nicely prepared and seasoned.
We both had to take most of our entrees home with us which was unfortunate because they were so awesome.
It's always friendly and I feel like they are eager to please.
Try to use javascript namespacing when doing so to prevent possible conflict/overwriting from other global variables with same name.
In the field settings, under the Advanced settings for hierarchical vocabularies field group, select the Parent Term you want to use for that field.
You come here with a friend who's also never been here, they may think you're taking them somewhere scary.
Get the value of the textbox on c# I'm working on a wpf app and i want to get the value of textbox i want to use KeyDown &amp; KeyPress to check if the text is a numeric value but when i write KeyPress the compilator underlined the proprity so i can't use it .
I debug class, method is called but no activity popped.
Have you ever written a web project before?
Merely verifying that they're installed is not enough.
I have been here twice and need to go back again.
I normally go for grown and sexy but I was in for a different vibe.
Edit: I have used the exact same code against SQL Server 2008 Express and performance is spectacular.
Parking is street, but we didn't have any problems finding a spot.
I haven't shopped the whole menu, but I like what I regularly get, and that's fine with me.
The portions are gigantic and unforgiving!
Wikitravel has a "see" section for most cities.
My boyfriend and i have been there 4 times and each time it has been amazing.
My husband and I frequent this place pretty often.
I would like to avoid this freezing.
Had dinner with my son last night and it was fabulous.
( I heard they might not be able to ).
\n\nI like that the corporate Enterprise seems to value this sort of behavior in it's employees, and fosters a positive work environment.
I don't know why my dad and I, who couldn't agree on anything, both loved the Steelers.
The correct version is: You may keep the first parameter in the query if you wish.
Their coleslaw is the vinegar oil kind.
breeze js apostraphe causing query to fail I'm using the breeze-mongo node module and when performing a query for an entity name which has an apostrophe the server is throwing an exception.
(Note: Rating only applicable from 2am-6am)\nStack.
I was please that they have 4 or 5 cakes that you can get individual slices from but also a cooler with ready to go full cakes in a variety of flavors.
However, when I create a new album, it loads a new viewcontroller and passes the "hashes" time-stamped album name to the viewcontroller.
\n\nSince we like to bring our toddler to dine with us, I'm always so happy that they are so friendly and accommodating with kids.
This is a hidden gem, no really.
In TeamCity 7.1.3 you are unable to achieve what you are asking.
We were ten minutes late for our reservation, but LaVecchia couldn't have been nicer about it!
An attempt was made to load a program with an incorrect format.
Does anyone know why this is happening?
How can I find what font was actually created?
My hubby and I wandered around Shadyside on Saturday afternoon and made Williams-Sonoma one of our stops.
Came here for lunch after a long day on the road\n\nIt's a beer and bar place.\n\nThey have a variety of beer, they have a room all the way in the back with lots of different beer and a separate room displaying other kinds of beer.
How to use pretty-error within a sailsjs app?
You can add code to handle invalid cases, for non-character input.
We had both the cashew chicken and seafood delight, and both were awesome.
But if you're going to hand off the page to non-technical users or if the pages are going to need frequent changing, well, that's why dynamic pages with an administration interface were made for.
Here is some sample code: If you put this in a new Windows Forms app and run it, you'll see some solid lines and some dashed lines (with different dash styles).
It's a great deal and you know you'll want it anyway!
The ONLY downfall of being a Steeler fan is that trying to get tickets is about as difficult as trying to catch a cheetah in the open prairie.
The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy.
I am using hibernate 3 in my application using hibernate annotations , I am developing application in struts 1.3.
This might be the lesser of all the evils in Champaign, in terms of bars.\n\n$2 wells on a Friday, no cover for 21+, friendly bartenders and door guys, a pretty large inside with the unique loft overlooking the whole place, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nThe crowd here is mostly older than what you would get at Red Lion or Kam's, I saw a lot of grad-looking students.
I know I can associate the file by using the following: Of course the code is in the manifest file in an intent filter, but getting the text of the file is what is leaving me stuck.
We couldn't care less if we won a prize (we never did) we just wanted to see how fast we could throw.
Assigning issue with numpy structured arrays I was trying this simple line of assigning codes to a structured array in numpy, I am not quiet sure, but something wrong happens when I assign a matrix to a sub_array in a structured array I created as follows: Shouldn't the second field of the subarray equals at this stage
The waitress warned me it was really sweet, but I felt that it was perfectly balanced.\n\nDefinitely check this place out, and don't be freaked out at the potential of long waits.
The outside basically looks out onto a huge fountain, so it was nice.
We also love love love the frico and burrata appetizers.
So the underscore is a , which holds the result of , the .
Where can I find some informations about OpenLDAP supported password encryption algorithms on last version (2.4.35)?
When I had a tree fall on my car I was in between work contracts and insurance wouldn't cover all of the damages.
One time I spent the night in Charlotte, courtesy of missed connections, air traffic control in Philly, ughhh...
A bit late, but maybe it will still help you or someone else looking for this, the messages are themed in theme_status_messages() but you don't have any context about them at this point.
It's just the right texture, it's nice and herby and deliciously buttery.
Update Realm relationship with primary ids Is it possible to update a Realm object's relationships by passing only the ids of the relationships?
For a proper experience be prepared to pay in excess of $200 per person for the entrees and wine pairing.
The current special exhibit is the watches and timepieces from H.J.
size: 5 capacity 8 - Average copies per element is (3 + 2 + 1 + 1 + 0) / 5 = 7 / 5 = 1.4 ...
I think if their upped their quality of ingredients it would push it to five stars, but their clientele base seems fairly small, so hipsters, get in on the bottom floor of this fad.
They really make this a nice experience.
As others have mentioned, it does seem a bit creepy deepy to a) review a cemetery and b) also see the categories for this location as \""Funeral Services & Cemeteries\"" AND \""Active Life.\"" However, that's a perfect description of Elmwood Cemetery.
Her tattoo turned out amazing as well.
The permanent exhibit and main feature is called \""Cottonfields to Skyscrapers.\"" I've been through it a few times, but they always add on some new stuff to the end of it.
I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!
\n\nThen I recommend catching your flight, because as awesome as CLT is, home is (hopefully) the better place to be.\n\n*Not a first-hand account of my experience\n\n**Yes it is
Needed the heel on my work shoe repaired.
My recommendations are: Always target the core profile.
Updated link: Here is a simple example.!
The food is pretty good and the decor is awesome!
The staff is friendly and will explain things to the non-initiated and they have a good selection of statues, toys and other merchandise.
I'm writing a compiler with LLVM.
A similar problem and its solution is
ps.: the submission is handled by this method: controller: service dao class:
and i have a specific problem i am not sure how to solve.
I tried this but it seem to not works: Anybody can help me how to do it?
Then you walk up and order from the guy in the kitchen.
But from this I do not know how to open a and destroy properly.
Please add path like this } Next ADD the name of your font wherever you want that font to be used in your stylesheet.
In and out for an oil change and tire rotation in about an hour and for about $40 total.
Incorrect forms authentication timeout I want to make "remember time" on a site something aroun one week.
Their soups are just OK so they will do if that is what you really want - just don't expect anything special.
The food and service attitude is pretty good for the price you pay.\nThey also got all kinds of beverages to go with your meal.
Southern plates made in the south by a chef who was raised on this food specifically?
Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes.
Current way I collect the data is: Thanks.
This program is meant to change something from normal to camelCase.
I imagine there are ways to do that using awk or other such tools, but I'm hoping there's something more straight forward.
is only a pointer to an object, does not have a separate pointer address from your instance.
Also the cell index is hard coded, which wont work if I use this in many different columns.
\n\nSo is the potato salad, though I wish it had egg chunks in it.
I had the same issue, what fixed it for me: Delete bin and obj folders, Uninstall-Package Akka, then Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json to latest version (8.0+) Then, Install-Package Akka, which will pick up the latest version of Newtonsoft.Json and be happy :).
How do I see these intermediate responses in the network?
I want to reduce B and during the reduction change A accordingly.
The given XML namespaces (note: that are not "xmlns imports") are correct for JSF 2.x.
Using high priority messages from server to gcm hoping that would force a connection between gcm and app.
As I see it you have a couple of alternatives.
From Javascript you shouldcatch the event
The staff are a knowledgeable group of extremely talented hair, skin and nail artists.
but there is a TV of course with a vcr/dvd player.
I had the $8 crabcake appetizer.
In the order by clause we can add two thing: Column names Coulmn number to filter In the following case the inner query will return 5 and the parent query
error message: How to fix the abobe error?
It was great watching the sunset with the option of looking out of any of the 7 windows in the room.
I would like to make this: ....
You should be able to manage just about any changes in your database
So if that was an 8, next time I'll probably order a 33.
So you have to delay starting the IO until you are sure you actually want the network to be hit.
Update : Apparently, changing the applications platform target to x64, and using the 64b version of SQLite fixes the problem...
The quality of the meat department is second to none.
Not enough light to read from unless you are in the bathroom.
This would involve having the empty car park image as your background and then doing a comparison of the changes between that and any subsequent images.
100% height input-field and align text vertically Maybe a duplicate but I did not found a question with a similar problem.
Doug our server was fantastic, he was very knowledgeble on all the menu items.
It was near the bottom of the different bids I received, but their apparent competence and great communication from the get-go made the small price difference more than worth it.
At the time, it seemed a pretty far way to go for an alteration place (ALL the way on the east side LOL).
It's been a while since I did this but I just had login to the email account in question, search for emails with a specific subject, gather up the data I wanted from there, like the email address it bounced from, and update the database using an IN clause based on a list of bounced email addresses.
When I have strayed to a burger or something else more substantial, I always walk away satisfied as well although, it's not a cheap lunch by any stretch.\n\nNot sure I will ever give them a chance to up the 3 Star dinner lens with which I view them.
While the selection of grocer goods can be a bit limited, if you just need to grab some stuff for tonight's dinner or some brats for your cook-out, this should be your destination.
I enjoyed my fish and chips, but my boyfriend didn't care much for his pasta--too rich and overwhelming.
My waitress was friendly and attentive.
I particularly enjoy Asian art and the Carnegie has an extensive collection of Japanese prints.
And some people may not like that but I enjoy it because it makes you feel way more comfortable to be somewhere.
It will either be a buffet or a menu for a fixed price of $13.
Can we say cheap but super yummy mojitos?
Here's a resource for more information:
If so, what's the method to use this to find the view causing me the trouble?
This is usually not a big issue, because it is just an extra line of code (per attribute).
This means that there can never be an implicit conversion on the "left-hand-side" operand in an expression of the type .
If I had to choose and I already had skills in C#, I'd go with Xamarin.
We went there for dinner tonight, and it was fabulous.
Concourse D was just redone, adding a lounge area complete with sushi and Pinkberry, which is delicious.
Can a pure function return a Symbol?
If by your second point you mean "included by another source or header" then I guess you have to read all .h and .cpp files and search for #include statements, but this would make the program a little more complex.
A small pot of chocolate sauce mimicked soy for dipping.
My colleague is a regular there, so we were greeted warmly and our greeter (who happened to also be an active local judge???) shared with us some stories from his recent trip to Paris.
I think that they mean , , and because when you assign them to another variable, you copy the value, not a pointer.
Edit: My first answer was nonsense.
(I do have the individual state map js files that have county infomation but have not yet figured out how to use them.) Below is the script I am using that is currently showing the default US map for drilling down to specific states:
Like most Jersey Mike's the ingredients are fresh and the subs are really good.\n\nOn Tuesday's you can get a regular sub, chips, and a drink for $5.99.
It does not get better than the Double Door Inn!
Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar.
\nOur food arrived and we all collectively lost our minds.
Well I got the catina bowl the other day, and I've had a few of them.
He was friendly and provided very quick service.\nIt turns out my back tire was fine.
Southwest chicken wings -cilantro- too good !
There are only two things I don't like at Bojangles, their bo rounds and their green beans.
Anyway, we got the Brunch prix fixed meal with mimosas!
As is, the crash report will not help you.
He's very critical of restaurants, so I take that praise pretty seriously.\nService was as friendly and informal as yo
So basically, what we are now attempting, is a tasks that requires us to script a program in which the user is asked two variables.
The first time, we both got the tonkatsu ramen with a gyoza appetizer.
Fortunately, PHP offers an elegant solution for filtering collections with Iterators, so let's put the responsibility for filtering into separate classes as well: This class merely makes sure the child classes accept only children of itself or CardBooks.
I've imported classes before and I have always seen the tips pop up, but not with JSch.
\n\nFor an appetizer, I order the Crispy Shrimp Rolls.
I can't think of nothing other than setting padding to 0 which doesn't work once again.
EDIT : I am Concerned about different Index created and having some common columns.
If you're OCD maybe just get a beer or don't sit at the bar where you can see this.
When a child endpoint of a foreign key is NULL, it shouldn't match any parent, even if the parent is NULL (which is possible if parent is UNIQUE instead of primary key).
The ambience was classy but not stuffy.
You should convert it to numbers:
Two separate gigantic dinner plates were needed for 1) eggs and home fries and 2) hotcakes which took up the entire plate.
I was also impressed with the wine list (which comes to you as more of a book than a list) and the many small-production Italian wines that it contains.\n\nThough a little tough to find, given it's strip mall locale, Mama Ricotta's is a must-try!
You'll need to modify this line in your code: To this: The space should be URL encoded in your request token path.
The best solution to this problem in general is to use the same template system and have both a JS and server-side implementation.
We started with the dip duo app.
Great store!\n\nOne of the previous reviewers seems to have had some bad experiences with service in the store; my experience thankfully hasn't been the same.
Abandon Session Without Clearing All Overview : I created a system that have Customer area and Admin area.
Rally Lookback: help fetching all history based on future state Probably a lookback newbie question, but how do I return all of the history for stories based on an attribute that gets set later in their history?
Oh, and no, they're not hiring.
Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.
If so, you can try this: 1) Write your VBA as an "Auto_Open macro" or use the "Open" event on your worksheet: 2) Make sure your Windows file associations are set so that Firefox will open your .xls(x) file or link with MS Excel 3) You can use a file URL , format to link to the document
Try a Greyhound, but make sure you have a designated driver.
i have this data i post in a form action I want to know if there's a way i can wrap this post message in a php curl and send it to the server
Each time you click, you call this function.
Nice decor, rooms are up to date, good location.\n\nThe lobby bar in a little unique with the waterfall thing.
I have the following form I understand that this code accepts an input, and returns request.POST dictionary to the polls:vote view.
Price-wise, their items were pricy with the portions we received.
It was fine for a group of six for a business dinner, but I'd think for a date it might not strike the right note.\n\nI'd go back and try more of their menu and definitely get the oysters Rockefeller!
\n\nDue to an unfortunate circumstance of eating at a different hotdog shop during restaurant week, my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z.
The array does not contain repeated elements.
One had jalapenos - not exactly Asian, but muy caliente ...
The meal portions are reasonable and get extra shrimp sauce (it's the pink stuff)!
Understand Arraylist IndexOutOfBoundsException in Android I get a lot of from the any I use.
Just looking for a faster way to change out a specific word so I don't need to open all the files manually!
Overall, a great place for casual dinner and drinks.
Could have just been my particular rolls, tho).
There is currently three registered tasks; As you can see from the source, the task includes running the configuration.
javascript date varies across timezone I am using the above code to convert a user defined text to actual date for use in rest of my code.
My husband ordered eggs and hash which were also good but overly salty.
I found that the amt was kinda high for all lunch entree's when 2 of the meals were kids meals.
So can any one help me, where I am going wrong?
If you are looking for a salon and stylist in Pittsburgh, look no further than MCN Salon and Sarah!
They have the best pancakes and freshly squeezed orange juice that I've ever had.
Here is what I get after calling : =========================================================== Original message: I'm trying to make my client (the client is not written entirely by me) work with a published web service over TLS (the client works over I'm new to this area I've never worked with web services closely before.
1)Use KeyBindings KeyListener has 2 big issues,first you listen to all keys and second you have to have focus and be focusable.
Run the following code in a console.
But the fries, the fries win my seal of approval!
here in my code what happens when i execute it ....
\n\nDrinks aren't cheap, but these drinks are for sipping anyway.
I had the Max's Sausage Platter.
I need to change the .txt files encoding to utf-8.
Their hot food looked good, but I wanted something to grab and go.\n\nFunny thing, in the time that we were there, three people commented that they really liked my tattoos.
Pamela's is pretty small, there are maybe 20 tables - some for only 2, some for 4-tops, but the turn over time seems pretty fast.
Perhaps i need to use something other then a std::map or perhaps there is another overload.
It's obvious that information about successful authorization should be stored in some place, which is shared between various pages.
PHP uses a lazy copy called copy on write, where it is really a read-only reference.
I have already read several answers, posts, guide, docs and tutorials about cascade classifier but I have some problems.
So in that case, I switch to the turkey burger, which is actually pretty juicy and delicious itself.
It was filled with shredded coconuts, cherries and cashew nuts.
The museum had some interesting facts and interesting exhibits though.
In addition, you can extend only one class, whether or not it is abstract, whereas you can implement any number of interfaces.
A good place to buy gifts for guys, even if not cigars, especially the cool zippo lighters.
I think it has to be the sauce, it is so so so so sweet and just abosultely amazing.
You will find rocking Chairs in the main food court area as well as the E Concourse.
Easy to find on Park Road and reasonably priced.
My friends have a hard time talking me into trying any other Thai restaurant as I keep coming back here.
Tough choice - almost all of them were Chevy \""Impalibu\"" but down at the end was a Chrysler 300 with working satellite radio (hooray!).\n\nReturning the car at the end of the week was a cinch.
If you are looking for big cookies and other bakery items, be sure to stop here!\n\nI love their chicken and dumpling soup.
That you have a third action like this would explain this behaviour of course you don't need the parameterless action either, that's just a special case of the message one, where message is empty
In the wording in which you've posed the problem, the only correct solution is a double iteration over A and B and filter, as you've suggested.
My problem is that the highlight code is in a plugin that wants to play well with an arbitrary page's existing CSS...my selectors are like this: Background is a tricky one...because although it is not an inherited CSS property, changing an ancestor's background can alter a descendant's appearance (if they have transparent backgrounds).
\n The cobb salad is just a cob salad, but some how they make it better than most.
values Retrieve all the values of an object's properties.
\n\nyou can't find a place like this easily, trust me, i have tried!
We had waffle fries, potato chips and the pub fries, which are beer pattered.
Here is my copy of the WSDL.
The method itself does not declare a generic type variable, it just refers to the type variable from the class scope.
ApplicationCache is an interface so you have to write your own version of getStatus method.
Coffee Tree Roasters has become a coffee shop staple for me to work and study.
In my haste to get dinner before I passed out, I almost made the mistake of entering Fazio's, the other hole-in-the-wall pizza joint on Penn Avenue in Lawrenceville.
Fantastic food - top choices are the mozzarella and prosciutto appetizer, meatballs app, all pizzas, and gnocchi.
If overall fitness and money weren't an issue, you would probably find me eating here 6 out of the 7 nights a week.
Falafel is not the best in town, but try the gyro, which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate.
Can't view Heroku logs - Cannot read property 'run' of undefined I am attempting to deploy a python3 app to heroku.
I almost don't want to give the secret away.
\n\nAlso, SN: the brunch menu says assorted muffins and bread.
She never let our glasses get empty.
\n\nThe roasted beet salad ($10) was a nice start.
What are possible reasons for this to happen - in a context of multithreaded Qt+pure pthreads application's plugins trying to communicate directly?
MMmmmmmm\n\nI feel like I would ruin it by saying more: so please, just got eat some delicious fried chicken here.
\nI enjoy coming here for a quick mexican fix for lunch or dinner.
(How the comparator sorts your objects is completely up to you to decide.)
I was pissed because the lady on the phone insisted that we do not need a reservation and here we are stuck waiting.
\n\nThe food itself is every so slightly above par.
For me, this ERROR was the result of utilizing NSURLProtocol and the "setProperty" method.
You have two options there: User @Ajax.ActionLink ( ) You can write your own jquery ajax request that invokes your controller method and returns the partial view.
Then add a link in IB from File's owner to your localAdViewController in AdViewController.
You can do this using scripting variable and using the option of utility.
Before I proceed any further I just wanted to be sure there wasn't already a standard, web-safe, font that resembles these letters.
The staff was very helpful and the business center provides free Internet access in case you want to print out your boarding pass without incurring a fee.
I want to write macro so that vlookup formula applies only to the blank cells, rest of the data remain intact.
The 'filename' instance member being a 'final' in the File class can anyway not be modified to point to any other String object specifying any other file than the intended one (i.e., the one which was used to create the File object).
For me, having the most authentic pizza also means they make the best pizza.
Edit: Here is the PostGres description of the table in question
The second difference is that in the fiddle, the element shows a height and a width of 54px and 100px (respectively) but in the actual application they both are reported to be 'auto'.
Java error trying to add admob It shows red errors and I followed the instruction in Google site.
Edit: Notice that the counter is "bytes received per second".
I'll give you a four this time, if only for the blandness of the prix fixe.
Jquery + rails 4 + Mac + Safari This script is running on Mozilla and crome but while using Mac OS and Safari Browser its showing NaN-NaN-NaN while conversion of date string to Date Object.
I've had the Kona Bone-in Rib-eye and the Tenderloin with Lobster.
The following code snippet illustrate an example of usage and creation of an OWL expression using the OWL API (taken and adapted from there ):
After installing SL4A: press the Home button press Add button go to Interpreters press Home button again press Add again pick Python Interpreter and install it and after that a new screen will appear with an Install button on the top, press it and it will download Python 2.6.2, at the moment, for you.
The bartenders do a nice job on the bloodies and Old Fashioneds.\n\nWant to eat?
Its seating area is small - maybe seven or eight tables?
Everything is good and the service is great.
I am currently using the version 1.5.1 of the SDK, which doesn't support this functionality.
Came here to service my 2011 Subaru Forester, the brakes were making noise and after getting a ridiculous quote from Goodyear I came to Folder Subaru.
how to interchage image banners randomly when page refresh?
The problem is that you're producing this JavaScript inside the : As you can see, you're trying to use a variable called there, you aren't using the string .
I has to stop at this airport for my lay over on us airways going to Philly.
returns a list of strings much like the terminal command .
However, unless your service NEEDS to run in the foreground, you should implement your service to gracefully handle being torn down and built up by the system, since it usually kills the service for a good reason.
I've only been here two or three times and I agree that this little cafe is a well kept secret.
You're missing quotes around your tag.
There was also a raspberry version.
This is all because the second part is I will have to create a little code to ask the user to input all the values for variables, then create a table to stock the Cars the user creates.
the details are: the file index.php the output is: the file hello.php if i run it I got here is my local folder on windows: C:\Program Files\Zend\Apache2\htdocs\www\oop\shape2 what shell I do slove the problem.
\n\nOur experience with the Amtrak is best described as laid back.
If Panera Bread offers free wifi, I think a full service Marriott should too.
The ambiance is enjoyable with the cabin feel, and if you're never tried buffalo, you have to try the buffalo burger.
It had a good flavor though.\n\nThe second time was this month (July 2014) and I got the brisket platter with two sides.
\n\nThe Dunhill is not cheap but my company has a group rate which I am happy to take full advantage of.
You might not be able to do a full grocery shop but you can certainly buy up a cartloads worth of stuff and in the process save some money on the bulk.
Stopped after a long day on the road.
We had a great time and so happy that they scheduled the same weekend as the Bead Show!
Sorting by time.Time in Golang I am trying to sort struct in GOlang by its member which is of type time.Time.
I have an encrypted value, why wont it go into the varbinary field?
\n\nEven though I said I was generous with the stars I do consider myself a fan.
(The David, The First Date, The Pittsburgh, The American Dream, The Spicy Tuna and a Shrimp Tempura roll.) The rolls were all placed into 2 containers and none of them were labeled.
A couple of things on the menu I don't care for are the shrimp and grits if your thinking you'll be getting some southern shrimp and grits I will steer you away from this entree you will be disappointed.
Entity Framework: Get Model with Linked Models in Many to Many Relationship I'm coming from TSQL + C# land and have been trying to adapt to linq and EF.
Finally I train my classifier with this code: After read some posts I've choosen -numPos smaller than 1500 samples previously generated (but where are they?).
It seems like it could be highly stressful for the servers, but Diane was smiling every time she came back.
In static LINQ you'd do all the .Sum, .Average and .Count methods and return a new anonymous type with the values.
The service is incredibly slow though, takes FOREVER to our meals!
Based on this page: I cannot see any of these feature to works: Tab to Next Reference : no effect when I put caret on a variable and press tab ( a tab inserted at the middle of my variable name!) Highlight All References: pressing ctrl+alt +u add a ascii character to source code.
As a workaround, What I did was this: You can see exactly what I mean on a test blog i create with three random videos: But the problem with the resizing still remains.
Here is my reasoning.\n\nAndy is not just a funny guy, but is very generous.
I even tried absolute links á la "src:url('d:/myProject/fonts/flexslider-icon.eot');" and it still didn't work.
Prices are decent and the location isn't too far out of the way
Although it certainly makes some things easier it can also make other things not envisioned by the authors harder then they need to be.
There is a generic ATM that charges $1.75 to make a withdraw.)
I first thought this is the old bug with Qt::ItemIsEnabled coming back which we already had in 4.2, but it was not.
\n\nThat ambiance easily carries over to the menu, which is small but that just belies how big the typical portions are.
McHale's is a great local bar, with a really terrific staff.
My wife and I would actually go there more often if we didn't have to wait forever for a table.
It's usually better to add new tests than to replace old tests with new ones, even if you end up with duplicated tests.
With Collapse This is now really weird, it seems the collate function actually put the inner borders OVER the outside borders...
Now only the (and the 's I've fiddled with) is "clickable".
I always try to ensure I have adequate cash on hand to provide them with a tip as they consistently load/unload my suitcase on the shuttle bus.
Retrieve Data Step by Step after a certain delay using ajax and jquery in php I am a beginner at Jquery.
Any ideas on how to produce really standalone executables?
In fact, new functionality brings you to new version of your software.
Great food and great Beer....not a bad combo.
There is a long standing debate between my friends and I over the best Indian restaurant on Green street.
Their grilled chicken (#30 something) is perfect for people who dislike pho.
See for more methods on getting away from relying on select and activate to accomplish your goals.
I then have 2 WAR files.
I can't say enough nice things about them!
And my friends and I have been going basically every week for about a year.
Being in a jam, I had it towed there only to later find out that it had changed ownership and become Tire Kingdom.
I just want to mention that we came back on a Sunday afternoon at around 8:30.
While I like Joel and the list is a good list, it's only a starting point and without proper knowledge of how to apply any part that that test tells you to apply, you won't get far by just introducing them to your team.
The place is not fancy, but their service is outstanding.
For example, I have an entity type named Expert Expert has a repository named ExpertRepository.
It's pretty impressive to cook one this well because I've had a few that were as tough as a leather bag.
I walked up to the counter smiling ready to order, and the guy just stared at me like I was interrupting something that he had going on.
Not sure where this user could be referenced?
I do want to add you won't be paying a fortune at this place.
But what is the unit of position.x or position.y ?
Years ago, this used to be a place called Stockade and I loved it.
First off, the code: xaml In short this line: throws an error "System.InvalidOperationException" This operation is valid only on elements that have this template applied.
In the loop, you already know that is a in the original document - so to get just its children simply use a relative xpath:
The art and music promotes an inviting warm home-style environment.\n\nI'm only giving this place 3.5 stars because of the food.
Here's my spring config: And here's the spring-repository-config.xml: If've added debug breakpoints in all the methods of the com.myapp.repository.impl.MyRepositoryFactoryBean class, but these were not called.
The chicken tikka masala is nice and creamy with good flavor.
There is only 1 on the page so you can just find it by tag name.
IDE integration: Jupiter is based upon the Eclipse plug-in architecture.
(Note: I have searched the entire solution for that username and it doesn't exist)
Plus, if you check out Sailfin's website, you find that there's always a sale or deal of some sort going on.\n\nYou have to check this place out!
Reid's is a fun little market where you can find eclectic grocery items that you might not find anywhere else.
Even the bar was shut down!
I had bits of my moms duck which was also delicious and the boyfriends sea bass was amaze!
So, right now I do this and when I swipe it diisplays ONE item and I get this error What am I doing wrong?
The only direction I can think about is running two angular applications, in parallel.
I also tend to go at off-peak times which I think has helped me have a better experience (mid mornings on the weekends can get very crowded and you'll have a wait).
You will want to use the GoogleCredential class to gain a new access token from an existing refresh token, that you well need to store (using whatever method you want, such as MemoryCredentialStore).
When damaging your liver it's best to use only the freshest and best quality ingredients and if you want to do some serious damage then you should definitely check out Mardi Gras.
One option is to define a custom JsonDeserializer, however better would be to not use a HashMap (and definitely don't use Hashtable!) and instead give Gson more information about the type of data it's expecting.
Overall I would say I was pleased & that we will be returning there again.
How to do it properly ?
Some sample data: A simple scatterplot with two facets: I can set the axis limits for all panels with (or a wrapper for this like ) but how do I set different axis limits for different facets?
Despite trying to lose weight, I'm sure I will, too!
The result refers to the same object as the source glvalue, but with the specified type.
She realized she left something very important at home, so I contacted a business in Madison to purchase it for her.
That basically means you have a Makefile.PL that describes the dependencies formally, and your application is in the script/ directory as myapplication (assuming it's a command line/desktop app).
I have very limited patience for shopping, so this visit was a great experience.
Each order has one or more date_orders, and you should be able to create the first one through this form.
Thanks to anyone who looked into it.
It checks for code coverage of tests in minimum time.
My wife and I went for our anniversary the year before last, but as other reviewers have stated, I remember the experience like it was yesterday.
yes, it's great quality fish and yes, the decor is very traditionally beautiful japanese...
I will be taking my car and my husband's truck here from now on.
Also delicious.\n\nThe sampler platter is a great deal if you don't know yet what you like.
I recommend the external USB drive route.
Grilled cheese was favorite too, but some of these options are not offered as many Hooters are franchised.
During compilation time, this data is stored into some memory area ( usually read-only memory, which cannot be altered, or atleast any attempt to alter the contents will result in UB ) which is allocated by the compiler itself.
An excellent grocery store with lovely produce, meat and deli.
This is one of my favorite airports because everything is very fresh, bright, cheery and nice!
This is one of the best bars in the city.
I think the examples are pretty close to being exactly what you want.
You can watch as they pull the bread out of the oven and wrap it up for you.
The should turn the into a png image file and save it to the computer.
The reason I want to save it is that when the document gets created using python docx and I pass the paragraph function the style it will be with the new values.
Ordered online and couldn't believe how fast the food came.
\n\nIf you come to visit Champaign, you simply MUST join the 60,000 member mug club, and take in some of the history at the Inn...
However, whilst it works for most accounts, Yahoo, GMail and Sky seem to show blank emails.
: Which axis to assign this series to, where 0 is the default axis, and 1 is the opposite axis.
I wish more people knew about Wood Street Galleries!
My family actually prefers this place to other pizza places in the area - or did before they stopped serving the onion rings!
The problem is obviously name collision, so you would have to patch angular code and have your own version.
Use a transparent on all the other to make it good.
Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks.
Rest you need to take care on the client side.
However, I was literally the only person in line.
I think it will be easier and more correct: is a that allows you to call on the side your method with minimal dependence and from different controls.
I go here quite frequently at least once a month.
All MongoDB content is basically a BSON document in this form, which is just "translated" back to native code form by the driver to the language it is implemented in.
You have to use Reflection, please look at I added a new double?
You can also position it elsewhere with and / , / properties.
There isn't a ton of options because this is what they do and they do it very very well.
How to change url based on input type selected using javaScript/Jquery?
They were my lifeline to not having a baggy suit to this fancy dinner.
I like the scrollable Calendar App Widget (see picture), and I want to develop a similar scrollable widget for my application.
node.js: Is it possible to pass jQuery code in server-side html response?
Text arbitrarily not reading into buffer I'm trying to analyze philosophical and classic texts with the Watson Alchemy API, I'm having trouble with reading texts from a .txt file on my computer to a python variable.
Appears the script is intelligent enough to only load the cookies for the domain for which the script is being executed on.
Anyone know if the Azure portal performs any "adding" or similar?
The turbolinks gem caused the problem.
The appetizers include standard fare of cucumber salads, stuffed grape leaves, and roasted eggplant spreads (all exceptional in taste).
That being said, you still at the end of the day are stuck with something built around CVS's workflow.
I don't think we need in client machine as developer machine.
It's just a tad cleaner I think.
A second advantage, concerning generic types, is discussed in Item 27.
This is how one can redirect the streaming of execution results.
A few of them pay attention enough to recognize me and remember what I had on the last visit.
We will return to the Priory.
It looks like so long as there is at least one character between the s in the raw markup, the spacing is correct.
It's really the only thing I remember, but it stuck out enough for me to want to write a review about it.
I've been using ASP.NET and PushSharp to send push notifications to my iOS app clients with the simple following code (after certificate configurations etc): This worked perfectly on isolated hosts running classic IIS/ASP.NET but now I'm moving towards Windows Azure.
Great help from Tracy and Heather tonight from jewelry department.
Service was pretty quick and the prices were not bad either.
I don't even like Meatloaf and I literally savored each bite of this culinary masterpiece.
The portions are large and the quality is good so it's probably justified.
When dividing by you are only generating a mantissa of 15 bit instead of the 23 possible bits.
They have fresh made hummus, dips, pita bread, you name it!
I came in there with a curly mess of long hair that hadn't been attended to in 9 months, and I left with hair worthy of an Herbal Essence commercial.
Note that WebViewController is a ViewController which I created a custom initialization for so I could pass in a URL, and load it in the UIWebView once it's pushed to the Navigation Controller.
I thought it might have to do with being in init but moving it to another class routine, e.g.
Firebird is an open-source version of Interbase.
I've tried with the following code but it is not working: server code client code thanks for the help
General Tao's was very yummy too.\n\nAll in all, a VERY tasty meal in a town generally lacking good Chinese (except for Dragonfly off Park Road which is equally yummy).\n\nDefinitely will return to try other tasty morsels!
The results are all products with tags.
PHP Template - Using extract() and access vars by object.
\n\nPeople say Mozart has came into their apartment unannounced but that hasn't happened to us yet and Pennsylvania doesn't have a law requiring management companies to notice tenants when they will be coming over.
To get the data in ASCII add CCSID 1208 (819 is not possible) in the XmlSerialize function and make sure that the ifs-file doesn't exist.
I know the problem here is that everytime I start this class, is getting reset to System.currentTimeMillis() because I only press Spacebar.
Ard took a picture of his beef ribs with his Blackberry.
You also need to change: to you're querying twice with and connecting twice, which is a contributing factor, then again , it may very well be "thee" reason which I suspect it is.
Absolutely the best club sandwich I have had in a looong time.
Will go again when I'm in Pittsburgh
The best word to describe them was \""sublime.\"" My main dish, salmon, was equally superb.
If your in Charlotte definitely make your way to Cajun Queen, highly recommend making a reservation you will be seated quickly and highly recommend using there complimentary valet parking you just have to tip the guys, great New Orleans Cajun/creole style food in Charlotte, their Sunday brunch is awesome as well!!!!
It sounds like your VBA script is in an Excel spreadsheet, and you want it to automatically execute when you invoke the .xls(x) from Firefox.
I'm thinking all you are really looking for is where line segment intersections .
You just have a simple misspelling in there.
All in all I was pleasantly suprised with how much I actually enjoyed this place.
Every time a vector's capacity is grown the elements need to be copied.
I want the focus to go back onto the last text-input that the user had focus on.
I have tried both external and internal js code but to no avail.
Again, the only drawback was the 2.5 hour meal.
They have a really good breakfast special.
It's usually fairly empty whenever I'm there, but it still takes a little time to get your food, which I don't mind.
Cute little bar tucked away in the 4th ward neighborhood.
Note that for this reason, is inherently a modifying operation and thus non const , while isn't inherently modifying but can allow modification via the returned reference, and is thus "transitively" const: will be a modifiable lvalue if is a non-const vector and a const lvalue if is a const vector.
It is actually a different Hawkins.
You have several options to make it cleaner: Option 1: Use the CSS pseudo-class like so: This has the advantage of not requiring any back-end logic or special markup.
Looking for some of the more unique flavors in smaller sizes, check.\n\nPrices are high: some bars probably can be found at lower prices elsewhere but the range isn't available.\n\nI'm knocking one star off because the paths in the store are narrow making it hard for people with mobility issues to manuver.
The only bummer is the lines for this location (and all Pamela's locations in fact) are super long around brunch/lunch times.
you should expose a DateTime dependency property on the control, done like so: if you want this to be auto generated, what you should do is have an ItemsControl that contains this dayControl of yours, like so: and then DataBind it from code behind:
Fortunately we have ThreeTen Extra , the project that extends java.time (310 being the number of the JSR defining java.time ).
I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here.
It tasted too good that we finished off the bread.\nOrdered Bruschetta for appetizer, Chicken Marsala and Gnocchi.
I have the following model … I’m having an issue when I try and save my entity with non-empty state and country objects.
(sorry Bordeaux - I won't be visiting you anymore)
Calamari is great and the warm mascarpone dip is...drool worthy.\n\nMy husband always gets the penne a la vodka with chicken---every.
They have bed stuff, bath stuff and beyond stuff.
Prices paid on trades are fair as are the prices for the guitars and amps.
The place was filled to the brim with people.
The script below presents two challenges, 1) It includes the entire path from the root directory, and two, it deletes the name of the file, therefore only allowing one file to be renamed before it errors out.
You haven't specified the IE version you're testing with, but your code appears to work fine in IE9 and higher, so I'm going to assume you're testing in IE8.
I think your problem is not DirectShow.
It was cooked perfectly and so the shell had a great crispy exterior while the interior with the vegetables had a softer texture.
as far as we assume that JavaScript's or can be used to execute application's "internal" background process, there is no problem - Just DO it!
It was 1:00 pm on Friday and i was in a serious bind...
There is no way to accomplish it through the preference XML.
\n\na bit partial to the mid-century i was disappointed that there were only two booth that gave me my fix.
I already have code that retrieves the image from the clipboard into a bitmap format.
You need to change the jQuery code like this: Notice the removal of after the binding which caused it to trigger the change right after the binding was done.
I got stuck at the train tracks fo like an hour, so I pulled into this lovely little garden.
I've performed some tests, and the problem is solved when I add ".json" to the url, however, this is not easy to manage inside backbone.
I would really appreciate any help, been battling with this for a few days now.
I had to go back to work right after so I couldn't have my eyes dilated, they said to come back whenever I had time for it, so I did and it was fast and easy.
You have to add rule like this.
I had never stayed alone in a hotel and got upset while eating in their restaurant and the wait staff took care of my meal!
But see what the is doing with it: ...
The servers are always friendly and attentive and I've never had a bad experience here.
It's the cutest place, and this is the perfect place for a night out or even to get beer for a night in.
javascript reset on close I am not an expert on javascript, and I am currently trying to breakdown a previous programmer's code.
HOWEVER, the Mac & Cheese was excellent and as a connoisseur of mac-n-cheese, I know my stuff.
I needed new suit pants altered and my flight was leaving the next day at 10:00 am.
but i get this error: identifier expeted at " ".
Assuming your puppet master is Puppet Enterprise also, otherwise a PE agent will not work with it.
Use another "next"-pointer for a second linked list of all the nodes.
if anybody else (like me) wants to try to get some jdbc information and you are using hibernate 4.x, you might try it that way: Now you can retrieve your information like that: Hope that helps!
Also, the variable names, methods, etc are all imposed, I am FORCED to make the class this way exactly.
I would come here all the time if I lived in Pittsburgh.
The ramen was delicious and fresh with mushrooms, half an egg, three pieces of pork that were very tender, a piece of fish cake, and noodles with a lovely chewy texture.
Something like this: Then after the blocking call to your will have the standard out and standard error you are looking for.
It has been on the menu forever.
So, I've been using a free template for my website.
When I use Print (or Print Preview) in Firefox 3.6, the canvas is not displayed.
I could swear the code below was working before.
We both ordered the pasta trio and the waiters' were very attentive at filling up our plates as soon as they neared empty.
But they were very tasty....just picking.
You need to setup a delegate protocol.
Universal Business Language and dozens of others are documented at OASIS .
Why does this give an error?
How to send multiple messages to eventhub using python I already send batch messages using C# libs.
The light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed.
For example: The int a = 0; is dummy code and then I put a breakpoint there.
I don't think I'll ever even try anything else on the menu, since I can't get past these awesome pizzas.\n\nSo, Papa J's is the perfect place to go if you want great booze and good food at decent prices in a neat atmosphere.
Each bathroom has an attendant and is always clean.
California roll, 2 shrimp tempora, 4 pc.
If you need tools to belong to many different workers, then you need a many to many relation, if the tools need some specific restrictions (like skills) then again a many to many relation with specific limitations (a through table could hold extra information regarding the association, like worker 1 uses tool 1 every friday, that would be a through table of workers to tools with the middle table holding the day the worker uses the specific tool).
The dough is some sort of deep dish, but nicely crispy.
This language can be described by the regular expression , or by the content model A more general form of the question (with two required elements) is described in .
Love the Heavenly beds and the shower with multiple heads.
Yes, it is pricey but I think it's safe to assume that the quality and freshness of fish here is a little bit higher than the stuff you see at your local Giant Eagle.
It's removed from the main uptown area of Charlotte and it seems like this is the place where locals go.\n\nMy dinner was awesome.
My wife really enjoys the Americano.
I know this is a simple syntax error, but google isn't revealing the error of my ways.
But it depends on the programmer.
Do web apps encrypt passwords during login when integrated security is enabled within IIS?
What I want to know is: 1) Are there any papers or examples of this happening already in games?
Is there a nice way to chain together all the left outer joins?
Maybe you can post of what you're doing, because this SHOULD work.
The actual number of types that end up in one particular package is not that important.
To prevent that you can do this: As far as I know the control knobs cannot be changed.
I just wish the sides were a bit bigger.
and why doesn't CMD /c keep variables?
When I am eating it in Chicago, it is so good it makes me want to move back.
I went to Ri Ra a few weeks ago and had a great experience.
Does that sound like a while loop?
This can be useful to attach the Promise behavior to an object that already exists.
This is going to be short and sweet.
I had the wood fired pizza which was one of the best pizzas I've ever had.
The owner remembers my preferences, ALWAYS!
Setting the .pattern to xlNone removes the interior fill rather than painting it white.
I have followed him from different salons and was so happy when he landed at Salon Cercone.
Preventing browser loop I've created an app that opens when clicking a specific URL.
This method may be called after the request has been written via writeReq and reqOut.
Background: I find myself constantly searching for popups and reusable chunks I have stashed away in their own little facelets.
There are a lot of workarounds provided in other answers; they more or less solve your problem.
It is consistently good food and service.
The Pad Se Ew Beef is amazing & the chicken pad thai is to die for.
i would give andy 6 stars, if possible due to:\n1.
However, I came across this strange bug in Internet Explorer 8, and I can't figure out why it's happening.
I already made the KeyListeners, and that they only get activated when you press/release the spacebar.
It truly does cost a lot of money to cook your own food.
Here's a typical use of static methods mixed into a class: It's the static factory method pattern.
My partner & I had a truly \""spiritual\"" food experience here.
I had stopped at several big box stores around the city before here and left each one of them in disappointment.
The absolute best and friendliest way to ship a package in all of Charlotte.
Excellent bread and smoked sea salt, I could have just eaten that and been happy :) However, the quiche was amazing and service was excellent!!!
Kuhn's automatically receive 1 for being open 24 hours.
Actionscript 3.0, why is it missing good OOP elements?
The alert method can not display object structures, so you just get in that debug attempt.
Just remember ".findinbackground" will always go to a background thread.
Oh the deli men - they're hilarious.
I assume is responsible for render your listview component.
This is how I think it should work, but it is not, any suggestions?
Tullock automotive is a great local business in Stallings.
Every entree was about $12 and were ordered 4.
UPDATE: Looks like they have made some breaking changes in this commit: They are moving from the GAE Channel api, to a websocket channel.
As a spaghetti and meatball connoisseur, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of their plate!
These system properties are just where the default values come from, which is then used by , itself used by for example.
\n\nThe interior of Salsa's is average, but it's just good enough to let you know that you're in a Mexican restaurant and not a diner or strip mall restaurant.
The problem lies in that you are doing this: Since you are referencing hover_content directly instead of just including it in your application.js then you must tell Rails that you want this included in the asset precompile step.
As a1ex07 says in a comment, your code looks more like what you would put in than in a copy constructor.
The business center is great in a pinch, too!
My grandfather said it was incomparable to any bread pudding; it was a sweet, smooth, decadent indulgence that paired well with the house coffee.\n\nAnd the complementary salted caramels presented with the check were also amazing!
I walked through half of internet but no solution solves the problem.
These image folder are dynamically populated with images.
Then the issue appearing hits property doesn't exists.
The very next day we were craving for more.
I have check that in both case, when I click the list view give the right filter position and that the case.
The place gets crazy busy and I'm not exaggerating.
The rights (which website can use wich bundles) are managed in my application and are saved in the database (with the namespace of the allowed bundle).
To clean my imported data I use a lot of subset(), but this morning when running the code I got the Warning: It appears that I only get this warning after trying to run a subset function, but it blocks my whole script at the moment.
The naan and paratha were used to wipe up every last bit.
I'm able to delete the row from the database and shows the 'status' alert.
I know how to in the terminal.
To save token To retrieve file using token StorageItemMostRecentlyUsedList MRU = new StorageItemMostRecentlyUsedList(); StorageFile file = await MRU.GetFileAsync(token); UPDATE
The new Holiday Inn Greentree is beautifully remodeled and closely located to all the fun in downtown.\n\nThe rooms come equipped with a microwave & fridge!
They said they'd still have some old familiar items on the menu but would have new stuff too.
But I cant resize it .
All in all, a great experience.
It is great in the summer and fall because they have a few tables outside.
Finally, the exceptions will be handled in the second part of the work using a separate validation loop.
Solution Update Jan 12, 2013 I think more people will discover this solution if I rephrase the question that you asked so people understand that you want to listen for changes to .
It is a cozy hole in the wall.
Sauce is great, cheese is great, service is always friendly and entertaining.
Drive thru service is always great and restaurant is always clean.
Only difference will be that the case2 will leave the reference to the function generator even after the code is executed.
What you are describing is a multi-level structure and does not fit into the goal of the .
Guess who was X minutes late?\n\nReally, it is not that I have a problem with such a policy.
If it's not necessary, you should simply use static properties.
I was there with a group of 6 this time and everyone had clean plates at the end of the meal.
While in general, we can change any method which is returning void to return anything else without much impact, main method is a special case.
IF IT IS SUNDAY BEFORE 230PM AND YOU ARE READING THIS - STOP.
System.Web.Caching with WebSockets Is it possible to use classes from the namespace with an ASP.NET application which uses WebSockets?
please help ....the combo box is bound to the provider tables....
The letter is associated with some functionality (e.g.
Not the best I've had, but decent.
Stopped in here because the kids were hungry, yet again.
Always a lot to choose from and a great atmosphere in the heart of campus.
Others had the chicken creole, shrimp & grits, & fried shrimp.
i am using the jQuery '.slideToggle' method.
First solution (seen in CSS-tricks website): use relative positioning like Second solution: play with padding-bottom going from 3 to 0px when margin-bottom goes from 0 to 3px, if your design permits it.
Canonical (Ubuntu) tracks software package usage for their distro, so there's no need to rely on Stack Exchange issue counts to measure popularity.
I got a chicken sandwich named the chihuahua--chicken, avocado, cheddar cheese, salsa and jalape\u00f1os.
Sushi a la Andy the Sushi Guy at Wholey's~~It's what's for dinner!\nIf Andy didn't cut the roll, it would take two hands to pick it up and eat it like a ginormous fat burrito, kinda like you'd get in one of them hole in the wall Tex-Mex joints down close to the border (the US Border, that is).
We both ordered the deep fried cod.
Here is the whole stack trace: Thank you buddies!
So, if now i need to make a ssl request i will have to use HttpsURLConnection (?) and create a request.
python socket json -- no JSON object could be decode My python version is 2.7, and I encounter a problem as below picture This is the client And this is the server However, I still get the username and password...
So this place is right up my alley.\n\nWhen we were first handed the lunch menu, I thought, \""Eh.\"" It's short and seemed really random.
The page content itself load fine but Images but more annoying Scripts (Javascript) seam to hang and never come down and depending on the content it might lock up the page on Ajax Postback.
This is by far the best dentist I have ever been to.
Although they haven't had a great season, they make up for it by entertaining their fans during the game.
This is because Cibyl uses GCC soft-float support (though using "real" Java bytecode floating point instructions) while NestedVM translates MIPS FPU instructions.
Make sure to checkout the lounge upstairs during those cold winter months.
I've tried it all and never had a bad meal.\n\nI know this review sounds more like an ad for the place, but I really have nothing bad to say.
This location is smaller, but cozier.\n\nI've never been in this location when there's a big crowd so I'm used to coming in ordering and having my caffeine fix given to me immediately.\n\nThe staff is friendly and there is a good amount of art displayed on the walls (I think it's one of the staff's friends that is a photographer), but the photos are always great to look at and are good conversation starters.
without doing your homework for you...
As your error log shows "open_basedir restriction in effect." you can't really include anything outside from your basedir or outside from webroot in this server without changing the php configuration open_basedir variable
So I can tell you about the brunch of course.
However, when I export my jar, and copy the resources into it with 7Zip, the images will work, but the sounds and the text files can't be found, even though they're in the same folder, with the same path used to find them in my code.
See this article for more details: Understanding HTTP content negotiation: Restlet provides out of the box content negotiation.
DE-licious, but almost too rich for such a balmy night.
I understand that they are trying to keep things healthy and all, but without any grease, the food was easily burnt.
After I upload the Aus.geojson file (routing app coverage file) I get the following error: JSON file you uploaded was invalid.
Friends, if you are going to Pittsburgh and don't stop by Pizza Perfectta, you are missing out on service and food combined that is must have.
I have defined this DataTable in C# but I need to do computation in R, that is why I need to pass it to R.
Then I use and typings also found a history type definition and installed it, but when I try to import TypeScript doesn't know anything about it and talks about missing modules again.
The vegetables that the duck came in were nice and fresh tasting and not soggy, despite the fact that the curry came in a bit of a soupy broth.
\n\nDeli/Made-To-Order: The deli and made-to-order foods are currently my favorite.
We got beef hou fun, a fish dish, and a chili chicken dish.
Sam's Cafe has a Lebanese dinner menu now, like Amanda W.
The one you are interested in is the geometry .
Can someone provide assistance and also give me a small example?
I would have loved to have this burger and the Burgatory toppings!
I usually get a cheeseburger or some kind of pita wrap there.
BrowseFragment class accesses search icon using title view's Since is 's private member, you cannot get search icon reference directly.
As you've noticed, system() waits for the other process.
BUT, for those who are sports fans and like to eat/drink while watching a game, you should be very happy with this place.\nPicasso's is very popular with the college-aged sports fan crowd -- particularly since it's located just up the road from UNC-Charlotte.\nThe food is standard sports-bar fare.
smartphone location services) of Kalman Filtering .
What could be the cause of this?
tyr only one line add in below:
Fixing C brings you up to 2.92 times faster, and D brings you to 4.2 times faster.
I'm using gstreamer 1.2.4 on a Banana PI (Debian Wheezy)
I have an all-pages WordPress installation.
3 good sized medallions with an interesting bean chorizo sauce.
I understand that it is a rapidly growing airport (it's US Airways' largest hub) and that it is expected to grow even more in the near future with a large increase in European destinations, but the management of the airport should be more organized with its growth.
The beer list is good and reasonably priced ($4).
Of course, if you want to store user-specific data in a session variable (i.e.
Later use the commands all are using That work for me.
The flavored coffee is the BEST, one can immediately taste the difference from the brews here and the nauseating Hazelnut that is sold at every other place that sells coffee.
You will then get the combinations you showed above, but it will also have rows where the keys matched.
I had a week off from work recently.
Every time my husband and I have their sushi, it's always fresh and tastes wonderful.
Also, i want to know which way can be more efficient for a distributed system.
Always great service at the bar from Tanya and Nikki.
You can do Java Serializable, XML, JSON, protobuf, or anything else that you'd like.
I was disappointed that there was no jalapeno bread left, but what can I do?
which causes sql error as "tagid" is not a field of photo listing.
The following will work too: List> ex = new ArrayList>(); ex.add(NotFoundException.class); now it depends what do you really need.
I've been taking the kids (cats) here for quite a few years after all of my friends raved about Sandhill.
Someone gave me the wonderful answer of:
How to apply vlookup formula in blank cells only I want to apply vlookup formula only in those blank cells B4, B7, B10.
Explanation: The way works is that it does expansion on singleton dimensions and performs the operation as listed with inside its call.
this regex will test if the string is starting with example.com
Also you are calling every time you want to get some data, call it single time and make the reference of it in bindView and use that reference every where.
I noted that people also seemed to be getting drinks at the bar timely as well.\n\nAll in all The Park House is a decent spot to hangout!
and if I try to just create the class using a class reference, i.e.: it works too.
So you could use the connection timeout: RestTemplate Constructor Alternativ you could create an AsyncTask and kill it :) Hope that would be enough, sorry, but nothing else found in Spring Docs...
All in the total cost was reasonable and we all had a blast.
When we came back 20 mins.
Large portion size, so I took one home, put it on a bun the next day and had a pork chop sandwich.
Don't give me a lot of fiddly fields, just one text field so I can type "Shirley Jones UAF"
In my research about rolling back transactions in EF4, it seems everybody refers to this blog post or offers a similar explanation.
Fast inserting or updating data from huge JSON to MYSQL with php In a project of mine I have a problem updating my mysql db from a huge json.
No one does a filet mignon as great as Morton's, and their Legendary Hot Chocolate Cake is to die for.\n\nSo, if the price is right ($50 a person or so), I say by all means, go here!
Contextual type 'AnyObject' cannot be used with dictionary literal multi level dictionary I'm running into an issue with creating a multi-level dictionary in Swift and have followed some of the suggestions presented here: The use of works for the first level of the Dict, but Swift is throwing the same error at the next level Dict, .
so i tried working with the syntax you gave me and wrote: but im getting a syntax error on the
Today I have typed the code on command prompt many times and after getting the success message, I've attached matlab.exe to visual studio and through setting a break point, I've debugged my code.
This is my new favorite place.
The selected item in the top ListBox is put into the bottom ListBox when the user hits Enter.
It is just a five minute drive to downtown.
Sure, the latter might take slight hits, but in the end, do not build something you do not want to maintain.
only the members of some given group.
If you save the script in a file called then invoke it as: .
\n\nOne of my other favorites at Tessaro's which I have to admit I haven't had in eons since we haven't made it there for lunch recently is the tuna melt on rye.
there is that uses a leaked implementation detail in old versions of python that can do it.
The class must implement and that should do the trick EDIT: If you are a jbpm developer, you may want to look at the above error trace that does not give an indication that it is in fact a serialization error on the programmers side that resulted in this error.
The Realtime Playground has an example of this.
I had the gnocchi, which comes with duck ragu - fantastic!
No mention of it on the website, but they don't want you to bring your own drinks into the courtyard.
But I guess something like that actually I come from jdbc background therefore have no idea how to do this and same thing I want when selecting the data from database using stored procedure.
note that the Gallery view is very inefficient and buggy so you shouldn't even try to use it.
How else can I tackle this?
Because of this, I have used RelativeSource TemplatedParent which seems to work in every situation.
Does the HTML 5 application (offline) cache have any benefit for online/connected apps?
Both the root beer and the ice cream were made locally.
If you use parent/child - you could use aggregations natively and use calculate sum.
it was the best turkey I have ever eaten!
Me and my family went because we were traveling and it was very close to are hotel.
In this example, I simply name the object (altGreen-E under Windows), which is compact, distinctive and unlikely to be used for other purposes.
Let's try to understand this whole process point-wise Instance variables defined in the controller action are shared with the rendered views.
Here is my code: gettable.php sequencingfile.html Notes The contents of the div changes to this: Great-Success "; ?> The html code is run after you click a button The div which I am trying to load the echo from the php call has id "tableHolder".
when i run the app second time i am getting the value.
I really love their PoBoys, crushed ice in their sweet tea, homemade onion rings like no one else and even their trout plate and tartar sauce.
Lunch on Wednesday is always really crowded (I believe it's because of the hot and sour soup served that day only) so get there before/after the lunch rush to avoid a long wait for a table!
Here is the code: And in my log debug I get : in fct, 1,2,3,4.
So your problem is that the repeated statements are effectively modifying the values back and forth.
We also tested on 3 different devices, but still no luck.
i think that the function is repeating it self and that's what's causing it.
A rails engine is waay too much overkill for this kind of (hopefully simple) requirement
I was pretty certain that she had UTI and it was confirmed.
I get the warning with Visual&nbsp;Studio&nbsp;2003 and Visual&nbsp;Studio&nbsp;2008 on the highest warning level.
The food always looks beautiful and is well liked (for those who do not like raw fish, there are lovely cooked things).
Cocoa - Pasing JSON crash on null What is the best way to prevent my app from crash?
Really nice hotel close to everything in the uptown area.
NullPointerException when reading manifest signed webstart jar behind authentication layer I have a java webstart application running in a tomcat web server.
This is a well run restaurant with great food, great consistency and excellent service.
I'm following a tutorial called , which gives directions on how to use virtualenv and virtualenvwrapper, among other things.
Note that you really don't need to test the case where the first letter exactly matches as that is a subset of the case where you are ignoring the first letter.
Maybe the breads and side salad filled me up.
That being said, the "let it fail" approach can backfire if you cannot completely recover after that, as demonstrated by Ariane V .
Removed the abstract class and made it an interface with a single public getEncounterId() method Modified FooEncounter to implement the above interface Removed generics from the EncounterPDFExport class Modified the encounter field to utilize the above interface rather than a generic Apparently, I'm hitting some Hibernate bug/limitation when accessing fields within FooEncounter.
I really wasn't sure what to expect, but boy, was I happy with what we walked into.
I could use a second pair of eyes.
Make sure to log back into your Google Play account after you do this.
how to unsubscribe livequery in orientjs When my NODEJS web service stops, I find the LiveQuerys remain connected.
Maybe set up a regular view controller.
I was considering to do this with spring-security, but I want to do this with servlets because it's essential things to know for each web developer.
I have a form Initially the url is If I select the option from Category the URL must change to and when I select option the url must be .
So with var.tpl, if i can easy change the class of my div #center_column I have a doubt with this code : Is it right to assign var center_column in the root scope ?
How do I add new buttons below existing buttons?
Wish I could go more often but I can never remember the hours as they are open later at night than during the day.
Sweetie opted for the Sea Bass for a $12.00 upcharge.
Well the food was just outstanding also.
Well, I fix the problem in this way...
However, if you update to TeamCity 8.x there is now the concept of project hierarchies.
there's lots of parking and its a great place to spend the day with the family and or friends.
Your second file - - cannot be an Activity.
(even I set it to 'block') 4.Could you guys give me a better css style code?
Use the method: DEMO Edit : In case you have a string containing multiple (space-separated) words, try something like: This would convert to DEMO
Yii is really a wonderful framework but it won't really help you with GA programming.
Tried a slice ifU daughters pizza, very good!
\n\nOur waitress was a sophisticated, demure lady who catered to our every need and helped us navigate the wonderfully creative menu.\n\nWe were given yummy complimentary scallop appetizers over baby veggies.
I would not expect to get the same rate at this hotel once the construction is completed.
As usual, they blew my mind.
The lunch buffet is probably one of the better Indian meals in Charlotte.
I have three tables: Each user has a specific value for each data field, and this value is stored in the DataFieldsValues.
In your case, this would work: Cucumber will execute the example found at each line number.
They are pretty strong and taste delicious.
Has it decided to truncate the text or not.
Simply join tableC to the other two tables using the attribute columns to create your insertion data:
Come in on happy-hour that you can get oysters for $2 and colossal shrimps for $2.25 at the bar.
The calling and main application can be the same application.
Just today I brought back in a colander that I couldn't get the sticky price tag off of (why do they do that?) and an ironing board without the packaging, no receipt, and got cash back.
But not every developer follows those principles.
hi now i am create simple andengine application...now my logcat indicate error....what mistake i made for my application.....
There are a few weirdos who are members and just take up space more then workout but oh well what can ya do about it.
Problems running Eclipse 64 bit on 64 bit LInux RHEL5 I have a fresh install of the latest Eclipse Helios for Java EE development installed on my computer for 64 bit linux.
Especially the double header makes the IE to switch to the quirks-mode (you can press to get the developer tools in IE to see it), and that causes the different rendering.
It is a workaround, but as my friend said: "Do you really care about how much clients' CPU you use?" :)
the length of the output will be 4/3 times of the length of the byte array
Some points: The program called in shell script does not need to interact with the calling program at all.
This overhead will likely be large for small objects (such as : on a 64-bits platform you are looking at least at a +500% overhead) because the cost of linking the nodes together is usually fixed, whereas for large objects it might not be noticeable.
You can actually see and taste all the different spices/herbs!!
So I've yet to go to the Waldhorn for lunch or dinner?
Can only vouch for the first balcony tier.
Very good soup and fish dishes.
Anyway to have programs share Windows Explorer icon overlays?
They are not as cheap as the share-ride cabs (like badger), but I felt a lot safer and more comfortable in a union cab.
You can create a seperate thread for it ..
I ordered the catfish and was reluctant at first since they give you a whole fish and I feared getting the meat off the bones.
Don't let that trio scare or fool you-.it's delicious \n\nNext weekend can't come fast enough to stop back\n\n...forgot to mention it took no time at all for 4 giant plates of food to reach our table.
Is there an overall template for the pivot control that can be customized?
Give and change to will work for you.
peep it out at least once.
Unfortunately, you cannot use the floating-point min or max operations to simulate those operations on integer data, as a significant number of integers map to NaN values when interpreted as floating-point data, and the semantics for NaN comparisons don't do what you would want for integer comparisons (you also would need to deal with the fact that floating-point encodings are sign-magnitude, so the ordering of negative values is "reversed", and that +0 and -0 compare equal).
Previously, I did not even notice they had kept it until I returned months later and it was not in my car, luckily they still had it.
I absolutely loved it except for the buns that turned out flaky with hollow spots and lacking flavor.
Try Your function was created with compilation errors, so there is something wrong with it.
We had a few cocktails here during a rained-out event they put on with the Young Affiliates of the Mint Museum.
Let assume hypothetical situation that I need to make two separate http calls.
Let's just say not everyone swimming doesn't have bladder control.
How to hide items of a combobox in WPF Is there a way to hide items of a combobox in WPF?
I see this in the log: Exception Description: Unable to acquire a connection from driver [null], user [null] and URL [null].
My boyfriend and I splitt the pork ribs and we were both stuffed.
I haven't used it so I don't know if it will fix breaks in new lines in the HTML but it might be worth a shot.
What solved the problem for me was to re-export my PNGs.
Try to replace with and with
For example, for a pipeline -> -> .
HTMLEntities seems to work but you have an encoding problem.
There are different approaches but none of them include "penalizing" developers for doing their job.
No, but you can pass your "crazy stuff" into , e.g.
This is the handler Declaration: And is as follows: From the logger I can see that is not being called from the thread.
Here are a few worth mentioning:
Adding a WCF Service reference in Visual Studio 2013 Following an example about WCF, it seems that in VS 2010 you could right click the references, hit "Add Service Reference", and then hit the "Discover" to get find services in the solution.
Perfect balance of spice, freshness, and a bit of sweetness.\n\nA good place for lunch - good atmosphere and incredibly crowded for how big the space is.
SQL : search from two tables I'm using SQL Server and I have two tables : : I want to create a view called view_test, The view's result : it shows How can I do this SQL ?
Great way to end the weekend.
I was tempted by so much but when the waiter mentioned their specials, I knew that the grilled pork chop in white gravy was for me.
Swing is a kind of extended version of AWT but with more GUI components.
We were at Lidia's for an early dinner before seeing a show.
At this point I've created an entity successfully called "Employees" with all the supporting files that JHipster provides.
Tullock is a man of integrity and character!
The staff is very kind and accommodating.
However, when i get to the recreate_versions!
Even the coffee was a notch above your typical breakfast joint fare.\n\nAND...
The burgers are huge and flavorful.
Building & using ZeroMQ with Visual Studio Anyone out there successfully building/using ZeroMQ under Windows (MSVC)?
\n\nYes, the old lady seemed rude.
Tracy (the owner) is absolutely delightful and always remembers our names, gives us discounts on various occasions, and gives us Christmas gifts!
Made me feel like hot stuff.\n\nSide note-be sure to bring cash for your tip-you cannot add tips onto your credit card/debit card, so you must have cash for tips.
You can't do it with jQuery's and function because it animates of the element.
We ended up having to rename the css and js files for every release :(
AFAIK, adaptive-scoring is Gnus trying to figure out scoring for the articles, but not the actual use of scoring.
Transparent frame in windows phone 8 / XAML I have two frames, main.xaml and target.xaml.
I've been given very specific directions on whatever needs to be worked on, taken back to the garage and allowed to see the old/new parts with no hassle.
Ambiguous: this means that you're missing some constraints.
A rare find with a dedicated customer base.
The cornbread has to be some of the best I have ever had.
Bob, Vicky, and their daughter Lori go out of their way to make people happy.
That is totally random (there is a airport down the road, and Hooters was on of the first restaurants you see when you drive up from it towards town, so he was probably refueling or something).
While it was busy, it wasn't so crowded as to feel claustrophobic.
My name is Karen, and I'm not the biggest fan of science.
well it's better described as \""systematic drowning\"".
Also, the operator is right associative, which means it will be called on the object found on the right side of the operator.
But they finished it by Thursday afternoon!\n\nI feel like I always get great service at Molnar's.
Here is a snippet for converting CMYK images to RGB colorspace:
One of the nicest experiences I've had when traveling.
See updated fiddle And if the value of the observable might change, then you can add an update section to the binding handler with the same code that is in the init.
Why did RVM break my MANPATH on mac osx?
So, to get the expected value of reward when starting from square c, you sum together the reward you get from different paths, multiplied by their probabilities.
To get a live stream, try switching for : This will encode the video at very low latency, instantly.
My solution performance is n * log(n).
The menu was very veal heavy.
Currying sometimes introduces closures as well.
\n\nThey share parking with the Mozart apartment building on the corner of Centre and Aiken, and it's easy to miss.
, the file may have its and information filled in.
Mama Ricotta's is like a nice warm blankie in the winter: comforting, familiar and shareable.
I want to only ADD any new content to the news feed.
The calamari was really unique but delicious.
All the variables have a set default value, a minimum and a maximum accepted value.
Chick-fil-A has pioneered the chicken sandwich, and they do it better than anyone else in town...
Food is typical quick prepare style yet well presented and not too bad.\nOh no water provided in room!
If you must use the .Net reflector to see what those API calls are really doing.
You should really be storing those names on an object stored in a global and not as global variables.
how do I do the reverse?
Ate here for dinner with my mom; this was our fourth time here, to which my Mom thoroughly enjoys when visiting me while I'm okay about.
Definitely one of the better restaurants I've been to here in Charlotte.
C++ has a default copy constructor that it creates for a class when you have none explicitly declared.
I asked if that was Turkish.
I checked this with a small sample code: After executing the code the Page-Layout is upgraded and uses the new page-layout.
the rect size is double the original size.
By checking with breakpoint it seems it is only called once.
In fact, it may be my favorite restaurant in town.\nThey actually have carnitas, which is a godsend, and all their dishes are executed well.
However, this may not continue to be true in future releases, and Oracle recommends that you do not treat empty strings the same as nulls.
You would do something like this: Also, you can just have webpy render an html page and put the radio button html tag into that page.
Will you please tell me where I am exactly going wrong.
Oh and did I mention that draft Yuengling is only $2!
Furthermore, how could I use FIND_PACKAGE to test if the third party projects are installed in the system, and if they don't compile and link against the included ones?
They recently changed the recipes for some of their apps, not for the better in my opinion, but the green beean fries are my favorite.
(Shouldn't it return a Polynomial?) A question: why do you declare two similar types, and ?
In your case you use an alias for but only use it in the clause for uncertain reasons.
I have had multiple curries, noodles, and apps, and none have disappointed.\nA few of my favorites, Chicken Dumplings (steamed or fried), Thai Spring Rolls, Pad Thai (naturally), Thai Cuisine Bird Nest, and Spicy Basil Noodles.
The gnocchi was so good, it almost ruined the pesto.
Dose z3 can give models incrementally, such as another set of models x=5,y = 2?
We sat outside, where it was pleasant even though it was the middle of the summer.
If you want to use sevp , use something like timer_create() and timer_settime().
You need to make this operation optional if is empty: This change works for me:
Remember to check in with Yelp to get a free coffee!
When you create a new App Engine project, all the required libraries are automatically added to the Module Dependencies : If you need more libraries, you should add them to the Dependencies manually and then configure the Artifact to include the libs: If you are using API from in your code, you need to add these jars to the dependencies as well, but with the Provided scope (and don't add it to the Artifact).
\n\nAnyway, do not come to Dor-Stop thinking they have become over-commercialized because of their appearance on the Food Network.
With more normal rain levels, this year promises to be even more challenging...and we're ready for it!
Saw some mixed reviews on Yelp, but I wanted nice food and live music.
We never got the iPod player, Microwave or Fridge.
You will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating.\nEnjoy....
In the code specified there is no implementation of com.konylabs.middleware.common.JavaService2 class.
It seems to me the only way to be "sure" of a URL is to attempt to resolve it, but I believe that will be prohibitively resource intensive.
\n\nBut if you're there, go with the fish.
I also had roasted shrimp for my entree, which were delicious!
I would like to know if there is a simple way to achieve what I describe below using .
In that last case, no need to modifying a local config: you build your command with the right parameters, instead of relying on a local config file content.
I'll explain my short story with R and big data set.
I do not remember how to associate the AuthorName to the UserID however.
I was able to create a option pane for my BMI program that asks which unit system(metric/imperial) with radiobuttons and this determines which calculation to perform when finding the BMI.
The Dor-Stop is my new favorite place to have breakfast, narrowly beating out my own kitchen table.
This is what I tried and nothing works: Do I need to update something or $apply()?
I visited a few years back and had quite a pleasurable experience.
It had 2 kinds of meat( ham and salami i believe) and cheese.
Thankfully, I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nI cruised the menu for my standby favorites but I spotted a Hawaiian fajita.
I never sit in and hang out, I always just stop by for a cup, and usually I go to Jitters instead ::shrug::\n\nI'd have to say that they serve you pretty quickly, though, which is good because it's always hella busy in there!
how do i change the display member of a ComboBox after i have entered a code in a textbox that it represent the combobox value??
The main reason we use normal vectors is to represent a direction; for example, if you are modeling a light source that is an infinite distance away, you can't give precise coordinates for it.
Beer aficionados rejoice!\n\nIf you're like me, you're sick and tired of going out for dinner and having 3-5 draft beers to choose from.
I signed up just now, but now I have to wait for them to get back to me: Thank you for registering with EpsonExpert.
Second, you can do so using code to call the REST based management API much like Neil indicated in the first link you included in your question.
You can use 3rd party library to get log about crash and exception.
They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast.
\n\nThere's a wide array of burgers, hoagies and sandwiches to choose from on the menu that range from good to really good.
\n\nMy advice for people coming here is to order a bunch of appetizers to share.
I've been asked to put every single file in my project under source control, including the database file (not the schema, the complete file).
Great buffalo chichen sandwich, and a great beer selection.
\n\nI got seafood Ravioli with pine nuts, which completely blew me away.
Does every view have its own canvas/bitmap to draw on?
\n\nFirst let me comment on the service...
You can just change this query string whenever the file is changed.
The potatoes were also amazing - true lyonnaise style with crispy outsides, warm insides, and plenty of onions.
However, if you continued and also found B, your total speedup would be 1/(1-0.51) = 2.04 or 104%.
jQuery I know the problem is: $('table.edititem', >>>this&lt;&lt;&lt;).toggle(); Because the table is not inside the ".button".
OpenLayers is the most featureful web-mapping client.
can i make a str_replace to remove this somehow?
Needless to say I devoured this bad boy and desperately needed a nap afterwards.
He made everything so easy and was very flexible to accommodate our wishes.
I keep setting this specified width of 344 or even less and this last set of text especially is just causing issues.
Ordered the large pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms (they are fresh, not from a can) and it was excellent, one of the best pizza's I've had in Charlotte.
Please consult the excellent documentation that pops up for each example to find out how it is bestto test them.
Is there a way to check if the grails app is currently in debug mode/development mode?
They're also really nice folks - easy to chat with, interesting, and attentive.
The guy behind the counter was very friendly and accommodating, though, and walked me through the process.
you have to MIME-encode your post: a binary post in an NNTP newsgroup is like a mail with an attachment.
Our movie at Phillips Place Stadium was sold out so we came in to grab a sandwich and easily killed an hour in the cafe area while waiting for the next showing.
Considering that I'm mainly interested in ES, which OpenGL version is most relevant, 2.0 or 3.0?
Not the time in your callback is importent, but the presentation time in the mediasample you get!
Outside was larger than I anticipated but we enjoyed every minute of it.
This functionality is working great but I am afraid of .
I also appreciate this facet of their bulk beauty department, because I can use a container I already have and buy organic and vegan soaps on the cheap (comparatively).\n\nIt's worth getting a membership, especially if you'll be around for a while, because that extra 10% off every now and then can really help when your ice cream costs $7 (rare treat) and the only soy milk that does it for you is Organic Valley's unsweetened wonder.
The default is for singletons (scoped at the webapp level), but they can also be session or request scoped, or an application can define its own scoping mechanism.
Five years ago I might have been more okay with an edgy haircut, but now that I have a \""real job\"", I feel more inclined to have normal hair.\n\nHere's the thing, Richard is an awesome stylist if you give him a lot of leeway and let him do his thing.
vs (further down in the blue table with the "killable" columns) Called when the system is about to start resuming a previous activity.
Why do I have to live in D.C?
The menu seems to be identical to that of the Walnut Street location.
The Levine Museum of the New South is the antidote to an otherwise historically-deprived city.
Overall, good food for a neighborhood bar.
This place was wonderful all around.
In my implementation I scale the image down before doing the comparison so that there are fewer pixels.
\n\nwith hype like that, i was hoping it would live up to expectations.
There is documentation on the Wiki:
b) expanding the goal predicate ...
We were seated around noon and I was starving.
I was horrified and delighted simultaneously.\n\nBut not as delighted as when my friend Emily and I orderd the \""Hawaii + Love Bowl,\"" a gigantic bowl of alcohol filled with cherries and anchored in the center by a small well of rum--SET ON FIRE.\n\nHells yes.
5) Add @Override annotation when you do overriding , also you should override instead of in swing.
Detailed guide for newbies like me.
The beer selection is great with many craft beers on tap.
The only function that won't work out for me are these lines: No matter what the user inserts, it only displays "We have not found your input".
I've seen where you can place the id at the end of the url, but I'm not sure how to build an additional string to a find query.
Right now all 10 functions are running at the same time (asynchronously?).
One of my favorite places for take-out in Pittsburgh.
Meanwhile I can change my code to support the new version of Imagick.
You can't prevent the user from switching back because you've spawned a separate process.
You can put the text in the clipboard and paste it, or use the SelectedText property instead:
True art of Indian food is to use variety of herbs and spices in a way that it enhances the taste of food, but doesn't dominate the overall taste.
I would have liked the bok choy to be cut a little smaller and the shitakes cut a little bigger, but these are very small complaints about an otherwise very enjoyable dish.\n\nMy mother when with the autumn vegetables and rice cakes, which really weren't \""cakes\"" at all, but more like small balls (about the size of a gnocci) made out of rice noodles.
This is one of the best, intelligent displays/educational interactions of birds of prey I have ever seen.
Alternatively, can anyone suggest a good workaround?
Does anyone have a different approach?
For a while I never understood why people raved about Cuisine Malaya.
Where in the middleware chain is newrelic injected?
Next to the conference room is the bathroom which they do keep clean.\n\nWeekends are typically crazy filled with people so if you want a seat either come early or come late (opened until midnight!) though offer a lot more seating compared to other places in the area.
She and others stopped by to check on us and refill our drinks.
lol.\n\nEarly one recent morning (still getting caught up on reviews!), I had their fried chicken, and it was excellent.
Currently, i have something in this form: I would like to be able to do something like where my regex_gen function looks like: but my regex_gen function isn't working so far, i am only accounting for white spaces in between the characters and character case.
I think it's due to my trying to replace the slot array with something other than 99.
And yes, if you're using mod_rewrite - make a front controller which will include all the other files, so - the only one file to place these settings.
We got there and at first were dismayed by the parking lot until we pulled into the actual place.
The meal we ate at the Capital Grille this week doubtlessly falls into this category.\n\nI know that Capital Grille is a chain, and an expensive chain as well.
\n\nAdded bonus: Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.
I know this is probably very simple, but I don't know what I would search for to find it.
The Arthur's menu offers a wide variety of options, including burgers, sandwiches, wraps, soup, salad, & grinders...plus wine desserts & other treats.\nA great spot found in Southpark Mall, to avoid the food court and maybe select something a little healthier.
I will definitely be going back!
They were really good and the tea stand was AMAZING
Your code is leaving uninitialized memory and that might cause undefined behavior , make sure that every pointer/data is zero'ed out before proceeding setting your flags/pointers: or even better:
Less than 1/2 price of a Tumi bag I looked at, but better.\n\nGreat selection, knowledgeable staff, good location.
You can use PDO start with this tutorial: I would also look up, PHP Classes tutorial, Preventing SQL Injection, Basic PHP OOP and PHP Sessions Tutorial.
Simple ColdFusion Form This is for a simple submit into a database.
does not convey meaning , so you should comment them: That way a casual observer will know exactly what the values mean.
The parking can be a pain on weekend evenings and the quarters can be quite tight, for these reasons I typically visit Cajun Queen on weekday nights.
It's a small hole-in-wall Mexican looking place, not American looking, kinda rough around the edges, it's not Taco Bell, so if that's what you want, American tacos and chimichangas and things like that, go to Taco Bell.
I feel compelled to say that I agree with Vinh about Mindy W.
:) great fast drive-in old school food.
Can you tell me what I might be doing wrong ?
Pretzel rolls are served with a spicy mustard on the side that is to die for.
i can't quite get my hair exactly to the way I like it, mainly because I can't quite describe how I actually expect the final product to be, but they do a great job with my vague descriptions.
I tried different project same things appears black screen again but no errors.
Nuff said...the crowd is always down \nThe Double Door never disappoints, great shows, great drinks specials and very casual.
NSMutableArray initWithCapacity method description and memory management It's about the instance method of NSMutableArray "initWithCapacity".
For those of you trying to connect to the wifi at the end of terminal A, go to gate A6 and view at the airport map nearby.
But if you click in a cell who as no button then an error on client side occur: com.google.gwt.core.client.JavaScriptException: (TypeError) @com.google.gwt.core.client.impl.Impl::apply(Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)([JavaScript object(445), JavaScript object(240), JavaScript object(637)]): parent is null So I added this to override the Event and avoid Event if I want: I don't know if it's the better way to do it but it works.
The service is good .the price point is good for Middleton.
I still have some issues to solve but most are not related to the plugin: Gradle errors from aapt report the wrong file.
It does not try to parse it as a compound selector.
the Mussleman Curry Chicken with egg is a must try.
It's a great place to visit even on a Monday evening!
the plugin attempts to load and there is a large delay before the youtube view pops up in the webview.
You can run bits of the script against the relevant database, save scripts down to files, etc etc.
Coming from Turbo C, I'm used to looking at #ifdef rather than #if defined
The other voice says that singletons are not good and you should avoid them.
Eclipse Memory Analyzer is an excellent tool for analyzing the core*.dmp (and portable heap dumps, i.e.
[Edit] Also, the other question is more than 2 years old.
Brute force Caesar Cipher How do I make my program print the answers on separate lines + with what key the line corresponds to?
The last review I read said Tram's has better atmosphere.
That way, updating is just a matter of swapping out the readonly persistent store file.
You may have to do more work to leverage good caching practices Dependant on having certain server side libraries\framework elements Now although we have a much bigger list of Pros than cons...
Create properties that store data in the ViewState.
My BF often comments it's strange there's no bacon, but honestly, that'd be over kill.
A good example is where you have a very hard (read NP-complete) problem you want a solution for but don't have the time to arrive to it, so have to use a good enough solution based on a heuristic algorithm, such as finding a solution to a travelling salesman problem using a genetic algorithm.
I want the numbers to start from 1 and go up.
It works automatically when you create a Help Book for your application.
The CoffeeScript compiler doesn't support this directly, but you could write a Node script to do it fairly easily, using the library and Exactly how you want to implement this would depend on the web framework you're using.
Use command and to see installed packages:
You can eat pretty healthy here if you try.
Homemade biscuits and even ..are you ready for this?
Staff was attentive, and even the price was good, considering that we were there for a Sunday afternoon brunch.
The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle.
Filter data on the query or with Java stream?
So the conversion rate should be different.
I am grabbing input from a file with the following code i had also previously tried these while troubleshooting and if I echo $jap it looks fine, so later in the code, without any other alterations to $jap it is inserted into the DB, however i noticed a comparison test that checks if this jap is already in the DB returned false when i can plainly see that a seemingly exact same entry of jap is in the DB.
jquery tablesorter - formatted currency - what do I do wrong?
Great vegan/and or healthy selections at the hot and cold salad bar.
As a business traveler, this is my favorite to stay at.
How to use sql user defined types in entity framework 6 How can I use a User Defined Type - written by SQL CLR - in Entity Framework?
Which is usually a-okay with me, but I was starving for some sustenance, so I needed to go with the savory.
Honesty anything you try you'll be sure to love.\n\nIt is BYOB but beware of the corkage fee per person.
It spicy but not going to kill you, actually has great flavor.
I'm parsing methods into the list with the following, but would like to also display tasks.
The bookstore can be relatively expensive so I would recommend shopping around before buying any textbook through CPCC.
If you get really into the market, or the Point Breeze neighborhood, you can even buy a commemorative t-shirt to remember it all.
Anyone have tried and had success in this jorney?
For dessert, I selected German chocolate cake.
I tend to like their accessories more than their clothing: they have an amazing selection of footwear, ties/bowties, hats, jewelry, gloves and handbags on the cheap.
In fact, the cell.getStringCellValue() is returning the formula used in the cell and not the value of the cell.
I personally believe that this is one of the nicer GE in the area.
What I want to do is make a list of the SNPs in a file and call this : Then I want to use this list in this command; Where is my list of the SNPs I need to analyse, but needs to be done one SNP at a time.
I First Met Don in 1973 when I ordered my first Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza.\n\nDon use to work the counter himself and was always a very customer service kinda guy.\n\nI really miss him , but I'll never miss this Pizza cause I'll ALWAYS be a customer.\n\nAs far as rateing , this place will be on my TOP 5 till I die.
Maybe the dishes are just hit and miss, and I got a hit here, whereas I had a serious miss over at Soba.
The limiting factor is that the vector of data, or the vector of rownames, will not contain a mix of numeric and character data.
As Igor says, Apple's fork of gas is ancient and wants: .global replaced by .globl all instructions in lowercase replace ';' comment separator with '@' stub labels for address imports I've written a pre-processor awk script for the Tremolo .s files to make them acceptable to Xcode, which I'll contribute back via Robin.
I ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago.
He said yes and told us to pick out our seats.
Anyway, awk is holding the files open until the end.
Around 10 of my friends already have their honorary plates on the ceiling, so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.
I come here perhaps twice a week for the past few months.
The bread basket was above-average, with at least three different warm options and two spreads (an olive and pesto spread).
But be prepared to do some serious walking!
I like walking around uptown in the vicinity before and after as well, as there are always a lot of interesting characters hanging out.
I've checked S.O, and google and a lot of the advice is to change the order of my application.js file.
We ordered the chili chicken, chicken 65, lamb biryani, Lamb vindaloo, and tadka dal.
Our waitress was a bit scatterbrained and when she brought our food out, had no idea who got what and kept insisting the plates were right even though we each remembered what we got.
Wait staff are very nice a knowledgable about the menu.
In your method, you need to call .
Behind the bar is a small seating area where there are bar stools.
This is a no frill authentic Japanese restaurant that is generally filled with Japanese and other Asians.
Although the salsa was a little smooth for my taste it had great flavor and the chips were good too!
A short perl script that should do what you need, explained in comments:
Part VIII\n\nI moved to Atlanta in December of last year from Pittsburgh and had yet to be back.
This one is the best I've tasted 4.0 yelp stars.
They seem to have gone through a makeover since I graduated, and now it is much better lit, though the much-beloved couch is no longer.\nUptown Coffee is a great alternative to Starbucks and a great place to spend a few hours catching up with friends.
How can a Makefile determine the binary format the compiler will create?
And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches.
\n\nI didn't quite understand where I could pick up my order, so since it was shoes I walked to that section to ask.
One of them is and the other is the Microsoft x64 calling convention (the one that was originally invented to make all other calling conventions obsolete but&hellip;didn't).
Yes I am also a gym snob.....I love Dowd hands down compared to Uptown, Johnston, and Gateway.
@poqueque's solution works if you want to clear cache through command line.
My plugin has one context menu item, one pull-down menu item, and one toolbar menu item.
Which works best with Perforce in your experience, git-p4, Perfarce (hg) or something else I've never heard of?
From the bowls of soup to the pastas to the pies...sharing is caring.\n-Spinach ravioli: My main dish of choice.
Just convert it to the right format using ...
Any third party tool like that?
/usr/lib/libfreetype.so.6 /usr/lib/libfreetype.so.6.3.18 Is there anyway to resolve this issue?
I really appreciated him being there.
She even did some hand and feet massaging as well.
She was so patient with us even though there were a million people waiting in line.
That was because I was once watching the Steelers on a given Sunday (during their famous Cowher Superbowl Winning Run I think), and I saw a special on this little sandwich place making a Roethlisburger.
You may be able to adapt that to what you're trying to do.
One displays text and the other two have combo boxes in them.
However, I haven't tried many places, so that's not saying much.
It was all about nourishing the skin.
This should work for you: (Here i just simply go trough each innerArray with foreach .
But it still managed to be large enough that he couldn't finish it, with the bread and calamari he'd already eaten.
The exterior & outdoor seating are decorated with lattice and vine, has good lighting, and is great weather permitting.\n\nThey have a full bar (inside) to accomodate your choice of drink, and offer different specials per day of the week.
Can I download extension from my existing opencart website Sorry if my question is not good.
It is one of the most beautiful theatres I have been in.
We were quickly seated by our very pleasant host and our waitress briefed us on the specials for the evening.
Morris is the best OB/GYN, hands down.
\n\nOverall, we both combined have 6 pairs of shoes from this place and so far we have gotten a lot of compliments.
You can not remove keys from a dictionary in a signed document, and expect the signatures to remain valid.
It is working fine in Chrome and Firefox.
The same rules for MainPage.xaml sample.
( CN=Unknown, OU=Unknown, O=Unknown, L=Unknown, ST=Unknown, C=Unknown ), my newly created certificate is not present.
I never feel like the are \""selling\"" but are happy for people to look and let the items find them.\n\nFourth...how I got here.
So we were pretty excited to learn they were opening an airport location.
\n\nNeedless to say I booked my reception there - I can work around the rules.
They also had a nice selection of Italian craft beers which I've never seen anywhere else in the US before.
The first spurious value will tell you where the breakage is.
I am using below code to attach a file in email message:
Is there a function call that would allow me to expand the timeline via javascript?
Let me say this about those reviews.
And for some reason we waited 2 hours to ride this each time.
This is a shout-out to Matt & Ashley at this location.
There's also no need to declare the type of the variable because it will be inferred from the initialising expression, i.e.
Our server, a girl who lived in California was great!
Go in hungry and leave happy.
I would use mocks, something like EasyMock, where you could mock the IOrderLogger, and then do something like this: This assumes that Action() returns void.
I need to refresh the value on the page each time a new unique data has been generated, maybe at each 1 millisecond.
I have had luck with it in the past when dealing with basic authentication.
The crab cake sandwich is amazingly good - who would have thought??
\n\nThey have surf and skate apparel plus footwear and offer services such as waxing, maintenance and more for surf, skate and snow boards.
This is the most authentic Irish Pub you will find.
Looking at the code, the default seek for block devices is in : No call to the specific block device.
This should do the job Check Fiddle
If I lived in Bloomfield, I'd definitely be more of a regular.
'python' typed into the terminal defaults to opening 2.7.
To make matters worse, since everyone loves Dr.
I tried many times to delete the cache , and nothing changes ..
Small cute place with excellent food: I liked every item I had which doesn't happen very often.
We should have complained, but thought the server should have noticed that it wasn't eaten and asked about it.
I did the same with Wamp x32 but problem still was current.
Try the pizza rolls, buffalo chicken rolls, or wings.
My only complaint was the amount of TV channels offered, however you get free WiFi.
Tullock went above and beyond his duties to help me.
SSRS Summing Group Variables outside of the group I have succeeded in building a number of group variables within an SSRS report, however what I want to do now is to use that variable outside of the group.
It's a nice bar to get a beer with friends where you can grab a table to eat then hang out at the bar to watch the game.
In that case OpenGL will assume your code to be null-terminated.
The museum also showcases racism in the 1960s, but shows now that the state is very multi-cultural.
BUT I LOVE GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE!!!!
My workaround is to actually make sure that the thread never returns if it was terminated.
I was on a short visit to Pittsburgh and looking for a good sushi joint for dinner, went by the yelp reviews and as always it was a good experience.
Create a new CGPDFDocument from the original file and then draw each page from the original PDF into the current context, which will be the new temporary file.
I just assumed this wasn't important...
Not too spicy, but just enough.
It will look something like this in your : You will need to have a view controller that holds the , and could look something like:
Use Regex to Match relative image URLs and then use string replace to make them absolute using Javascript I want to use javascript regex to find all relative URLs and then make them absolute using the string replace function in javascript.
This is driving me nuts, because I cant make any changes directly to the code on my machine, and need to always get the other developer to make any small changes and then compile on his machine and send me the APK!
\n\nGreat place to celebrate or just enjoy a great taste of new Orleans.
And there's no need to do too much flare on the decor when they got the fantastic view of the private planes against the blue sky.
The staff seems able to keep up with the tidal wave of a crowd and get everyone in and out rather quickly.
Seriously, can I??\n\nI can't wait to bring my mom here, total mom place fo sho!
Relevant HTML: I unfortunately don't have control over this; it is created dynamically by Sharepoint (which I am forced to use).
Obviously this would most likely be a no-reducer job, but this is still true of mappers...what happens if half of the calls run, then the job fails, so it is rescheduled?
\n\nOn our second visit I got the all-you-can-eat popcorn shrimp, the Saturday night special.
So script should search if there are more "Particular string", in the part2 or so and append first available one, if there is only one available no need to anything just split.
Hex characters in varchar() is actually ascii.
There is an X-frame-options header included in the web.config file which is set to same origin.
Best Japanese food 8 charlotte and authentic.
menu to each of your components views with the right alias eg.
I've just confirmed this on a mysql server
I've been coming to sub one for over 10 years!
Maybe It's the best way tell me what you think in the comments.
Think of it like this: you should be able to put controllers into a totally different assembly and still have your application work.
Only case2 will do the job for you.
I guess that's their specialty but not what I was looking for.
Not a lot of joints know how to do a good Chicago dog.
On our development server a Windows Standard 2008 (x64) the project is deployed/published and it runs fine.
As long as we are only talking about presenting an image, is there any point in using a canvas and drawing the image on it instead of using the DOM element &lt; img > tag?
I love coming to Panther games.........LOVE it!
\n\nFairly diverse menu, so you dont have to have a burger, etc.
\n\nOur waitress was good, if a bit overzealous...and I loved the fact that she automatically brought me a small carafe of iced tea when she brought my filled glass.
I'm generally reluctant to order a bar burger - they are generally frozen and then cooked to well done.
That error is thrown if the second dimension does not exist.
Like gifts!\nOh, and I almost forgot the BREAD!
I go here to buy coffee and for the occasional espresso before work.
This is paradise for beer connoisseurs.
All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
Once the user clicks on it (while the app is already connected to the receiver) it presents him with possible routes, and once he selects the route (the one that is already connected to and displaying the app) the media router menu item updates itself showing that it is connected and allowing the user to disconnect on the next click.
Atmosphere ans waitresses are the best part of the restaurant.
Do you work for GoDaddy or have permission from those who own, manage or control the servers you are developing against to test their servers?
[bugs] For example, I wanted to get the file Extension from the file URL using the function below: File name: Url of the file: Function call: But I'm getting an exception on the function call.
Sometimes restaurants who serve veal find the crappiest veal meat - how that is possible I don't even know.
I'm kind of tempted to give this place 5 stars for the memories, but 4 I guess will suffice.
Get there early or be prepared to wait, outside, for a long while.
So you need to handle the e.RowIndex == -1 when you receive the event (...The index must not be negative....)
experienced guys from you i wanted to know is that possible ?
The macro solution might look like: Alternatively you could initialize and then set up at runtime.
The scallop appetizer was even better.\n\nI adored my tenderloin entree, ad the desert was the best part of the evening.
I walked in and was in awe of their flip flop section.
I love how the place is decorated like a Mad Mex restaurant that's ready to throw down on the dance floor!
I personally had ribs and brisket with corn bread, and I ate every last bite with no regrets.\n\nProblem is, I've had some really good Barbecue in my life, and the overall taste of the food, while good, wasn't great in comparison.
Exclude some fields from being validated in $valid in AngularJS I have two select boxes in which a user can move items from select box to another.
The atmosphere is beautiful - we ate outside, it was a gorgeous night.
They have the viewing area and rocking chairs if you have a long wait time for connection.
I'm not ashamed to admit it - I was skeptical.
Prices are very moderate and cheaper than Strawberry Fields.\n\nThey also have a salad bar, pizza, and sandwiches.
He didn't explain how orders came and often heard us call him only to pause and glance in our direction.
Integer values in that range don't take up any additional space.
You can do this in ASP.NET WebForms by using , or by clearing the response buffer (if necessary) and setting the page content to an ASCX with the right message.
I feel this relates to data binding but not sure how to go about it.
Will splitting into front-end and back-end affect the linked table of names that is taken from a SharePoint list?
I prefer sauce on the side because good barbeque doesn't need sauce and this brisket didn't need sauce.
A friend at work was having a bad day, and mournfully insisted that the only thing that would help was some soul food.
The response I get never returns the actual data from the relation field...
What I'm trying to do is retrieve the top 5 most-read articles within the top 25 highest-scored (eg.
I was a little wary of trying the un-labeled wine, but it was wonderful and warming.
This has nothing to do with there tea or coffee, this is about the two people that run the store.
Now I only see it every once in a while.
I've frequented the restaurant many times for sushi, noodles, rice, and plenty of their other dishes.
It is easier for a compiler writer to generate code for a simple array and then fudge on the pointer-ness of .
Right draft picks, right coaching staff changes everything.
Take a look at the workspace directory, all three projects should be there.
In short, I'd like to be able to close emacs and re-open with relatively the same state as when I closed it.
But I cannot find the proper way to do it for my case.
Now, this expansion is basically how one achieves vectorized solutions that replace for-loops.
2 new restaurants that were supposed to be open were still under construction.
Their home fries are delicious and whenever I go there, I usually order a side of them.\n\nThey also offer seasonal items, such as pumpkin pancakes in the fall/winter months which are excellent.
You state that the file has exactly 21 entries but what happens with the eof condition?
I also like that they use fresh ingredients and antibiotic free chicken.
\n\nMelissa and staff please hold your heads high and don't this get you down!
I need to be able to get the parent ID of a bundled item during checkout to track.
I use the \renewcommand to save me some time: And this works fabulously and will replace all instances of sigma with 1.
It's a place that's (apparently) been around forever and just has a cool, old school vibe to it.
If you have a long-running process that runs in the background and it should run continuously, your best bet is to make it a foreground service .
I have a cat, so this review is cat-centric.\n\nGreat independently owned pet store.
and the walkways very narrow, and, yet, the food and drinks keep coming, accident-free.
Erlang: How to transform a decimale into a Hex string filled with zeros I would like to transform 42 (Base 10) into 000002A (Base 16) in Erlang...
This place is a hole in the wall and a bit hard to find.
\n\nThere's one on almost every corner - it's crazy!
You can pass in headers object and update its pointer value.
I had the buffalo chicken pizza and really enjoyed it!
Looking in the Migration Guide there's a section called Upgrading a WebSphere MQ client from Version 6.0 to Version 7.0 which suggests a possible explanation.
I have a capture card that captures SDI video with embedded audio.
Open Cart Error getspecialprice But I get error: Error = Notice: Undefined property: Proxy::getSpecialPriceEnd in /home/deqorati/public_html/catalog/controller/module/showintabs_output.php on line 100 How can I solve this problem?
Post to mini-profiler-results gives a 404 but only on live deployed site I'm having some problems getting the POST results from MiniProfiler after the page has loaded.
I cannot modify this stored proc.
The result will give you: Note: that same script would work perfectly from a powershell session.
Therefore, the exhibits give you a sense of culture, not mere facts and dates.
In original, I collect *.lua files in a folder , then load them in *.c files Now I want to hide them(*.lua) and let them in a xx.so or xx.dll if this can be done ?
And the rocking chairs in the common areas that still have all the modern conveniences for charging the toys makes it feel like home away from home.
we had calamari, arancini di riso (risotto balls), maybe some kind of fried ravioli or something else?
If I run the same script but with "cs" (Czech) instead of "ja" (Japanese) as the target language, the response is all ASCII and I get the Unicode file with my "Hello" first as UTF-16 chars and then "Ahoj" as single byte ASCII chars.
I did, however, get in the longest line, but it moved quickly and the workers were very happy and were even singing.
Their curry broths are great, the apps are tasty, but not too filling, and the ambiance -- particularly after their recent renovations --\u00a0is warm and inviting.\n\nI'll admit, that if your'e in it purely from a culinary angle, there may be better options, but for the buck, you won't find many that beat Thai Cuisine.
I also love the bulk items here inlcuding the organic whole wheat coucous.\n\nMy only problem, even though it was minor for me was the the staff did not seem overly friendly or helpful.
My fiancee is not a huge beer fan but the bartenders/waitstaff have been successful in finding him something he likes.
But after I finish drawing the rectangle, I can not select it unless I resize it once by using the left top controller after drawing.
Should get you on the right track.
Other than that, this place is a wonderful place to stay.
I gulped down my cappuccino as fast as humanly possible.
\n\nI started taking my dress pants here to be taken up almost 8 years ago when I was still in school at Ye Olde UW.
making text bold via code I have the code: ..But I can't figure how to change it to bold as well.
The catch is that the items that share the same key (similar to a Dictionary) should be processed in a FIFO order and not be parallel to each other (they can be parallel to other items with different values).
I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one).
This is a bug in Unity.
I had been in here pre-Sandlot days and wasn't impressed but this \""make-over\"" is proving positive.\n\nKey points:\n - waitress was great, offered tastes of beer to help my decision\n - perch and cod, both good and plenty of it\n - pub fries were great, not overcooked like so may places\n - echoing other compliments on the beer selection, nice\n - fine for the kids too, at least earlier around dinner time (5-7)\n\nI'd come back to try non-fish fry some night.
they are not used in the Constructor.
maybe a with a class for some custom effects?
It's obvious that the ingredients are fresh and the bread is homemade.
You'll also learn why the streets change name every 2 miles.
You really have to get past that though.
I haven't seen anything like this before but was thinking of trying to create something like this
\n\nIt was still diner food, but as far as diner food goes, it was impressive.
Thus everytime the list is populated again.
Unlike some places I've been where the polish starts chipping off after 2 days.
Tasty horchata - dessert before the meal of veggie Cuban with smoked tempeh ...
i need develop notification to my application.
And in our case it is: The result of is which is also .
Their drink menu is also quite extensive, especially their offerings of a variety of sake to suit any dish or preference ranging from a standard carafe of warm sake to some limited edition bottles.
With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.
I was only without my car for a week, and the on-site Hertz service took care of me.
It seems like the best / simplest solution for my app would to use gearman.
You could miss this place easily if you weren't looking for it.
It's really clean and the staff were welcoming an friendly.
I read Joe D's review and laughed a bit.
Out of towners that happened to stumble upon this gem.
There are about 8 different varieties of soup to choose from each day, everything from different chilis to stews to bisques--you won't get bored.
If you bring a date here, they wont be impressed but they will be relaxed, have a great dinner, and you're not going to go broke.\n\nI highly recommend this place and I wish more people knew about it.
Dave's Barber Shop is good old fashion at its finest!!!!
You can personally message me and thank me after.
While that follows the best practises, your current way is not wrong.
My sister said it reminded her of cream cheese..
\n\nAside from the some higher prices the only thing that I really can say bad about this place is that the parking lot is a mess if you come when it is busy - but that might have to do more with the mall and Target than the actual grocery store.
There is the Illini Union ballroom which serves AYCE lunch 11.95.
The easiest way I can think of would be : Create a new text file ( f.e.
I would recommend this place to anyone searching for a tailor in Pittsburgh.
By passing the interface you are creating the opportunity to pass all the classes which implements the interface.
I will be back for more for sure!
Never fsync(), just put your data in the hands of the Operating System.
I will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - I added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor.
Multiple Select Statements I am trying to create a list of items in which every fourth item in the list is an item that is on from New York and On Sale.
My first question is will an image handler help me in this situation?
I prefer to set This more DRY than setting it on a per form field basis.
Try changing the order of the handlers (remove then add).
Calling a script which calls an MPI process from an MPI process I have an MPI program (Fortran, MPICH ) which I need to shell out from to a script which, in turn, starts its own MPI program (using ).
On our first play, we ended up winning a little over 700 tickets!
assumming you intend to deploy your app inside wildfly (as opposed to embedding wildfly in your own main() somehow...) you dont need a dependency on the wildfly container.
The problem likely arises with how the css interpreter interprets an unquoted number.
Unwanted left margin when using -webkit-transform: scale(...) I am using wkhtmltopdf (which uses the Webkit rendering engine) to convert HTML files to PDF documents.
I didn't care for the collard greens but overall we all enjoyed our meal and service.
Here's the output: Both python3 and pip are in the path: The error is identical when trying to install rpy2 so it's not something particular to the package I'm trying to install.
Those are the drawbacks, but it adds to the authenticity I suppose.
How should I correctly implement hot code loading in my FSM?
You can read through the lock using something like:
this is a seafood restaurant with asian fusion influences.
I would like it to be updated once successfully connected to the receiver (route).
How to use HttpClient to connect to an API that is expecting a custom type?
I never imagined that I'd be thrilled about going to an eye doctor, but that is the case with this wonderful office!
As a simple example, let's say you have two columns, A and B.
The following MSDN article provides a good overview of Handling and Raising Events .
As requested, here is a copy of Trigger.h
The code worked just as specced - no troubles and no complaints.
These little touches are what make Mardi Gras more than just a bar.\n\nHere are some of my favorite Le Mardi Gras features: smoking, table top pacman, excellent juke box, fantastic bartenders, intimate seating, dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons.
I noticed a Ball Park Pretzel, with a jalape\u00f1o cheese dip.
Friendly service and the food was very tasty.
Everything about this place just exudes class and a stylish subtle comfort.
Next time I night jut make a meal out of their chips.
Their beer selection is commendable and is frequently updated.
Hopefully it was just a fluke because I liked Olive or Twist!
Of course, the conference i was attending only had several hundred of people, which isn't that big for a conference.
It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St.
I guess I utilise the ItemUpdating event, but I don't have much in the way of code because I'm pretty lost.
We easily spent the better part of an entire afternoon there and felt good about doing so.
Went for a lunch meeting and had the southwest salad.
Instead, add a first build set up to update your working directory to the revision which is passed from upstream project.
Also they have a great variety of pastas and sandwiches.
I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction
I think that the easiest way to force machine arithmetic in Mathematica 8 is to use with the and set to ; or better yet just set to .
Definitely a great \""special occasion\"" or romantic restaurant.
\nWhy would you want to go anywhere else after having a sandwich from here?
I've never had a bad experience or bad food.
but the following code sorts correctly.
We had the fourth member of our party order Al a Carte and the bill was under $200 with tax and tip out the door.
This is simply one of my favorite spots in town.
You can register your beer-capades and work your way up to earning your own plaque.
When running the tests, Maven will create a classpath which will make everything in visible to the test classes.
\n\nWithout realizing it, we walked in 5 minutes before closing time.
In fact, it makes my mouth water to think of it.
So I tried to pass those parameters like this: But seems not working: I just get back the WSDL service help, but not the actual call results.
The people that work there always seem happy and treat you well.
But as soon as you have a different characters in there (and one that can easily be confused by SQL server, such as ) then you need to place the field/table into square brackets.
Defiantly a place I would go again.
\""Older\"" crowd here too (compared to like Kams or Clybourne - is that still there?) They also have a juke box, I don't know how many times we loaded Madonna songs :) On my 21st bday we stayed til close, and they said on the PA \""it's closing time, but we'll let the jukebox keep playing because it's not Madonna\""\n\nFood is pretty good too, we'd go when the bacon cheeseburgers were on special - OMG so yummy and incredibly greasy.
(that 8 oclock crap is roughly $8 for a 12 ounce bag, meaning $12 a pound, for THAT).
How get array value by key in javascript I am getting following javascript array and i need to get value of that array by key.
First, classes, enums, and structs are terminated with ';' following the closing bracket (or scope).
If you haven't visited it yet, you should.
Well, she said the owner closes the place on Thanksgiving day to serve the homeless.\nWell I can only say this.
Sample request XML for WS given by server company My HTTPTransport request dump XML generated by KSOAP2 My Java code for request creation
I really lost with this one //here is where im trying to use if
Its virtual key code can be determined by following the steps at the bottom fo the key list page.
Think Do do interesting data mining you need a computer, a lot of data and a question to answer.
\n\nI love the layout, it can be a bit of sensory overload, with the food selection, kitchen / cooking items & the candy / snack area.
The downside is that it you'll never be satisfied with average sushi again.\n\nPro tip: make reservations days in advance.
I might be able to filter the larger pool of journal entries to see just invoice entries.
The Inn is a series of nicely renovated apartment buildings, so they are all equipped with well-stocked kitchens (my husband is a chef so he was very impressed by that).
The hostess knows us well enough to know our favorite booth, and the waiters know my spice level (which is pretty high).\n\nSince I eat seafood and vegetarian exclusively, I just pay $1 extra to get the regular lunch combinations replaced with shrimp, not bad at all.
145) And the footnote: 145) Placemarker preprocessing tokens do not appear in the syntax because they are temporary entities that exist only within translation phase 4.
I have to create some Project Collection Administrators only for administrative purpose.
I started with a cocktail, the Gin Blossom, and my boyfriend got something with Drambuie that isn't on the menu anymore.
The Ignored List is saved as a JSON array and looks like this: And the function required to add the users look like this: For some reason it isn't working and I can't see why Please help.
If you can stomach the wait (no reservations, naturally), you'll enjoy overflowing plates of goodness, thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made.
- mongodb/mongodb 1.0.0 requires ext-mongodb ^1.1.0 -> the requested PHP extension mongodb has the wrong version (1.0.0) installed.
This Code Should Help You May Be
The selection is vast, the owners are kind, and the clothes are pristine.
Now my concern is how to serialize these classes?
This tutorial says Save it to your disk, and then drag it into your project.
\nStaff was very friendly, there was good music playing on the juke box and the good was served quickly.
I am so particular, PICKY and meticulous with everything from brows, skin and haircut and Tina does everything to perfection like the way I like it!
Is there someway to anchor how the line is dashed in model space?
Some other page(s) works only if the user has been authorized.
This is a gorgeous theater its hard to capture it with pictures because of lighting glares.
I emailed Full Compass, described my needs, and received a prompt response with a quote (within a couple hours).
Please help to solve this problem.
This can be done in two ways.
Its like using where is the beginning of input and is end of input..
In fact, after I decided on the dress Greg sat and talked to my mom and I for a half hour or so.
But unfortunately that is not the case.
After more research, apparently google does expose the JSON URL to make direct requests - so using a server side language does seem to be an option (as long as they are cached).
I had the special of the day, the Rindsrouladen, which is braised beef rolled with cabbage, onions, pickle and bacon.
They got groceries though, lots of groceries!
How to link shared libraries in local directory, OSX vs Linux I have some shared/dynamic libraries installed in a sandbox directory.
I probably would have enjoyed another entree more.\n\nI guess I should have read the menu description more carefully, but didn't think Asian fusion (Soba) and Mediterranean (Casbah) were anything alike, so I didn't expect to get the same dish at both restaurants.\n\nFor dessert, we split the five spice apple tart with honey creme fraiche and crispy yam.
I assume that you have the models and connected by a model for the n:m relation.
Overall a great place, this club has been operating for over 50 years now and bad really brought gay culture to Charlotte in full force!
Wait for the event to become signaled.
When using , the first parameter defines the base template name (e.g.
Order what you want and accept you are done for the day!
Definitely a crowd for family/friends outing.
Dancing will probably break out.\n\nIf you come in on the night of a show, you're probably gonna pay $5, usually going down by $1 as each band finishes.
My husband and I went to visit my nephew at Carnegie Mellon.
The problem is that you are binding your event handler to the element before it exists because it is still being ajax'ed.
The scallops had a perfect sear, the soba was fat and chewy, the ponzu wasabi broth was soul-warming.
We have looked at using a Wire Tap which would Post a new HTTP request to a separate audit endpoint.
All the snippets of code access data that has been deleted, which has no defined behavior.
AND she mentioned that \""all of my cool friends have read that book\"" which, by default, makes me a cool kid?
Like most programming techniques, nested functions should be used when and only when they are appropriate.
On my own, I NEVER would have thought of ordering mashed potatoes at a restaurant of the caliber of C.G.
But, WOW...what bar food it was!\n\nThe burgers were amazing.
Great recommendations on beer and appetizer.\n\nWith a Warsteiner Dunkel for him and a Spaten Oktoberfest for me, we started with a Gebackener Ziegenk\u00e4se.
That means I've eaten here quite a few times.
There must of only been about 3 or 4 other patrons where, so it wasn't a big todo or anything.
It's SUPER close to work and I was craving some miso soup.
I've already converted the tables to MySql and moved all the queries into stored-procedures.
NEW Ok, i've been working at this for 5+ hours.
The attachments were not actually delivered to the device unless the user opened them.
A unique gem in an area of SP dominated mostly by fast food joints.
I'm thinking of the part above the tip and below your heel that gets nicked up if you sit in a office chair all day) at no extra charge.
You know, Nick's is one of those sleeper restaurants that always comes in handy in a pinch.
Two ways: or The IsReadOnly property on FileInfo essentially does the bit-flipping you would have to do manually in the second method.
Has anyone faced this issue before?
lol\nIf you've been to a Wal-Mart then you been here.
I know there are ways to match element attributes like .
Calling accept() just removes an item from the queue, blocking while it is empty.
Edit: Ok, after some more fiddling around, I've got this: This is almost what I need.
Are you sure your database is not set up to try to do cascading deletes?
How to Rotate an element Counterclockwise I know we can rotate an element anticlockwise by using negative sign But this is only for x-axis.
When the user accesses a particular wifi network, I'd like the app to be launched automatically.
There will be a div covering each html5 video so the hover needs to delegate to the video, which i'm unsure as to how to do.
you can use simply this code: this code work like a charm...
Say I have a button which I click to scroll through toast messages, and in the onclick event I wanted to stop all in the queue and just show the new one, how would I do that?
Move the regex matching into a method.
On the way there, he advised me on how to get reimbursed for my cab ride by the car rental company and a good place in town to purchase tires for my car without breaking my budget.
Just around the corner from my work, me and a few coworkers came looking for some play!
Wamp icon is still red, when i hit , NOT FOUND is printed.
Really, who has room for all that.
My girlfriend and I tried this out on a whim based on reviews from Yelp and it was very tasty!
The neighborhood in the back is pretty sweet too, providing a little walking trail complete with a map and bridge.
The former can be easily done with , but the latter is more of a challenge.
I understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog; however, this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.
The aglio olio and rice pudding were the best parts of the meal.
I'm envious; I wish we had something like that.
After it's installed, add the following lines to your shell's start-up file (.zshrc, .bashrc, .profile, etc).
Cigar lounge that truly deserves the name.
But I am not sure it will solve your problem.
Probably the simplest way to do it is to have the client assign a session ID to each connection, include the session ID in each datagram it sends, and have the server return that session ID in each reply datagram it sends.
Here is what I currently have: Do I change the RegisterRoutes to decided where to go from here or would I do this elsewhere?
ask first!\"" But I was talking to my bud Annette J in Detroit and realized that part of owning a home is making improvements/adjustments, doing it completely wrong, then learning a ton from your mistakes.
EDIT: so my understanding is that when you have a static variable inside of a constructor, and then , would equal 5, and would also equal 5.
I suspect it has something to do with apiAddress not updating zip after the new value is assigned to zip.
Instead they allow you to spend your time browsing the merchandise alone.
If you're anywhere remotely close to the area, I would highly recommend a visit.
Your loops iterate over each URL, placing the URL string in the variable .
Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.
Otherwise you can use a function like below, which returns the complement after checking the ASCII value of the character.
Caps only belong in class names, e.g.
Def a place I would go back to again if I was in the area.
get out.)\nNothing beats a brew in one of Madison's best beer gardens.
Is there a way to select which columns there should be included?
Hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion.
Always (except my veggies today) get great food at a decent price.
Its because I was adding my list of data to itself so it had a bunch of duplicate data and it didnt like that.
Do not pass up their stuffed grape leaves or the freshly made Babaganous & hummus.
i'm sorry im not very programming savy –
The app searches and browses through PDF files and provides links for opening them.
It also prevents key combinations which don't actually produce the given end characters from ending input; for example, if @ is an end key, on the US layout Shift+2 will trigger it but Ctrl+Shift+2 will not (if the E option is used).
on the food network while I lived in Ohio.
Probably you misspelled the class name or you didn't import the class name, check that and try again.
They have excellent fries as well.
There wasnt a fridge in the room, but I requested one and someone brought it up within 15 minutes.\n\nThe internet was suuuuuper sloooow.
The zip files for android and ios I found here: Example can be found here: I used code from the examples in my app and it seems to work fine!
they ushered us to a booth with the table decorated.
Maybe we went on a bad night.
This did include two bottles of mid-priced wine, though.
For some reason, when the file is in the Downloads folder, it won't add it
I using highcharsjs like this one
There times that you will use more memory than the 8 MB php has allotted.
They have a shuttle that will even take u to the convenience store.
It works fine and created custom callout using Apple example MapCallout [used flag portion to set image and click portion from purple pin notation ] but my click is working fine in iPhone simulator 5 and later but click not working in iPhone 4S simulator over callout, I have tried by many ways but did not get success.
I like the atmosphere, interior and the service has always been great.
These rooms are large and have the sleeper sofa, but down fall is no fridge or microwave.
Unfortunately newuser probably now looks like: and since newuser might never log in to a shell nor even have a password, there is no good place to run newgrp.
A mistake in installing gensim I can't install gensim successfully through many ways.For I'm a freshman in coding,it's difficult for me to understand the following information.
So, all around, a good experience.
if you changed your package name you have also to change it in the AndroidManifest.xml You can copy paste your project on your disk and on your project on eclipse right click on your package and go to refactor --> rename
Until now, we were using FTP system to manually upload changes.
But because the array has to double in size before the capacity jumps again, the number of copies per element always stays less than 2.
\n\nMy server was friendly and cute and kept my drink filled.
This space is so beautiful.\n\ni'm always a sucker for big windows all across the front, but here especially the huge windows and wide building front really opens up the space and provides excellent lighting for the front half of the cafe.\n\nThe layout is unique, with the island, counter, and bar stools in the center and plenty of tables all around.
Children are never an issue for me if they are well behaved and entertained.
Chick's was started by a fella who used to work for chik fil a so the poultry offerings are pretty similar to what you find there.
The grounds are really beautiful and after your house tour you can walk around and see the animals and smaller houses on the plantation.
The French toast, oddly pancake style, is to die for.
While trying to solve a performance issue, I found this blog entry Grails Domain Class Creation Performance , changed from map style constructor invocation and gained a factor on ten when creating a lot of new instances (not to be persisted BTW).
Our waitress was really nice and all in all, it was a good experience.
There seems to be plenty of solutions for cycling DIVs but I need to find the one right for my problem.
I would like the function to take the 'id' field as an argument so this function has wider use.
Instead of running your query, use getLoaderManager().initLoader(this, null, LOADER_ID) to initialize data loading.
How can I make these section expand further to the right (and left?) so that there is less line wrapping.
I have been doing business with Larry and his staff for many years.
As we got up to left I said to the table \""nice shoveling with all of you\"".
Stopped here for dinner before going out.
Write a Vim function in .vimrc using the built-in function: (
It's not over powering with ginger like most dressings that are in this category.\n\nNext comes the appetizers and sushi.
I am creating a command line tool for some other users so I need something without too much modification.
\n\nBut besides that, Waldenhorn's food is authentic German, set in a comfortable, homey setting with friendly servers.
If you order this be aware that while the salmon is hot, it is served over cold vegetables - cucumbers and green beans.
Have you ever wanted to know what it's like to be rich?
Have a read of this article to gain a clearer understanding of it.
I have attemped install third party DLL FTP into GAC through gacutil, but a think this is not working, How can i get reference to that DLL?
Also, the supervisors answered a question I had about A TSA guideline, and did so with a sense of humor!
How to extend / amend OSGi lifecycle management?
We chose Cajun, but there are also the classics: plain yellow or white, or a mix of the two.
Get Cygwin installation path in a Python script I'm writing a cross-platform python script that needs to know if and where Cygwin is installed if the platform is NT.
I have ~500 tasks, each of them takes ~5 seconds where most of the time is wasted on waiting for the remote resource to reply.
If the text div would naturally be taller than the video div then I want the text div to have a vertical scrollbar.
Solution 1 You will first need to get rid of the leading 0's using a Derived Column component with fitting expression (could be complex) Then pass that column through a data conversion component and set the data type to float Solution 2 Pass original column through a script transform component, remove leading 0's and parse it to a new float column in the ProcessInputRow method using .NET C# Example:
It would provide you with the answer to your question within seconds, and it's essential for trying to track down these kinds of problems.
To remedy your problem, are you able to disable ViewState on the page that's being called (demo.aspx)?
I drive an extra ten minutes to rent here but always worth.
The client's site runs on HTTP.
I haven't been here in awhile, but I definitely miss it.
Not every SQL statement can be converted to LINQ, but Linqer covers many different types of SQL expressions.
But you can always just transform the array of results, as after all it is only an array Also note that the default behavior in the shell and a preferred option is that the aggregation result is actually returned as a cursor from MongoDB 2.6 and onwards.
Hope this might help you mate.
I am guessing that calling gathers up all the checkboxes and there are too many so it dies.
\n\nIt feels like TGIF's or Applebee's but luckily it tastes better.
It's nothing high tech and the first climb is $12 regardless of whether you're a student or a lady on ladies night (I was both).
It was a welcome addition to the noon time choices.
\n\nI'll cut to the chase: the food was GREAT.
So you can try putting your code in a Swing thread,precisely in a Worker thread
for my attendants, which is standard in larger cities and which smaller cities like Buffalo are even catching on to.
Another of my favorites are the little cake cups they make .
The variable $current_top_level_member is a copy of the value in the array, not a reference to inside the $top_level_array.
Their Spicy Pig Intestine stew is probably the best dish I have ever eaten.
The meaning of this flag differs according to which method you use it on, when used with this means that a value is replaced (rather than added before or after) and needs to be used after an existing search, i.e., after using the function at the C level.
I would claim that neither of these options is exemplifying duck typing (unless the structural types are quite fine grained and kept in close sync with the code checking for them).
I showed up at 930 on Friday night and the place was packed.
It has the property as well and it works as above, doesn't it?
Both, cookies and webcontainer-sessions, can define expiration dates.
Always good inexpensive food and margaritas.
I have an ImageView and I would like to draw dinamically another images on my base ImageView.
For $20 I bought a tire, tube and the, um, the things you use to take the tire off...tire irons?
And I added each buttons myself)
I checked to see that 1.
Track the bug that you linked to and watch for an 0.6.1 release soonish.
She is Italian by the way.
The id of the button is btnAddUser.ClientID Note the removal of OnClientClick!
We are also getting No buffer space available (maximum connections reached?
\n\nI finally dropped by your restaurant in Pittsburgh's Strip District this evening.
Take a look here: You're looking for general query log:
One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend
Points behind lines in gnuplot I was trying to make a graph of the two minimums of a function, however I ran into some trouble As you can see on the green point, it's behind the curve, I would like to make it so the green point is in front.
There's a bakery, coffee, and soups.
The custom button should be hidden when lead is qualified.
This is a work around more than a fix but if you'd rather be coding than bug hunting it might be worth a go!
That means, whether the funciton is inline doesn't influence amount of slots in vtable and its necessity for a class.
I realize this is too large a subject for one question so I have a more specific question that gets at the heart of the matter.
All in all a good place for decent thai food in pittsburgh.
If you only want unique items in your set, implementing the Comparable interface and overriding equals() is what you want to do.
Since BroadcastReceiver cannot do it directly it looks like I need to create a service to do that for me correct?
If there are say 1300 line in the main file then three splits are needed.
You're probably saving down as a different encoding to the original document, and different from what the target application is expecting.
whenever you specify the namespace it means that the controller will search for the required resources in that particular namespace.
Correct me if I am wrong.
You're building a dynamic search condition .
Regarding your second question: Go to the menu item on the top called "IntelliJ Idea" and under that you'll find a "Preferences item"
As the icons are the same in every theme you can get this won't do any harm and the icons keep working.
That visit was good.\n\nIn previous visits we've had some major issues with our waitstaff not having even the most remote clue about craft beer.
Applying jQuery Fade in or Scroll Effect to Facebook Like Newsfeed I have a news feed that has been developed using PHP, MySQL, and jQuery.
I ordered the salmon with green beans.
create 3 Hotel classes(implements Hotel interface) LakeWood,Rosewood and xyzWood now create customer class and it will have series of dates also.
Lunch specials are a great deal- about 9-10 bucks for lemongrass soup (spicy broth with cilantro, mushrooms and tomatoes), a spring roll and entree.
I would like to filter on firstname and name but they are in two different fields.
Just adapt this for your drive Remember the method INSERT INTO tbl_name (a,b,c) VALUES (1,2,3), (4,5,6), (7,8,9); has a limit of 1000 rows per command.
But the waitress was extremely nice, the coffee was good, and the food (I got the mushroom and cheese omelet) was great.
I guess people aren't motivated to Yelp their good experiences...\n\nMaybe I'm biased because I came through LAX and PHL before coming through here, but it's the cleanest and best-maintained of the bunch.\n\nYes, the restrooms are staffed and there's a tip jar.
Something like this will create a simple Bundle:
Their flexibility, honesty and friendliness are why we keep coming back.
\nAll I had was coffee cause I'm not a huge breakfast kinda guy...
Be sure to check your order because you do not want them cold.
At this point, here is what we have with the right image above (before drawing the blue polygon), the left one is not shown because the only remaining component is the one describing the paper: Given the examples, now the only issue left is distinguishing between components that look like rectangles and others that do not.
They seem to be quite busy all the time which I see as a good thing.
Symbols in email headlines for pear mail I'm trying to put a heart symbol ♥ into the headline of an email which should be sent via the php pear mail package.
I love Charlotte Douglas International airport and rate this place highly.However on visiting the toilets several times recently the toilet seats were old and cracked, not at all beffiting this show case.They weren't up to standards in my oppinion.\nIf they can afford $multi million for a new concourse then a trip to Lowes is peanuts.
plays nice with all other VCSes, allowing you to use consistent, intuitive bzr command line syntax.
Considering the relatively high turnover rate of Campustown restaurants, I think that's pretty impressive.
Very nice with a cute, homey, warm, dining room.
You will be surprised at how convenient they are to stick in the freezer at the beach.\n\nAvoid: Urinating on the side of the building.
And the sushi, don't even get me started.
Looks relatively new and is pretty clean.
This will potentially hold around 20M rows.
Those are the only things I order there bc they are so delicious I can't bare to order anything else.
It looks like there is not a perfect solution I ended up having a ProgressBar instance in the Activity, another instance in each fragment exactly overlapping the Activity one and then I just fade them in and out.
For comparison, the method for in C++ returns a pair of an iterator and a boolean.
The command execed is a piped one so how do i make java program to wait until the process is finished.
I'm not one to send a package every day, every week, or even every month, but I've loved this location and the staff each time.
Read a lot of good reviews so I figure I'd check it out.\n\nWas by meself and welcomed by George the bartender.
Great quality German food and beers.
I normally pass on the soup, but I love their ginger salad.
As others have said you've got to keep your expectations in perspective when visiting a mall food court.
It will be pretty straight forward with jQuery.
Some characters in Url are reserved characters and have special meaning.
I had lost some serious inches and he made my old stuff fit like new.
)!\n\nSomehow, even though I had been living in Heinz Lofts for a year, I had never heard of this place.
We used Grub Hub to order, which is a pretty good bet if you want it fast without getting hung up on.
I understand that for relayed messaging, both sender and receiver have to be online and it's a centralized (star-topology) communcation model.
Greens could have been a lil better instead of like leaves but other than that, I loved it.
Keep a separate list for unsolvable hash collisions.
Like I just ran the code this morning and it didn't throw the error.
You name it they've got it.
You probably want to check if the device supports WPD , the replacement of WIA in Vista or later.
Flowers for my July wedding turned out gorgeous, I'd highly recommend Mt.
This line here should be creating a new instance of FeedList after you make it a fragment.
For example, the initial value (frame 0) of the rectangle's centre point is at 100 pixels (i.e.
How to ignore properties with empty values during deserialization from JSON I'm trying to deserialize a JSON string into a ConcurrentHashMap object and I'm getting errors because my JSON contains properties with null values, but ConcurrentHashMap does not accept null values.
If you think the staff is handing out good customer service only to those who are \""cool\"" you're trippin.
Thus, how do I iterate over this?
and Smithfield) on the 13th floor (the wayfinding is in case you would have been forced to ask the guards desk at the entrance of the building otherwise like me I had no idea where I was going, although I'm very familiar with the downtown area...
I am writing Unit tests for a Service Fabric Reliable Service.
\n\nThe staff is kind and accommodating and my toes look great.
Although I am fairly certain that at some point, Upstream offered 1/2 priced bottles of wine throughout the week until 7 p.m., that deal is only offered now on Sundays.
but both were way too citrusy.
I need to do about 45 million, which would take about 45 minutes.
I wasn't buying the most expensive dress in the place but he certainly made me feel like I was.
I've viewed this tutorial too , ist says The main difference between a WCF and a Service Bus service is that the > endpoint is exposed in the cloud instead of locally on your computer.
If your unable to use less memory by making your code more efficient, you might have to increase your available memory.
I need some help to do this :(
I've tried out both and don't see any real advantages which would make one superior
It's just a good amusement park.
Why not to make it the same style and then just do simple str_replace?
My favorite appetizer is the agedashi tofu, though the others are good as well.
\n\nBasically, the place looks fantastic from ceiling to floor.
I'd suggest opening a blank project and trying to recreate the problem in its simplest possible form.
Nice outside seating but beware the pigeons, sit-down and counter service,
JMSCS0002 from Spring JMS and IBM Websphere MQ I've seen a question or two on Stack overflow regarding this error but I'm still unable to solve it, so I thought I would pose my own question.
I've had many good meals here, usually ribeye, a baked potato and broccoli with a side salad.
There only date, but I want to see: "This" + date + " day!"
Open JDK version 1.7.0_09 do not have this package.
Setting to focus on the parent of the row didn't do the trick.
can't get stdout to a variable it seems silly...
another nice solution for specific nodes, is to use the standard $title_prefix/suffix vars, which should be implemented by every theme.
This is best if you just need to prepare one figure for publication purposes.
Unfortunately, i cannot test the performance yet since there are no available data.
But like I said, it is possible to eat here for a reasonably.
Ever since I got an office in Monona I've been looking for a great lunch place.
I don't know if it related to my migration but it does not output any error.
You have to appreciate what they can do without meat or other animal products.
Is there be any reason not to use the latter for every string literal in your code?
It's a winning combo of college dive/local institution and Guy Fieri hangout.\nThe selection of breakfast and some lunch items is vast.
My question: Is there a method in C# to download such problematic pages?
At most salons this would worry me but I've never gotten a bad hair cut at modern!
Marashi has a very calm and professional demeanor, which means a lot when you're in pain and you just want someone to take care of you.
\n\nLet me tell you, the woman knows her way around a seam!
The page will have a title tab and each tab will have the list result.
By far the best thing on the menu, in my opinion.
They have a soft-tip dartboard, a couple of tvs and a broken pinball machine.
Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside.
Great staff, great location and music (incl.
Classes do not change I have faced with a strange problem.
The Chief was a total badass, enough said.\n\nSecondly, I've seen a lot of people apply themselves and get really excellent jobs right out of this college.\n\nYeah, it could be because I'm a townie, but I love Champaign-Urbana.
Very good service, food was very well cooked, taste was okay.
We love coming here on the weekends when we don't feel like cooking.
This means they are quite clean (for an airport restroom, anyway) and they have mouthwash and other goodies.
Our server Eric was also amazing!
need I say more on this topic?
The only thing is that you will feel heavy for the next 3 hours.
Be aware that worked out solutions like exist and are probably better then a quick attempt with some templates as a proper serialization which really produces namespace well-formed XML that round-trips is quite a challenge.
Edit: I think the $scope is not working like I thought....
I've tried it a few times now, and have yet to be disappointed.
If you're doing the whole Atkins diet thing-don't even read this review b/c I don't want to be blamed for your downfall.
There is a huge variety of machines, old school and the newer ones that are easier on your joints.
You can only specify values as parameters.
Well, if you can't use PIVOT operation, the simplest way to get the desired output would be this query: You can add addtional roles to this query by just adding another column.
I am from out of town but was able to order a gift basket of incense, stones and oils over the phone and have it delivered to a sick relative nearby.
it was completely the opposite here\n\nCody was my server ...
Way better then your normal bottomless pot type diner coffee.\n\nThe rest of the gang ordered Omelettes, and French toast and both looked superb..
The only reason you should actually do it server side is if you need to do extensive processing on the data, or you cannot circumvent CORS (cross domain) restrictions.
The real jewel, though, is in the back.
That view could probably be just a UILabel with the text color set to whatever you like.
Or my db server can't do transactions?
I didn't hear a single complaint the entire night about any of the staff.
I got some custom work done here, and it was done super well!
How could we pass that up?
Having completed its task a worker thread writes the pointer to the result into the pipe.
You can buy a bottle of wine or a good beer and sit & sip outside (or inside) until your heart is content.
Loved the chocolate, but I like my cheesecake plain.
the food...I'm just a pretty broke college student who spends all of his expendable income on nice places like Soba.
You can find the installer here:
Their pastries do not have enough flavor to me, they taste rather doughy.
for all the googlers coming here - you're probably looking for this:
HTML : Jquery: See this Demo:
Good staff, offbeat atmosphere, great service and food.
These are: From the first I want and the second I want .
There aren't many places in uptown that you can get a $6 lunch.
I'm not sure where the complaints about the staff are coming from?
When I try to start an game server on Ubuntu with more memory than available, I get the following output: On Mac OS I don't get this error: Both computers have 8GB of memory.
I regret that I do not remember her name.
The pimento cheese is very tasty.
How can i display the string in a popup window??
My husband and I rarely go out to eat without ordering some sort of scallop dish.
You may have to use a callback here This way your will execute every 1.5 seconds.
Don't ask for a cheap cigar or you'll be corrected - 'no no no - \""inexpensive\"" - cheap implies poor quality' - in the voice of a movie college professor.
Since an rvalue is not a glvalue, the code is illegal.
Here is my code: jQuery: I know I'm missing something simple, I just can't figure it out.
Why not just use the UNIQUE attribute on the column in your database?
I did not place an image on the div to simplify the codes.
I went to Ohio and ate at Raising Cane's which is a chicken strips franchise and they paled in comparison.
Im using a cool program in terminal but it's pre-compiled...
How can I re-enable these alerts?
The template is making me even more confused.
Waitresses are really nice and will make you feel at home.
As I continue to walk through the code and step into functions, it appears I'm getting this error other local variables as well.
You come here for the first time, you may think you're walking into some mystery basement.
Given a resource file, containing a combo box definition, for a C++ MFC program, is there a way to programmatically obtain the option strings?
They have repaired tires for me twice and also put on new tires.
Wish I could find a place this good in Chicago, but it hasn't happened!
Walid did a great job tailoring a custom Brooks Brothers jacket (retail $800+) that I found at the factory story ($40).
Dick was there at the time but was busy with another cut so I got mine done by Ali.
They are so very friendly to not only you, but your pet.
They gave a strawberry shorbet between the appetizer and entree as to clean the palette.\nThe buttermilk fried chicken was amazing.
Once Terminal is open, enter in the following command, depending on what you want to do: Normal uninstall will only stop the services and remove the software.
And their pancakes are better than any brunch location out there (NYC included).
What time format is this: 38793.20139 This data is from scientific tracking data.
After half an hour site forget me.
It is nostalgic to eat at a drive inn but not practical when grubbing on bbq.\n\nService was friendly and it was an all around great experience.
A solution: I'm going to use the US population dataset in R:
So br1 was originally supposed to pull/push from master and we end up with br1 pulling from origin/master and pushing to a branch we never knew existed.
Great food, Good Service & friendly atmosphere.
Best dentist ever!!\n\nI had a stretch of maybe five years where I didn't go to the dentist at all.
Today, I started the application, but instead of seeing the map, I see a grid of grey boxes.
Stayed here for the Belk bowl.
It also has a good selection of hot sauces and pre-packaged salsas.
Had a very tight window time frame for delivery and everything was right on time.
The Diane and Etoufee dishes are really great.
We were greeted by our server, and I ordered a water with one of their \""special, owner loves this drink\"" my friend ordered another specialty drink.
Also note that if you only want to list files ending in or , you have to escape the dot, e.g.
Create in the Views folder a : As you can see for the snippet, its going to be a little different from what browser sync tells you to cut and paste.
Orders are all correct, food prepared well for what it is.
Service was very friendly and welcoming.
I get my car washed, good service and people that listen to you.
Food is always great as well as service.
Content of Element Declaration Must Match and Other Validation Errors I am very new to XML and Schema and am having a really hard time trying to validate my document.
Maybe it's the wasabi oil alone, with the palette cleansing bite that comes with every taste?
But thinking that others may have or will be served from that same dish that is inches away from the diner was a bit off.
I am from Los Angeles and there are a million of these sort of places here, so it was nice to have a local Mex place that was casual, consistently good, friendly, laid back and fun.\n\nMy faves are Tortilla Soup & Street Tacos..
The flavor is moderate with the slightest hint of kick.
In my app there is a MapView, and I add OverlayItems to it, about 500 , but it will be more even thousands in the future...
Mike and I enjoyed a small but comfy couch while we talked and drank our favorites.\nLove it!
Back in 1982 it was one of the few places to eat in the Carmel Commons area.
Also try searching for BigInt javascript or BigMath.
Not sure that got you right, but something similar I've done with: UPD.
- but I want to add a button at the bottom of the page that displays a div to tell people what they are.
Once you try this perfect thin crust wonder, you will be hooked.
I got below command working to meet my scenario for now..
I finished them fairly quickly once the movie started (I was seeing the Swedish version of \""Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\"" so this was a while ago.)\n\nAlso, since I was just visiting town, I didn't have a car and I rode the bus there all the way by myself!\n\nSo the point is, you can eat here and get a great dog and good beer, and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie.
If you're looking for something a little nicer than your typical ihop/Perkin's (yet still casual enough to go wearing just shorts and a t-shirt) , then I would suggest checking out Le Peep.\n\nThey have a varied menu with something for everyone, it's clean and open inside, they have outdoor seating for when it's nice out, service was good, and it's cheap!\n\nMy friend and I split a Nomad skillet and their Razzle Dazzle french toast (or something like that).
files.src: [' .html', '{, /}*.html']and copy.dist.files.src:[ ' .{ico,png,txt}', '.htaccess', ' .html', '{, /} .html', 'images/{, /} .{webp}', 'styles/fonts/{, /} .*' ] In this way it is working for me.
areas of proximity within certain bound d.
My data looks like: There is a ~12 digit number on the left and a variable length string on the right.
Mac and cheese was a little salty and not very warm but it wasn't terrible.
I loved the lifesize stores and rooms you can walk through to really get a feel of what it was like to live in NC from the Civil War to the present.
So you can be sure the answer will either be or .
\n\nService - Timely, the waitress is very nice and respectful.
How do you explain that message?
Meredith is an incredibly attentive bartender, regardless of her busy surroundings.
Crispy tofu and eggplant were the highlights of the night.
Write the byte array to a file on the disk and you should be good to go!
but I think if you want to go with a more standardized approach Guava's preconditions is probably best.
It is pricey though so plan to spend a pretty penny.
Very authentic and balanced Eritrean/Ethiopian food.\n\nMostly meat dishes on the menu with a three vegetarian options.
This has one delegate function that returns to its delegate which will respond according to the type set on the .
Hudson has a Performance Plugin allowing to generate a trend graphic report from the results.
I flew through here on my way from Philadelphia (my least favorite airport) to Fort Myers, FL, because it was cheaper.
So, you can do what you want by moving the component palette to the desired location.
Alternatively you could put your last line all in single quotes.
They have toaster and round loaves-which just mean the size of the loaf (I had no clue what they meant when they asked this so I just said toasted in an inquisitive way).
Related: 1 At least for 8-bit s, signed s, or s with higher precision than , so virtually always.
The banana oatmeal pancakes were really special.
Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit.
I suspect that we'll be back the next time we have an excuse to splurge.
You could still split the helper methods ( , etc) into another file to keep the main activity file simple.
\n\nShut out to the piano players, who can not only play the piano, but also sing, play the drums and the sax.
I love a good sauerkraut with a brat, and Flying Saucer definitely hit the mark on both.\n\nMore importantly, the wait staff was great.
Shrimp steamer for me and pan seared shrimp for the hubs and finished off with a mango cake with chocolate sauce ...
Your question "is it worth of programming effort?"; seriously no if you are doing once in a while.
Try signing up here: That seems to be the place to get technical info about Epson POS products.
It follows the code mentioned here : Thanks once more to Piotr Skotnicki for his help and comments, really appreciated.
select checkbox tag python If have a XML document like this : In python I want to select values from that xml that is generated from a .docx document, that contain checkbox.
My dad got some high-end ones there when I was little and they turned out to be pretty awesome.
In my case I guess the problem was eclipse, ant and adb not talking to each other correctly and the saving reset something.
Is there a deeper issue in terms of how I've designed the DB?
Whats the meaning of this" vector(vector'HIGH)='1'"?
(3/9/13) She worked on 2 of my friends' shirts & pants and three pairs of my pants.
The display issue is caused by the Editor that outputs the iframe with size "width: 0px".
"Text" can be whatever you want it to be.
simply upgrading to bootstrap v3.1.1 made the problem go away.
I always opt to go for dark meat chicken, since I think it has more flavor than white meat.
So how can I actually reference these dynamic names in a hitTestObject argument using my .name instance and array??
\n- Toast: Yes, even their toast is excellent.
Some alternatives: Specify a having an extra column and use an empty component for the check column.
It could even be a section number for all I know.
My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children, just two 30-somethings - and enjoyed every moment.
For as many times I have been to Park Road Shopping Center, I don't think I ever came inside Park Road Books.
But how can I set this?
The air conditioning unit was pretty loud so I turned it off at night.
The wait staff is always friendly, there is a nice beer selection and I hear the food is good too (though I've never tried it).
The kitchen is right there for you to watch and its worth watching this chef do his thing!
Other attempts I've tried have generally resulted in the error: Basically I'm off in the weeds here...
This is by far the best breakfast place in the Madison/Middleton area.
I suggest kind of meet in the middle algorithm: actually means to find out and such that We can put all possible sums into a dictionary and then, in the loop over , try to look up in this dictionary.
This service can post notifications in status bar (by becoming a foreground service), from where, user can again be re-directed to a specific part of your app.
How do we get that using envirnoment variables ?
There's a full High Tea Service for $20 per person, which seems a little steep, but for tea service isn't too bad.
i'm a total fan of eons.
I am able to crop and paste, but having problem with blending.
The chicken had good flavor and just a hint of spice.
One part of me can't help thinking that there really will be only one queue/thread map in an application.
For example: Given the addition to plugin.xml in the question, the built-in save handler will now be invoked for any active editor.
Your trick would work, if you would tell , what slash should be translated into:
How to limit the number of objects passed into $firebase object?
If they just did detailing, I would take my Impreza there every time!
Now after taking these courses, I know that I REALLY know SO VERY LITTLE!
instep of using I changed to...
On a Friday night, the place was near deserted after about 10:30pm, with a regular or two, a couple of drunks and a group of quiet students.
The salon is located near a Whole Foods, Starbucks, Walgreens and what use to be a Borders.
All attribute keys are composition keys of each other.
This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities.
thanks in advance from a noob.
I cannot seem to find any good answer to this.
Kindly anyone tell in which class i will get information about Internet Call information.
Just figured out by trail and error.
However, within my app, after doing some stuff, I want to send the suer back to the default browser (or whichever browser/web view they were using when they clicked the link to begin with).
\n\nThe small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.
I'm working on a site that hosts a lot of PDF files and I want to open them in fancybox (2.1) for a preview.
There is also another attempt to emulate position: fixed : But it's hacky, and not very performant too.
Or, if you want to affect some change on the source control in the callback, and you haven't otherwise stored a pointer to it.
I know I can code this myself, but I'm hoping it's already there.
Primanti Brothers is definitely worth the trip!
\n\nThe entertainment begins when the chef comes out to cook your meal.
I believe this may just replace with a separate DIV, rather than just replacing the class in my DIV.
The scent of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies wafted from a high-end easy-bake-oven type device set up near the entrance.
I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D&B's I've been to, where you feed a counting machine your tickets.
I would like to send file(s) with xhr from the user browser to remote FTP server without saving file to my server.
The oysters Rockefeller were the best!
Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
\n\nWe began with the Tega Hills bibb lettuce salad with warm duck confit, as well as the Moroccan Kefta meatballs.
Frankly, I think for what you're getting, their prices are very fair.
This sets up a pathway of communication.
I'm unable to find a way to parse the milliseconds.
so I will just be upfront and say that the few times I have been here I was at least a few drinks in, but this is an excellent place for cheap diner food and is fortunately open late into the night.
Dunking your biscotti into a good coffee, however, is an Uptown pleasure that will cost you surprisingly little -- and the sidewalk tables are a great way to add some Mt.
\nValet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!
This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!
Java API Source Code Where can I find the source code of the Java API?
Go early on a weekend evening as the wait looked treacherous by the time we left the restaurant at 7:00PM.
They even have a giant selection of pies!
So having some code/tips on how to do this would be greatly appreciated.
When I highlight the images and drag the highlight downwards, its scrolls down vertically.
checks whether buffer actually should have a file.
Similarly, literals like and , though defined by Objective-C rather than C, are part of the language and you cannot change or add to them, as the literal syntax is built into the language.
I also like their fresh fruit.
So I thought I would ask.
Great price for a huge sandwich.\n\nGrilled Panini ($6.49)~ It was the panini of the week, not sure what it was.
Poo Poo platter fun with the flaming sterno cauldron.
I think that insisting on pure XAML here is not essential and @bit's answer is the right way to go, IMO.] You can use style to have triggers that do the change.
I'm facing Duplicate name exception This is the .aspx.cs file.
But I think it's possible to extract these calculations somehow and share them during the serialization process.
I really like their salsa and guacamole.
And a Body Shop store, which is convenient for me when I'm flying back to PHX.
Except those, there aren't any changes.
First , it allows us to bind fewer event handlers than we'd have to bind if we were listening to clicks on individual elements, which can be a big performance gain .
However, in CF10+, you can use the secure attribute instead of invoking java for the secure connection.
Both came with homemade biscuit- I'm in love with this biscuit right away!
Each row of data will have approx 15 fields and I need to be able to highlight if any retrospective changes have been made to any of the fields in each row of data.
\nThis is my favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Try the Sazerac if you want a stiff, sweet drink and the Hurricane if you want a fruity, refreshing beverage that punches like a Long Island.
To completely get rid of the problem, one would need to wrap std::vector and change the signature of , PIMPL etc..
We bought fudge- the deal was buy one pound, get half a pound for free.
(Apparently, installing with 'winetricks cygwin' is easiest) Invoke Cygwin's bash shell (inside some Wine program) like this: Of course, change c:\cygwin to wherever you install it.
She could do a true military high taper without having to be coached.\n2.
The solution is based on inherited constructors and the way functions calls are resolved.
My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two.
How to open forms ussing keyboard keys I would like to be able to press shift+D+A+L to open another form (form2) ussing VB.net how do i do this?
It would be easy to stop at Chili's because Chili's is RIGHT THERE and comfortable and you know it by heart, but don't.
I've just never had an opportunity to eat here until I had some friends staying in Uptown and they wanted a \""Charlotte meal\"".
Even some of the dishes at Famous Daves could rival Smoky Jon's, although the ribs certainly could not.
A module contains IL and many of them are linked together to create an assembly, which is usually housed in a PE like a .exe or a .dll.
The above discrepancy occurs on 32-bit Linux, but not on 64-bit Linux.
For example: Note that this will just open your default browser; however, you could simply replace the command with the specific browser's command to choose your browser.
I couldn't even begin to count the number of times that I have been to this place.
Pricing is very reasonable and the food is good.
The easiest way to jump from my solution to the actual one is to notice that on the even lines...
And do you have a better solution to my image problem?
Based on this assumption, GCC will only emit the implicitly defined constructors, the assignment operator, the destructor and the virtual table of a class in the translation unit that defines its first such non-inline method.
Member would have address of plus a byte size of .
\n\nBest joke I ever heard at a Waffle House in college: \""What has six boobs and eight teeth?\"" Answer: \""The night shift at the Waffle House!\""\n\nEnjoy!
It is not too unlike other hotel rooms but it seems TOO dark.
But i want them to be displayed vertically instead of horizontally, because with the following code it assigns them in the same line.
Yes, this is an extra ticket/cost, but if there's something playing that interests you, it's definitely worth checking out.
They were very good the mix of favors offers a very unique taste!
I have tried scouring the code for references to the critical objects mentioned here, as well as reading up on Xlib Events from the guide here: and searching for answers on google, but honestly this is just a bit over my head, and I can't get a grip on the issue.
but when a nother login page construct dynamic form (it is doing submit to the first login page with /j_security_check at the end of the url) to do the login it fails and I see JSESSIONID cookie has an empty value in the path.
I want to see from the application server the requests.
The sauce has a great consistency to it and it clings nicely to the meat.
Is there any way to have the equivalent of Azure's startup cmd scripts or powershell scripts?
It starts with in the html page.
Good service, and the fare I've come to expect from Noodles locations.
\nAlso, I believe they make their own pastries.
Add new class and define your extension methods inside it.
Since relationships aren't inherited, you need to declare as a friend of both classes.
You can try using ShowBrowserBar , but if it doesn't work you will have to reconsider your design.
The grading scale is tough sometimes, but they really feel like they got a good education that was worth the expense and time.
Server.py Client.py My server on laptop is not receiving any data .
We said that we would definitely go another night for drinks and appetizers(which looked tempting) in the bar/lounge area with friends.
Three big raviolis, filled with succulent meat (think pulled pork, but Italian and well-spiced).
There is no such tool in existence which can perform above specified tasks.
Or is each subsequent evaluation overwriting the previous one?
I love Miller Park, but, we had just as much fun at the Madison Mallards game.
I made a silly mistake: I was using the wrong root XSD.
Or possibly: You're not really looking for sorting on values , you just want to swap indices.
Maybe I am looking at this wrong and can achieve this at the firewall level instead of running website scripts.
\nThe total was a bit over $30 for the 3 of us and we each had probably half our meal left over.
Same name in table of sqlite.
one wasn't eaten until several days later, and even though it was cold from my refrigerator, it was just as soft as the day i bought it.
Still: if they did some rent control...
\n\nAnd I didn't have to fight traffic.
The meatballs were tasty but otherwise, I'm not sure why it would be famous.
I have an abstract class called MyAction which contains a protected enum variable.
Am I overlooking some serious problems by doing it this way?
The loads the data, and then you just need to echo it.
Add a or to the end of each loop.
Though I would warn anyone that if you're going to go for this burger make sure your stomach is empty, skip breakfast, go in starving.
\n\nSome other airports need to come study this airport's success and learn a thing or 20.
I tire of eating out only to become dissatisfied knowing I could have made the meal better myself.
Here's what I have added in my .bat file for my application that I run: (there's more on the end but I don't feel it's relevant) Am I not adding this correctly?
I suppose I could subset the data first, but that is taboo for good reason (e.g.
\n\nIt does get really crowded at peak times, and the service can be hit-or-miss to an extreme: sometimes I've gotten a server who hangs around making hilarious jokes and sometimes I've been in parties that were actually forgotten about after we were seated and then have the orders wrong when we finally did get our food (although the bad service is definitely more rare than the good).
TeeChart for Xamarin.Forms with Windows 8 (WinRT) apps We have a Xamarin.Forms app that also supports Windows 8/8.1 as a platform.
The query string contains several single quotes (').
We always get the vegetable tempora because its hard to find good vegetable tempora.
Every time I go south I check their locations to see if there's one close enough to go to so I can get more.
I can't find any free libraries except for AlphaControls Free.
i think best way is Asset Types Constants that specify the type of an asset.
No person working could be found for a good three minutes while I stood there with my bill in hand.
The pretzel rolls with a little butter are otherworldly.
But I'd like to know if there's a way to get the current state.
They usually have two vegetarian entrees, one or both of which can be made vegan.
Use setinterval in javascript to perform a task every x seconds.
They got 4 stars instead of 5 because they made me feel a little guilty like I should be doing more.
Pretty good though for a quicky snack.
What is the correct way to fix this?
Since this specific issue seems to be resolved but it hasn't been addressed in an answer, I'll make the general remark that when trying to debug an error that pops up in the jQuery/jQuery UI/etc files, it's usually not actually an error IN THAT FILE, it's an error in your usage of it that isn't actually breaking until it gets down into jQuery.
jquery to hide txtbox I want to hide my textbox-X in classic asp according to the date entered textbox-Y.
It also won't save anything set with glBindBuffer/glBufferData because those would be server side states.
Good luck with this, let me know how it goes.
Mussels appetizer was simple and good, steak and salmon entrees were perfectly done.
The house made ginger sauce on the salad is amazing as well!
The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years.
I got the salmon cake with two sides mac and cheese and mash potatoe with gravy.
One sandwich feeds 2 adults and will fill both of you up.
Or with , we can do it.
It discards its left operand and returns the right one.
example: example: expression, using function: etc.
And when exiting the usb storage activity, returning to the main activity, is called, instead of .
I would miss it terribly if it was not there.
try below code :- Read below link for more information :-
The beer is great, the company is diverse to say the least, the staff is very groovy, and the food is good.
Pick whatever format you want, but if it might be confusing, then try to eliminate as much of the confusion as possible:
The logic associated with your class should live inside proper methods.
Given this network: A message can go from A to D by traveling through B ( ) But maybe D is configured to every outgoing packets be routed through C so the return path can be ( ).
No matter what you choose, I'm sure you'll be pleased.\n\nThere is usually a long wait on the weekends, but it is worth it.
The service is great and the food, unbelievable.
Because of the great reviews on Yelp, I drove out of my way to take my car to Chet's.
modern priced, comfortable, good ritas and sangria and standard Mexican food done California style.
I would definitely go back to explore their menu.
You may checkout the UserName property:
Octopress, github pages, CNAME domain and google website search My blog was successfully transferred to octopress and github-pages.
I'd spend my money there again.
Although the runtime performance is probably pretty similar.
Recently stayed at this Holiday Inn location for a business trip and was pretty happy with it.
Perfect example, I went in and asked for a pound of italian sausage (kale/cauliflower/sausage pot pie, yum!) and they were out but they offered to make me some on the spot.
But what is the best practise in .NET MVC application ?
I cannot wait to go back: luckily, my grandma lives across the street!!
(I answered a similar question <a href="
It's our favorite place to go for special occasions!
As I recall, Maven 3 will actually complain if you don't explicitly specify the desired version for each plugin.
So I've stayed at this hotel several times now.
The dining room was packed and we were told there would be an hour wait.
Good Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say.
Much better than Pravda, er the Gazette.
Instead of you can use directive for its regex capability:
May seem hipster but this is the real deal.
Best thai I've ate in a long time.
I've looked through the docs and didn't see anything.
I modified the code in .h file by below line @property (nonatomic, strong) NSString *username; Thanks Tamilarasan
Found this little gem of a place while in Madison last weekend.\n\nThe restaurant is in the basement of a building which you access through an outside stairwell on the side.
\nTheir Starbucks in the lobby, however, was closed a lot of times, and the closest coffee place was about five blocks away, which was a bummer..\nBut all in all, if I ever make it back to Charlotte again, I would most likely stay at the Westin again.
If there is no entry in the map, then a redirect/proxy could be sent.
I have created xlsx file which will be updated once per week with exactly measured cities.
A clean, modern, relatively well-designed airport.
Let me know if you have any questions.
It's usually difficult to catch an open table, but once you do, it's worth it.
For client consumption across a broad spectrum of client capabilities, microservices are more easily and practically managed with a gateway because the gateway is a piece of infrastructure that acts as a control point for QoS concerns such as security, throttling, caching, payload pagination, lightweight transformation, tracebacks through header injection, etc.
The tomatoes were artfully displayed with a creamy sauce.
Eclipse will automatically ammend the package declaration in the Java sources.
Rather than updating all connected clients when ever a piece of data changes at server .
I've heard that Ajax or jQuery might be the way to go.
So you do not need to use at all.
They make it easy as you back your car up to the large warehouse doors and a helpful worker will unload.
My boyfriend and i went here last night.
What I mean by this is that you should propose an axiom about F that allows you some shortcut over direct filtration.
All the staff we encountered was friendly.
alertAddress logs the data correctly before the alert is involved but accessing this data at all when handling the alert button dismissal causes a problem.
\n\n2) This place is the people mover capital of the world.\n\n#2 is unofficial, but my God...
Just use ExecuteScalar However if your really want to use an adapter and a dataset then you can find the result of your query reading the value from the first row and first column from the returned table or even (without declaring the table1 variable) To discover the difference between the result of the first select statement and the count of rows returned in the second select statement you could write
Streaming Flash Video Problem - Clipping I have a simple flash video player that streams the video from a streaming media server.
Is there no solution other than e.g.
I have gone through that too.
There was also a very generous amount of asiago cheese on top of my pasta and a slice of prosciutto.
I am using JAX-RS to develop a RESTful api for an application.
Best practices using JPA to load object from query with a list member I'm getting started with JPA and I want to know the best way to achieve something like this: I need to implement a service that returns a list of scripts, and each script has a list of parameters.
The food is terrific, the service is top notch, they remember our names and it always feels special when we dine there.
We all had the twice baked potatoes which were just OK.\n\nOur server never checked on us, never offered drink re-fills, and overall it was frustrating.
What is the difference between and ?
This will take care of your timezone issues.
And yes, they are so much cleaner than any of the other places in Pittsburgh that I have used.
The hot tub is really nice.
Admittedly, the grump factor is high in some of my Yelp reviews.
Had lobster soup first so later the sea bass didn't taste that great.
I suggest to use a , with one and one , and set over the image view as below:
I would rather run this part of the code with a regular foreach than change that particular object.
I want to display the list of book titles on each formatted as a REST link and their ID to , like so: I know how to use to display 1 but I want to display all of them?
You've really outdone yourself, my dear.
Granted it's probably not the healthiest of food options, but they provide quick service at affordable prices.
The heart of my question is: is there a better way to do this than using the for loop in wpcm?
Went for the first time today.
This is the description of the assignment: Ruby program that can hold these values: Artifacts Values Assumptions It shall be possible for a user: To enter these three types of values.
If I add the context, the code structure will have a big change.
The correct use of is for a small bit of descriptive text that will appear if the image is not loaded.
Best moment was seeing plane land & pilot came into diner- was very cool for him.
Doctrine - many to one; Populating many, can't use the constant "ones" on the DB.
Usually have to make sacrifices when you are looking for something good, fast, and inexpensive, but Showmars fits the bill.
You asked how to write the access control into the workflow, so my answer may not be right on target.
Code::Blocks Boost 1.60.0 GCC Compiler on Windows and Linux
It was really nice, and the staff was great!
Good place to take the family , a date or just yourself .
Breakfast was fast, cheap, and very good!!!
You could reuse products of 2 numbers with a memoizing (dynamic programming) approach.
How I can show only three elements of my associative array using for?
They're known for their fish, but we didn't have that.
is run on different host machines where it is not really ok to install anything.
The exact formulas are shown for each blend mode option.
The room was CLEAN and large just like the bathroom.
When I took relatives from San Fransisco and Chicago to Shanghai, they ordered the hottest level of hot and it was still milder than what they could get locally.
The manager who has worked here for the past year or so seems to know how to run this place and is a nice guy.
I have this code: but I want to get the exit code of .
Here is my code What is the mistake i am doing here?
\n\nI can't speak for dinner (yet) but if the food is as good, skip the pretentious Bistroids, and barking manager of Del's, and the potential gunfire from Pleasure Bar...and give them a shot.
Anyways, I definitely forget the name of the dish.
the place is packed though, and there was a steelers game going on, ive never seen so many steelers fans before.
So I looked using INSERT INTO ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE, which should work with multiple data sets.
You can quite easily achieve this with a single query:
QT5/QSql bindValue query doesn't work I have a query made with QSql I use order value as "DESC" but it doesn't work properly.
You have to pass the delegate into the method with out the "Cattle Wars" parameter Then you method should look like the following.
I currently have mine configured to serve via jetty, like eclipse, and also tomcat, tc-server, jboss, and node.js.
This allows one to write code that looks wrong but is correct.
Easy way to solve this issue:
Having to wait a really long time for our server to bring a bottle of wine and take our order knocked this place down to 4 out of 5 stars.
However, as several instances of the UI library have to run at the same time, I cannot put every sub-module inside a closure and define a private namespace inside this closure.
They also offer specials on gun packages that other places do not offer, but you have to visit to see what is on special as they are not advertised.\n\nOffer gun range memberships which can be more economical than the hourly rates for those who shoot at least once a month.
You can probably get that anywhere else.
I want to modify it so that you can start the program at a specific joke.
The "inner", or nested, one creates a new object, and passes hidden-field informations, but all other values are "nil".
A Charlotte classic hang out :)
Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes, but if your looking for a casual place to grab a beer and burger, this is the place.
Assume this question void if someone found a way of ing files on Google servers ;).
Here is pseudocode for the minimax score of a tic-tac-toe board (what should return).
Add the bin dir to your PATH env.
The home page code is here:
explains his assessment and plan as one progresses through the appointment, and boy did he ever.
Cappy's is a rarity on Walnut Street: it's as close to unpretentious as you'll ever get in this affluent and often snooty shopping district.
I would definitely go there again.
Don't expect flop down for a casual California roll here.
If the external address is on a router that is NAT'ing requests from it to the server's internal address, you can't bind to it because it's on a different machine.
\n\nSushi here are very fresh and there are plenty of Japanese appetizers on the menu in English and Japanese.
I am still keeping it 5 stars despite my one issue which is there has rarely (if any) been a menu change in the 7 years of me eating there.
How to Implement a ListBox of Checkboxes in WPF?
We had ample time to explore each room.
The extension tt_news is very useful for me but there is this little thingy called "register:newsMoreLink".
The competition pool configuration changes between 50 meters and 25 yards, depending on the day and time.
The application crashed on client machine and showed the error: I've already installed , to client machine but the problem still there.
If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best \""old time\"" meals you'll ever have.
What does {x:1} do in Javascript?
They had an excellent selection of seafood, and I can't wait to dine again
You may need to split the label to have it centered, depending on your needs:
What a gem had I not read the yelp reviews, I would've passed this place by like a in house fast food joint..
In your collection, the field is named (note the lowercase) whereas in your query the field is name (note the camel case).
For purposes of setting up FK relationships SQL Server doesn't care if the column(s) is the PK or not it just requires a unique index on it/them.
Somewhere in your code, you should implement: Hope this helped.
Too bad.\n\nIn any case, I will most definitely be coming back.
The dinner roll that this dish came with was sweet, soft, and spongy.
You can use the Time Period Library for .NET to calculate overlapping and intersecting time periods.
First and foremost, make sure that mod_rewrite module is enabled in your apache server.
So having the combiner not being executed in the mapper is possible but highly unlikely.
is a property, returning a value - it's not a variable.
Eventually it goes beyond the range of the matching buffer I have, and the two systems reset themselves, which always starts back off with "normal" levels of latency.
Bottom line: Great for adults and kids alike, another of the must see Pittsburgh sites.
Here is the event code when the user clicks on one of the images.
Really a great option for brunch.
gaitat is absolutely correct that you are experiencing z-buffer depth precision issues.
The procedure itself probably takes 20 mins.
If you have connections, you better leave at least :30 minutes between them.
I have adapted a script and added some additional explanatory notation to show how this works.
I registered a couple new widget areas above my content and below entries, and I'm having trouble styling them.
You have several problems with your code.
I would have the be the initial view controller in the storyboard and then conditionally present the title view/login screen modally as soon as the application finishes launching.
I'm new to codeigniter ,and I have done the below code I want to add offset and limit to the above query , can anyone help me modify it to accomplish that?
You can use min-width to handle this.
This is likely because you're trying to output to a as opposed to a local document...
If I am extra peckish, I get extra veg.
On my streaming server I have setup the streamlock and done with configuration in vhost.xml file.
Red5 changing the default location of storing media files I've just started playing with Red5 and am developing an app using which users can record video messages.
However, I'm running into weird issues, where once the originating document is destroyed, the cloned element misbehaves.
Excellent service from waitress Ariella with the long black pony tail (don't know her last name).
This was just more on the bland side than I expected, No one distinct flavor dominated so I felt like it was left with an almost indescribable flavor.
With some salt added, it was slightly above average.
Django/HTML - what "value", "id" and "name" fields stand for?
e.g in one of my web application page, there are two modules i: tag clouds module ii: photo listing module both have variable $listOrder , e.g when script processing module " tag cloudes " it set $listOrder = "tagid desc" as its not set initially.
The food is OK, but the selling point is it is one of the few places in Charlotte that has culture and history.
The Omakase is expensive, but worth it.
Example The player starts with 15 coins and an income of 5.
And because the content dynamic I can't just change float when I need that.
Yea not all airports are doing this so enjoy.
JPEG to JFIF conversion I need to convert jpeg image to jfif format this is because i need to send MMS data.
I had dinner this past Sunday night at the Capital Grill.
The first up-to-four floating-point values are also passed in registers, from left to right, in XMM0, XMM1, XMM2, and XMM3.
My meal was enjoyable I got spicy beef dish and it came with potatoes.
Best chiropractic center I been to others Dr Novak and staff are the best in the Pittsburgh area they are concerned and problems always taken care of excellent adjustments I always feel better after I leave there
The log file shows "Error 0x80070642: Failed to perform minor upgrade of MSI package." EDIT : Inside the MSI log a SecureRepair fails with error code 39439E438 (?) probably because the stored hash value does not match the current...
Here's the first method that came to mind.
God.\n- Busy, construction-plagued intersection surrounding the hotel.\n- Mandatory valet.
It was flavorful, but frankly a good sea bass should be treated better IMO.\n\nI got the cheesecake for dessert which frankly, wasn't all that great.
Is there a way to save data and not call request again?
And using exceptions at all is unidiomatic in scala - is mainly about catching exceptions that library functions might throw and translating them into more idiomatic expressions of potential failures.
Unfortunately I have never seen this warning b/c none of the browsers I use seem to show it to me.
Orientation attribute is per activity so you can declare the orientation for only the activity that contains the fragment so that it is in landscape and the rest of the activities will remain as they are.
by optimizing such statements out), so such things should definitely be avoided.
Or how to calculate this time in respect to number of incoming PushKit pushes.
That could be just a flag indicating the fact of successful authorization, or that could be the promo code - if you would need its value later.
Of course one of them could be subject to different firewall rules or they could be on two completely different segments but there's no way to detect any and all of these circumstances.
I was wrong.\n\nDavid's Jamaican, in my mind, had quite a few strikes against it before I went.
A little more than I was hoping to pay for a breakfast dish but I suppose I can't complain, as it was morethan enough to hold me through until dinner.
This just checks if a number is the square of a number that ends with the digit .
If you are into American Chinese food, then Taipei South is probably the best place in Charlotte for that.
Use the Allocations tool in Instruments with Heapshot to find it.
If you need HIM to make your health care a priority than YOU need to make yours a priority as well, and take the appointment he or Erica gives you and make it work...afterall you are in a lot of pain, aren't you?
I have traveled to Italy and this ristorante compares with anything I found there.
I would try invalidating the caches and restarting.
This gives us more readable code + our IDE doesn't say 'invalid syntax' all the time.
\n\nOverall, I don't recommend the grocery store, but highly recommend the hot food if you're in the strip area and craving a quick, cheap snack.
The error you are receiving in your code is due to the following line You are attempting to assign the string literal "space" to , I also have this error in my comment which I can't edit anymore.
I chose a Chablis (yes the REAL Chablis from French Burgundy) and it paired wonderfully with the Halibut.\n\nI didn't have time to try an app or desert.
You can use a big plastic bag.
I got the \""Cod father 2\"" with a side of onion rings.
You will have better luck getting seated quickly if you arrive by 10am.
Since I cannot see the rest of the code, I assume this is the problem.
\n\nThey also sell Luna Bars, Clif Bars and other power bars and healthy snacks.
Or what's the general way to integrate TCP/IP applications into asp.net ?
The catalog, in my case, is the database name: What's annoying is according to the official hibernate documentation, schema and catalog are optional.
I want to store a project, store tasks, and be able to associate tasks to a project and quickly retrieve all the info per project.
I make website by Spring MVC and have few questions: For presented the view I use Apache Tiles tool.
While it was good it wasn't life changing.
So, will tell the spring container via the dispatcher servlet to locate such annotated classes and methods for mapping.
\n\nI changed my order based on his recommendation and ended up ordering the garlic chicken which is a little bit spicy and has brocoli, mushrooms, water chestnuts, red bell pepper, onions, plus I asked for cashews to be added to the dish.
This should be +33ms from the previews sample.
Also you should take care of following things.
Is there some kind of "interpolate string" function, where I can add hash k-v pairs to an existing hash.
It may be useful to call this method from a thread separate from your primary UI thread.
\n\nI picked the spinach and ricotta ravioli, which were large little pillows of warm goodness.
Go to Preferences > General > Editors > File Association and click on *.html (and do the same for *.htm).
There is a bin dir under that.
By the end of the day this place turned crazy!!
We use an Octopus Service Account with an API Key, and we call it .
When you receive the image you have to access to its metadata (exif data si the exact name) to verify its rotation and other properties.
Best shop by far in the South Hills.
The small interior can get crowded at times, but the pizza is worth the minor inconvenience.
So: write your own serialization (or: load/save) logic.
Any-hoo, haven't met a place to go wrong with bread.
Fellow diners I have eaten with have ordered the corned beef, the roast beef, and the pastrami and have raved about them all.
Under previous versions and on previous generations of processors, it is "something", which can mean pretty much anything .
Since this is a highly contrived assignment you may as well just stick to the requirements.
Those were quite disappointing, as they were very small and tasted very similar to what I could get from a Sam's Club or Wal-Mart.
I'd recommend stopping by here to see which groceries are being discounted; those tend to be a good bargain.
The form works great and the data is passed via JSON to my MVC controller and all works fine.
please guide me how can I make my application to connect to ssl As I want to Apple enable push notification services on my application Its urgent.
I was nervous going in but I received better service here than at the one across town by Northlake.
With mushrooms, ham, mozzerella and a drizzle of heavy cream, it brings together flavors that seem made for each other.
However, the venue was actually nice with a nice neighborhood feel.
This is a great spot for a date night, or meeting friends for drinks.
I assume that you meant to return the local variable that you declare in the function.
How does the sp register work if there are multiple call stacks?
Some of streaks looked bad enough to warrant a repaint of the area and a new headlight,\n\nRather than push an expensive repaint, I was advised to go with the less expensive option (buffing).
Judging by this answer: All views get passed the same canvas with underlying bitmap to draw on so that the memory is not tripled.
I prefer to lose a little of the temperature for crispier food when I sit down at home.
The hot lobster roll is served on buttery Mancini roll and melts in your mouth.
This is the method that Braintree suggested and it had a boat load of errors when I copied and pasted it.
sleep in emacs lisp script A , two time strings are inserted with 5 secs apart script B some comint code (that add hook, and start process) , "ZZZ" is inserted right away, without any time delay what might have happened?
Very nice and listened to all my concerns (I don't take my cat to the vet much so I wait and lump it all together).
My point: the next time you want your Cubano with no mustard or extra sauce, don't believe the hype and make them customize it for you!
Connect your device to wifi as well as your computer.
Microsoft responded with: “Microsoft takes intellectual property seriously, and we are currently investigating these allegations.
Use instead: Make sure you understand the nature of a value, before you go on writing complex triggers.
Some of the best looking waitstaff I've seen outside of a Hooters; adding an extra point for that reason.
As in the Hayes modem control commands?
I have been going here for 20 years.
As a food service worker for my entire life, I was more focused on the level of service...Right on cue, everything was taken care of.
The first time I wanted to get in on the Gobblerito trend that half of my coworkers were enjoying during November, so I ordered that and a frozen margarita.
There is no alternate for the direct child selector in IE6 (it should work in IE7 though).
In your case, not only are you declaring a variable but you're also creating an object that you never use.
Report PHP / MySQL I apologize in advance for my bad English level.
All three modules are very flexible with Template Toolkit (TT) allowing you to output data in html, XML, or even pdf if you need to.
The wear module is being built with the release build type instead of the same beta-build-type I used to initiate the build.
Currently, I am getting the following error: A potentially dangerous Request.Form value was detected from the client I have had a look at the following resource: The resource says to add the attribute.
(It can be a little more complicated because the arrow might have structures which aren't totally encapsulated by , like internal counters which are summed together with which are then set to when using .
Great place for lunch!\n\nThe reviews on yelp don't do this place justice.
How to animate RecyclerView height before items are shown How can I, or should I say when can I animate recyclerView height before items are shown ?
The crowd was a diverse group of couples and small groups and everyone seemed to be enjoying the food and the ambience.\n\nThe calamari was excellent, very light and not greasy.
Correct me if i am wrong, Every class impilcitly extends Object class thats why we can access every methods like equals,clone,hashcode etc So my question is when we create any array for example array of int[] ,foo[] we can access length field of Object class but when we create any object we can not see length variable, why?
Could you guys point me out??
I have a limitation I can not give full path(absolute path) of constants.cfg because if I run in different PC it should work with out any modification Also if I represent something like below, I can access the file.
I wanted the suit back by Tuesday (now that I think of it that was very unrealistic considering it's prom season) and they weren't sure if they could do it.
Are there less cumbersome ways that pairing?
For example if a grid has 10 columns such as c1,c2,c3...c10 and values such as va1,va2,va3....,va10 and vb1,vb2,vb3....,vb10 and so on.
Here are the tables I'm working with and I'm only showing the relevant columns: Movement : Stop : For each movement record, there are 2 or more stop records.
With below changes in begin analysis and try it again.
The query creates a large SQL statement that takes 20 seconds to execute - too long.
It was delightful and we would order it again.\n\nFor an appetizer we shared the Capesante: grilled sea scallops, shaved fennel, red onion, orange and basil.
For example, requesting takes about two minutes.
How do I fix this error?
How to create Filter for org.eclipse.jface.viewers.CheckboxTreeViewer?
I remember the walnut chicken and the orange beef the most.
I know i can use request.is_ajax to distinguish the call, and thus work out which page i should serve - what i don't know is how to avoid replication.
\n\nThis place has tasty treats behind the glass case, and a variety of breakfast dishes on their menu.
When deleting also clear all references to the since it is possible that you can still access the old database file through that (If you delete a file in Linux and you have that file open you can still use it - it's just no longer accessible via the path).
We also shared the fantastic pumpkin pancakes.
I'm going to guess go with an associative array.
Wonderful and Service was friendly and attentive!!
If something else starts filtering your titles -- a new plugin, a different theme -- then you'll be back with database mismatches.
Sure, if it responds, you've got that -- but if you get a timeout, the most likely answer is a firewall (perhaps Amazon's group policies) s the packet on the floor.
I tried FeedDialogBuilder but i can't tag friends with it.Please help me if anyone know how to do it.
Same code was working.But now it is not hitting my servlet now, but giving http response code 200.
For the query about negative values: Negative values are allowed and would result in the element being moved in the opposite direction to those already stated above.
Or visit: U can find info for solution this problem
You can use in your local pc where you complete your program.
\n\nThings to know: ladies, there are bag restrictions.
Worth every penny and every minute.
If you know of better cinnamon rolls in Charlotte, let me know.
I suspect that I'm missing some sort of method where I tell the listbox that I'm done modifying the underlying list.
\n\nSince I obtained this booking via priceline.com, the rate was very good, probably due to the construction.
\nEveryone from Mary who usually rings me up to the guys who make the bagels.\nI like the different types of bagels and spreads.
Beer sampler was fun to try!
\n\nAdvice host that we are in a hurry.
If you're a first-time client, he'll have you fill out a questionnaire afterwards so you can offer any suggestions.
It is always busy and it is kinda ghetto but on a positive note the layout of the store is pretty ok because I still find amazing deals.:)
What's the point of using Smarty and putting HTML code into PHP?
available.packages by publication date Is it possible to get the publication date of CRAN packages from within R?
and define the required kind of layout inside these.
I hardly ever order an entree that focuses on meat and it is even more rare that I order a burger.
The food was outstanding and the wait staff is very accommodating.
\n\nAlthough you will always have your creepers....case in point last night.
This was by far the best sushi I've ever tasted.
Huge menu, fresh tasty food, reasonable prices.
\n\nShopping here really makes me wish I owned a pick-up truck.
So, what would be the most clean and elegant way of doing this?
–d ”(([[1, [], [2, 3]], [[4]], 5])” would return [1,2,3,4,5].
I understand that the below code allows me to upload an image but what I cant get my head around is how i would display the image for a profile picture, by this I mean what path would I use to locate the image for the individual user.
Seeing the Polar Express annually has become something of a family tradition for me and the little ones.
3300.0 10.0 3132.0 3348.5 3557.3 3467.4 3212.0 3084.6 3324.0 I have the following code:
has nothing to do with bytes, this is an int operation.
I have figured out how to make the query for the intersection, but can't figure out how to define the boxes in the database so that it returns me all boxes that intersect with my query parameter.
They have such a huge selection of products.
Download the template on the rmarkdown github repository or find your local version on your computer.
If the browser went directly to the php file: , the base URI would be and the css would resolve just fine to .
Just did a tasting for my daughter's wedding.
Return true if exists, otherwise return false.
I've looked at this old post and This line of code doesn't work neither Thanks
After some hair pulling, I realised that the problem was the fact that I did not change the jquery script and signalr paths when deploying.
As such, we will repeat the calls for as many times as specified with this flag.
Since it's from a video game, it won't have real coordinates, but you can basically choose some fake coordinates for its corners and everything inside will be interpolated.
I'm not sure if I expressed my problem very well, but now I've found the solution.
When i run my application it shows as below error Error 1 Could not load file or assembly 'SQLite' or one of its dependencies.
I myself set my editor to display trailing whitespace, since I think trailing whitespace is a bad idea.
With it, you can maintain a separation of content from code.
Being new to Pittsburgh, and so far disappointed with \""vintage\"" stores, Eons seemed quite promising.
If I navigate through the pages, I don't see any other connections created, mainly because the project is using database pooling but if I close the browser the threads are still running, they are not being freed up.
They're still good, just be warned that if you eat an entire thing of chips your heart might explode.
You can go to your Settings->Apps and check the permissions which apps are allowed to use GPS.
I would highly recommend Foundation for the Carolinas for an uptown wedding in Charlotte, NC.
It may not even be necessary to specify here depending on how you are using .
Is there a problem in my code that isn't registering properly in iOS?
How do I sum the votes and sort them.
Very good food experience.\n\nOverall, one of those places where you go for the people just as much as the food, and a true southern food experience if there ever was one.
It's not possible to run a web server while your app is in the background (except for the first few minutes at most).
I hope the following output: thanks.
Technical information Java 6, Maven 3.0.2, maven eclipse plugin 2.8, Eclipse 3.3.2 (but I can test with newer version of Eclipse), no m2eclipse plugin.
I love Asian food, and now I have another place to enjoy.\n\nI didn't mind the decor, and the place isn't \""dirty\"" either.
Perfect experience for this Steelers fan from Maryland.
Edit: I created a model for my join table and it auto-generated a migration and added an integer "viewer_id" and an integer "report_id" like Vimsha suggested below.
A common approach is to pass the data to the constructor; however, when the value object is pretty big, that may become quite bloated: Another approach whould be to provide the arguments as an array, resulting in a clean constructor, but that might mess up the implementation of the constructor: That also looks a bit unnatural to me.
Do I need to use makeelf or something to get a .bin file?
You need an interface to decouple the domain logic from the REST service.
Make sure to visit on the weekends when they are stocked to the rafters with goodies!
It was everything I'd hoped for.
\n\nFrom my understanding this place has been around a long time, doing their thing.
great diner with good veggie and vegan options.\noverall very nice staff, friendly, prompt\ngreat desserts!
You can use inline to boost performance if necessary.
But you'll never go wrong here, either.
Visibility is controlled by the presence of a search listener.
This is example from "CLR via C#" book: Here executing thread is released just after call.
You can read more about this here:
Cafe Sam has a cool Pittsburgh vibe.
The food is delicious and very reasonably priced (average entree is $20-25).
She was very sick one night so I was frantically searching for a 2nd opinion.
When i have config.eager_load= true in my environments/production.rb the app crashes giving the following error in the engine But the same above seems to work if i set the config.eager_load = false Is this normal ?
\n\nDessert was quite sterling - the strawberry panna cotta was perfectly prepared, although a bit much with the cookies.
9-holes w/ cart during peak hours on a weekend was only $27, very inexpensive I thought!
ADLDS is the most recent name for an old product called ADAM (Active Directory Application Mode).
Glenn is super professional and do everything to accommodate his clients.
but I could go either way.\n\nThis location is near my office so...
Between this place and Tram's down the street, Pho Minh is my favorite.
How often do YOU get to look down on SouthPark people like they look down on you?
You are declaring an array, if you want to add another array inside the first one, try something like this:
Arduino Ethernet web server problems I got some problems with my Arduino code i made a Arduino Ethernet SD web server its task is to get a comand and light a Power switch and show if the switch is on or off Everything works perfect.
It's real steak cooked to order inside, too.
Yes, of course this is possible.
Great breakfast items (French toast,omelettes, scramblers, pancakes) available around the clock, lots of comfort food veg and non-veg dishes (\""meatloaf of the gods\"" enchiladas, chili, etc.).
If you look under there should now be a solr directory.
I have now converted one friend to using this as their main place and I'm working on another as well.
How does this validation script work?
I knew what I was looking for, otherwise I could have spent an hour browsing.
Also, this page shows some Java code that can be used to compare images for similarity based on features rather than pixels.
You can change to through jQuery after loading completes with: You can either put this at the end of the document before the or (better yet) before the .
apple does not allow to downgrade your iOS.
I am rating it 4 stars and not 5 for one thing, the focaccia.
Atmosphere Nice / Sports on every television with Volume Up Boooooo!\nBread Pudding by far the Bestest in the Burgh!
from this type of url:: I am downloading files from server but it may be of type .pdf or .docx or .doc is there any way to identify file type from url ?
You can get those by using a metaprogramming library like
I have super thick, curly hair and he makes cutting and styling it look effortless.
The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.
Below is a loop from the twenty thirteen theme:
Oh and the hot stone massage during pedis is FABULOUS.
At least, that's what I found after changing your just enough to get it to compile and run.
I navigated to target.xaml from main.xaml.
Cannellini beans tossed with tomato, basil, red onion, tomato, and olive oil are a delicious light start to your meal.
We were pleasantly surprised to find that the bartenders muddle their Old Fashioneds, but were disappointed by the inclusion of a huge chunk of orange.
First, you should use explicit syntax.
It seems you use Default Connection Factory.
I could immediately see how fast-paced they work to keep their customers flowing on a busy morning!\n\nEveryone in my group would agree that the best part of the meal was the lyonnaise potatoes.
\n\nI decided quickly: I wanted to have a dish of scramble \""something\"" (hahaha, I found this funny, I was wondering what \""something\"" meant.
I'm going to use Microsoft Azure.
The latest being the one with the latest time.
\n\nNight ended with a complimentary chocolate cake.
I have a jquery drop down that activates and deactivates when you click the header for the drop down but I want it to also close when I click anywhere on the page that isnt the drop down.
Not too loud but certainly not dead either.
XML DTD parent object same with child object For an example.
Say This is a bit heavy weight though is it requires a metadata change for a solution.
And I want to learn who disable this triger.
Huge props to Dexter's for their fish fry - it's definitely a top-10 offering.\n\nIn the end, they also made things good as the waiter comp'ed us our drinks and curds, so we got out of there for under $40.
From the Discussion in the apple docs for : Discussion The contents of this property are undefined except when is set to .
I have a tree structure that I need to display.
Why is the databinding engine unable to call the default implementation and display the class name.
Omnibox API | Open specific window on specific keyword I'm trying to create an omnibox shortcut, so when a user types or it will open either window 1, or window 2, but instead it opens both windows on "cp" or "cp {anything here}".
I would eat this every day, if I lived here, and I didn't have to worry about eating fried foods.
I decided, after much positive feedback from clients of mine(and a peek at my fellow yelpers reviews), to surprise my BF with dinner at Louisianne's for our third anniversary tonight.
I can see why this place was ranked #1 in Charlotte.
\nTip 5: A 23oz \""Iron\"" is only like $4.
If necessary, you could also (though it might be a bit evil) listen for explicit changes to Thickness properties (that you didn't initiate) and force it back to the value specified by your AugmentedThickness.
A young couple sat quietly at the bar, another guy in the corner chatted up the bartender, and I grabbed a seat a little further down the bar.
The light and very tasty crepes are served with a small salad topped with mandarin oranges and a champagne vinaigrette.
Not sure if this will make a difference, but as your program becomes more complex, you might run into trouble not doing it this way.
The lambda's body has an implied return type of the value resulting from the last call (the call to ).
reserved word, then the shell shall immediately exit.
It can be referenced as (if you have more than one pair of and , then you can also use , , ...).
\n\nThey get desserts from a local bakery.
Plan A was to find a mid-level chain and bring take-out back to our room, but then I spotted Waldhorn's on the list.
If these are rejected in GWT, then snippets will never appear.
\n\nPerhaps my favorite dish at The Original Pancake House is their chocolate chip pancakes.
The reason for this is that I have a Colour Picker that alters the value of a textbox, when they click Update I want this value to be the updated value.
Execution continues on with the statement immediately following your call.
They do have a free shuttle!
Finally after making our way through all of the other courses, our entrees came out.
SO that is why I am asking here for help.
I want to open a div like a pop-up over the map when a marker is clicked.
Each website has it's own WebsiteKernel.php (= a normal AppKernel).
You should check the reference page .
The smoothie I got here was awesome, and (gasp) made with real fruit!!
The pasta was fresh and al dente; the garnishes were tasteful and classic; the sauces were remarkable.
How can I get the transition on the open to be as smooth as it demonstrates on the closing?
I have used tuples as of course they are immutable which is ideal for record keeping.
I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.
I deal with the manager and the ladies in customer service area on a weekly basis and all have gone out of there way to help me out .
It had more difficult grips, spaced in a more challenging way, after some effort I made it to the top of this wall, as well.
Mom said this place was pleasant because of the calm crowd.
Server code Client code I hope this helps.
To clean out subdirectories, a recursive function is the best way, which is why in the first code sample the function calls itself.
The manicure was nothing to write home about...because it was just a polish change-which I do basically every other day anyways.
In other words, the code should work, you just need to change the declaration of the parameter
There are also several businesses and a large mall nearby.
How to read through collection in chunks by 1000?
Even if you don't have headphones, they have disposable headphones there that you can use for free!
Order the white pizza on our visit this weekend...
I really cannot say enough good things about her.
The biscuits which I love the most is the best!
Port 80 is NOT used by Skype, IIS or whatever else - I've checked it by various methods.
Body Works Plus is the genuine real deal!
The neighborhood doesn't feel terribly unsafe, but I hear tales about Camp Greene (2 blocks over).
How did I not realize that the Harris is cash only?
Some times Jane and Michael Stern are on point and other times the story of the place beats the food.
My daughter (6) had much fun.
\n\nThe sandwiches here are run of the mill deli sandwiches but extremely reasonably priced.
The sandwiches are giant, the atmosphere is good.
(the eternal question) I'm currently sticking to 80 columns (and it's a pain!) 80 columns is most popular 2.- What quotes to use?
It was light and refreshing and a perfect compliment to our appetizers.
Structures: Linked List: Merge Sort: Test Class for Strings: Now you just need to create a class which receives a string as an argument, splits it with String.split() and adds the resulting words into the internal LinkedList datastructure.
I think we watched him take reservations, run water, bus tables, greet guests, seat guests, basically anything to help offer excellent customer service.
The service was excellent as well.
modal appear behind fixed navbar so i have bootstrap based site with fixed navigation bar (that follow you around the page at the top) and when i want to show modal popup, it appear behind those navigation bar, how to fix?
(Brock is a husky mix, so he's a ball full of energy.
Same as @hsz answer but with one difference..
and you don't need it in the first place - you just use , so it's instead of .
Just remember that if you use UDP, you don't get any of the things TCP adds.
\nThe line looks so long but as others have said it's fast moving!
But it is cut into yummy 8 slices and is done quickly without smushing down the circular form.
90 minutes after that, however, I no longer regretted eating the fried zucchini.
There are a number of swimming instruction services in the Charlotte area and having used others we prefer the Charlotte Swim Academy.\n\nClasses are one-on-one with children from 18 months on up learning to swim, dive, float and overall learn how to be safe and survive in water.
But when I do it in cpanel phpmyadmin it gives error.
I don't even like cake, but, the best dessert I have ever had is the Burnt Almond Torte from Prantl's!
Lebanon.\n\nMore importantly, he was really patient and sweet, showed me some things about my guitar that were useful for me to know, and best of all did a fantastic job setting up my instrument!
I found it very useful but issues started happening.
Several superficially plausible theories turn out to be wrong on investigation: So that the object doesn't have to implement mutation methods?
[6] If the size argument is present and non-negative, it is a maximum byte count (including the trailing newline) and an incomplete line may be returned.
OnStart (Role) is in another process than your web page (pages, Global.asax ..).
Pretty much my entire life I'd never done anything with my hair except trim it (cut-wise, I dyed it for a long time), but I decided it was time for a change.
Display as columns - this is a simple way.
I create the CLASSPATH to the system variables, and wrote the path to the liblinear.jar file which happens to be C:\Program Files (x86)\Weka-3-6\LibLINEAR.jar So now, I'm not sure what the problem is.
How do i make user enter only email or recipient?
I generally order the large Greek salad with Gyro meat $6.95.
I haven't even tried my food yet, Mrs Preacher is so nice and sweet the food could be terrible (not likely) and I'd still go back just to order a shake and see her smile.
Where in Flex you can write all these properties/options by simply copying pasting, and tweaking the raw code.
I was in town visiting family and someone suggested IG.
It is a lot of walking and sunshine...so really, regardless of the heat, you should slather on the sunscreen and stay hydrated!
\n\nI will NEVER go anywhere else.
My favorites are the steak salad with their awesome homemade ranch dressing, chili, gourmet chicken sandwich, and tier homefries and potato salad are the best sides they offer!
This image I want to animate from touch position to right-top corner.
The staff members were very nice and all of them greeted me cheerfully.\n\nI ended up shopping online and found a couple items that I am quite pleased with.
I don't think using a macro to do something like this is a good idea unless you are very sure you know what you are doing AND you need to run it multiple times with different scenarios.
I made sure to let Laura know that this really exceeded our expectations.
Loading the following image from a file path: - or - Running the following code against it: Results in an image with the transparency stripped out and black used in place: The same happens with RotateRight(), RotateLeft() and FlipHorizantal() However if I don't call the .Resize() method: The image is returned without an issue.
Here is the log : cat=> UPDATE categories SET epekcategoryid='27af8b1e-c0c9-4084-8304-256b2ae0c8b2' and epekparentcategoryid='root' WHERE categoryId='281' and siteid='0' and categoryparentid='-1'; ERROR: invalid input syntax for type boolean: "27af8b1e-c0c9-4084-8304-256b2ae0c8b2" LINE 1: UPDATE categories SET epekcategoryid='27af8b1e-c0c9-4084-830...
Examples of related models included: Edit: The following SQL does the trick but I still can't figure out how to do it in django:
Your empty view needs to be set to and be at the same level as your in your activity/fragment layout file.
This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.
Is is , however, possible to have Sonar use the current Checkstyle suppression filter from the repository.
Actually, that's what George's link is about.
It's usually a good idea to check if Twisted has support for various operations, since it can be combined with Tornado using .
They have friendly bartenders and great prices.
Terrific for those who prefer imported beer from all over.
\n\nI let my boyfriend chose our meal and as previous reviews have mentioned the portion sizes here are huge!
The bread with the rosemary dipping oil was quite good.
I have a base class for content items in a CMS I'm building.
With SQL-related questions, it's almost always a good idea to post some sample data and the output you'd like to obtain from that data, along with your actual SQL code trying to produce that output.
Once you have Chinese food here you will select this as your top Chinese restaurant.
I ordered the chicken sans cheese and fries, of course.
Over twenty years later and I still get compliments from complete strangers on my look.
Am I missing something or are parameters not allowed here or ...
You may create a trigger like this: on updating dbo.Parts table update dbo.part_numbers table and vice versa.
For the moment I am spitting on and finding the numbers before the first 4 's.
I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours.
I am not sure how to change state array into a character array.
An easier approach would be to do something like this: Hello, I'm a Panda.
Other than that, the food was great as always, I ate it so fast I don't remember what it taste like.
From Javascript: The Definitive Guide, What does { x: 1} do here?
Any suggestions or pointers in the right direction would be appreciated.
The function works but this message is confusing for the user as I want the name of the file displayed instead of 'no file selected'.
You're in the Strip District anyway.\n2.
Take the drive and fill up on booze (and gas while you are down here!).
jQuery: Is there a way to grab a HTML element's external CSS and append to its "Style" attribute?
at scale, hence the utter ignorance expressed above.
I think my favorite dish here thus far has been the Peruvian corn.
Our fridge was getting mighty low on mozzarella, provolone, and Italian lunch meats (the salami was on special, BTW!).
What a great place for brunch, not to mention filling!\n\nI've only been there once, but had to try it because I kept getting so many recommendations.
C'mon, you don't expect to see oddly dressed mofos at an art opening, guy?
The second URL attempts to show location in the title, showing Location Unknown instead.
The toppings are plentiful, the cheese is ridiculous and the crust is super crispy.
I have code sitting around for launching Studio integrations this way and EIB launch seems to be similar.
They've got some slot machines and pool tables now which also make for a good time and there's a dressed model of the Chief up front which is a welcome sight for any Illini.
And I want to get this result: How can I can get it?
One of the things that does is takes a symbol and returns a true if the object can receive a method, a false if it doesn't.
For review #100, a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.\n\nCasbah does brunch, lunch and dinner, but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best.
This is very important to me since I have a one year old and a two year old.
Something like this: (deploy here) (develop here) (Archive here) Hope this helps.
All text in PDF has such a text render mode and it determines whether the text is rendered as filled text (normal), stroked text, filled and stroked...
Great food great wine I would recommend we had kids went early everything was splendid
And their etouffe labelled \""too hot to eat\"" actually lives up to its name while still retaining seriously good flavor is another rare find indeed.
I like the fact that there are rocking chairs in all the terminals for use by weary passengers.
Maybe the best home cookin' I've eaten, and that covers a lot!
Hanger Steak left a little to be desired though, but overall good choice.
Tons of vegetarian and gluten free options if you're into that sort of thing.
\n\nI'd definitely come back here, and check out a game in the seats, plus they're serving Olde Mecklenburg on the 100 and 500 levels, so you can pay $1 more for a great, Charlotte made craft beer!
\n\nAll in all, I think Soba is Pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink.
Almost any IDE these days has an Auto-complete feature.
If not, is there a recommended strategy for a workaround?
\n\nThis wouldnt be my first choice airport to connect to, but the power supplies are abundant, and the food choices are endless.
The next course was pasta with vodka sauce.
Once they tried Umi they understood what I meant and how better their sushi was.
Create checkbox list from related divs I need to create number of checkbox based on the number of array values returned from jQuery.
InnerPeaks is a great place, check it out, its also the only indoor climbing facility in Charlotte.
How do I test my rails app quickly with web-rat (using capybara) , and then, do one final integration test with selenium?
Came in for a private party and had a blast!
There is room for improvement, but i hope it helps someone.
There are three types of meat rolled into this meatloaf.
(This sounds counterintuitive considering you don't want to do a beta test after releasing to the store but in a scenario where you may want to do a closed release of an update for testing while a live version is up on the store)
We caught the IMAX movie about aviation, which is, if you can get beyond the fact that it's sort of a documercial for the Boeing 787, totally worth seeing...
The mixed drinks are strong, but a little pricey.
like in Well the default are FETCH BOTH, I am wondering if FETCH ASSOC is faster when I'm going to fetch a lot of data; or they are the same?
Sorry, but no the Win32 API doesn't have such a thing.
This place serves excellent Low Country/Country Cooking dishes at reasonable prices - at least the prices are reasonable at lunch, $7 - $9 for a entree which comes with 2 sides and corn bread.\n\nThe Fried Chicken is excellent, The Ribs are as well, and I love the Salmon Cakes.
elasticsearch bool filter should clause performance first query: In relational SQL, the first query equals to SQL: Second query: In relational SQL, the second query equals to SQL: The difference is, the first query only considers , while the second one also check .
The documentation says: " Note that this will not delete the element (or ElementTree root element) that you passed even if it matches.
Obviously, Barbara instantly saw the inherent awesomeness of Gus.\n\nStep 2: learn to let go.
I have limited programming ability so any help would be greatly appreciated
The grid may even be pre-populated with useful information like proximity to static obstacles.
Tried to click Copy from the menu on the debug window, it will give you useless debug error message.
If I set process_avatar_upload = true, the next line fails If i run the same command again i get Finally, if I run a third time, it seems to work.
This allows sending commits when none of the transports available for push or fetch will work.
Since this place is a SPORTS BAR, however, and judging it on its' own merits, I'll give Picasso's 4 stars!
Apparently all of Middleton comes out on Friday night after work to relax and have a good time.
The reviews are glowing and well-deserved!
Getting json data from imgur.com I was trying to get json data from imgur.com To get it one has to hit this link : Where Username and pagecount may change.
\n\nThe spanakopita was a bit soggy but otherwise the meal was above satisfactory.
I would love to go back in the summer and sit outside at one of the tables.
When we parked our car and walked down Green St., there were a whole bunch of NEW restaurants compared to when I went to college years ago.
Well, I didn't, He however told me what I needed and took me in the shop and showed me every aspect of my car and his suggestions.
I've tried debugging into the install.py but the code throwing the error is in C.
Now it is one of my favorites in Charlotte.
Went to this place on a Groupon and fell in love.
Update: This is exactly why you can't declare your friend function the way you show above.
The cancel button tries to it and then the re-opens it..
For the side dish I got the boiled redskin potatoes, which unfortunately are literally nothing more than boiled redskin potatoes -- no salt, pepper, butter, or seasoning of any sort.
For simple natural glowing skin though - La Pomponee is the way to go.\n\nTrust.
Here's example input: From that I would like to extract only "Bob Smith".
Show the user the first page and then let them draw on it, with the drawing commands being sent to the new file's context.
App is getting crash when i integrated and login through Gigya in social media Terminating app due to uncaught exception 'com.gigya.GigyaSDK:InvalidOperationException', reason: 'Already logged in, log out before attempting to login again' * First throw call stack: Even I used [Gigya logout] prior to login statement in ios SDK, This issue happens when i try to login with facebook and Google plus
The manufacturer's header file is also available (visa.h).
The lemon cake was moist and tasty.
\n\nI would definitely return to the Improv.
hpaulj - 7.5 seconds, 130MB of RAM .
It's not the best atmosphere, but the food is delicious..
As will the 6 other bike fanatics who are in the shop working on their own bikes.
It did take a couple days longer than they said, which is really the only negative thing I can say about Mike's, but considering I didn't have to pay for the rental car, it wasn't a huge deal.
Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC.
The following code fixed my problem
But you should strip them from the executable to keep the binary size as low as possible (saves 30-50%).
SharePoint > Custom Page-Library & PageLayout I have a custom page-library which a custom content-type and a page-layout all inside a site-definition.
The service was very helpful and really friendly as well.
I got to sample all the cheese spreads, and settled on the sharp cheddar.
What I have to do is delete the emails of the members from the second list.
The Gnocchi was amazing along with our soups!!
For example, the method would open up the terminal shell for a Linux OS and open the command line for Windows.
So this is awkward b/c I'm worrying and trying to avoid a thing that I've never seen.
Let me guess that you want Mexicans with more than 3 children, Americans with 2, and Japanese with 1.
Combine this with the drink specials and you have a winning combination.\n\nThe bar area is cozy and separated from the main dining area in it's own room.
There is no congestion or any other network issue.
Cajun Queen is pretty much always good.
When I send serialised XML in to the stream, I'm also receiving this error from the server side: Unable to read data from the transport connection: An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host.
The menu offers such a wide selection of options, it may be hard to make up your mind at first.
I always order the jersey cheese steak with oil and vinegar, lettuce, tomato, mayo and steak sauce and it is awesome.
In my case it was because of a missing dependency.
They had live music that fit the scene, made the atmosphere, and stayed background enough to have a conversation - check it out Tuesdays through Saturdays.\n\nOrder the pecan catfish with the crawfish BBQ on top, aka \""Maria's special\"".
Is there any difference between writing this or this?
I need to get the distance between that element and its scrollable parent, as shown in the picture above, but both and give me the wrong values.
If the file has been staged (it looks like yours was), a snapshot will exist is Git's database.
The code bloat they are talking about in the article (as it is about the out of memory issue in the IDE) is related to the generated DCUs and all the meta information that is held in the IDE.
The menu changes regularly, and there is always a vegetarian option.
Looks like you need conversion from JSON to hash.
A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
You should only make sure that you really understand the lifecycle of tag handlers like JSTL in JSF.
Therefore large values should be used with care.
cool social events and openings for a cross-generational and cross-cultural crowd.
here is a snapshot of my code and any suggestion is highly appreciated:
I want validation to fail only if both and are equal .
However, it was all meals with meat in it.
Please suggest if anyone have tried it or there is any other way to achieve the same using Fire base.
Fresh berries accompanied this perfect dessert.
you've mixed quoting this should be better
I thought I'd provide an updated review!\n\nThe place is still awesome.
Since wget had no info about how to get through the proxy the access failed.
However, if it is running inside a container, then it would not be the physical ip address outside world sees the host.
Any idea about what is missing or the problem on this PHP version to work with SOAP 1.2 in that server?
they also make cherry lemon sundrop which my boyfriend is very greatful for ...
Perfect blend of authentic Mexican flavors and textures with a bit of a Hawaiian twist.
We finished with the chocolate cake, which is amazing.
I think that's what you looking for
You will also not want to pass in 0 to reader.mark().
I've started attending a defensive pistol shooting club and one of my friends has lent me a gun to use, but I need some of the accessories to go with it.
Generally, I would recommend not amending your migrations but creating new ones to change column names etc.
Check out fiddle for this particular problem.
If your job queue is correctly configured, the difference may be trivial; otherwise you'll run into performance issues .
This code will set to 4:3 ratio For 16:9 ratio use An edit after re-read What if I suggest using a div inside a div?
I'm not sure where the datamining would come in, and you will spend (waste?) time on the robotics/electronics side of things, which you don't list as one of your passions.
meaning, whatever you had on the menu last time will probably still be on the menu.
During the final walk-through, I even commented, \"" Boy, you guys think of everything.\"" Doug brought a degree of pleasure back to the car-buying experience.
Update and remove GridView items at runtime i am developing a project where i compare the images of two items,So if two items will have same image after clicking these items should be hide.
Which brings us to easier options.
Another simple approach is to redraw the visuals that are affected.
I don't even know what could be possible solutions because my understanding of databinding and datagrids is so limited.
i tried this doesn't works it rotate the element in same direction as we are using: i am searching for an answer for half-hour .
Ooo, a good question :) As far as I know, Mark and Sweep is only used for reference counting event listeners since they're the only ones that can have 'weak listeners'.
I used them for few days, I would like to copy them to another mobile along with data using sdcard.
You should handle this in the global.asax (HttpApplication class file) - specifically like so: c# VB
Generally, you should only be using macros when there is no sensible alternative.
What does class Regarding: I came up with following image in my head: Since everything is an object in Ruby, classes themselves are objects of class .
You can have each tab be a real view controller with nib and everything.
I was impressed by the size and organization of this airport.
The accompanying sauces are not overbearing in the least, they merely enhance the flavor of the fish.
Don't pass the sides up!\n\nDessert: Also love their desserts.
But if i search for 1000, then it means it does not exist.
Now I pass these names and I would like to call them back from the component.
The scrollbar can be behind something.
Again, though, the portion was pretty small, but with all things added up, we were full by the end of our meal.
Quality is way above average and they honor their reservations.
I tried at least ten different method but still couldn't figure out.
If I add -u play to that commade I get a session with the play user instead in the same directory.
I did not test it but I think it works!let me know if not!
There was nothing wrong with my car I just needed the oil changed and I asked them to make sure I was \""good to go\"" for the winter season.
Can you define a path inside of a g:each like I have?
I love PF Chang's, but I hate waiting more.
Also, there is some runtime overhead for creating such a thread as it needs direct interaction with the underlying OS.
Note: screen fps is totally independent from the draw event , which happens at the end of each step.
worms.\n\nAnyway, the location of this place is another reason I'll continue to visit.
She took a lot of time to do the cut, carefully going over areas and the end result was exactly what I wanted.
Why default proguard configurations in android sdk use keep *Annotation* There is one line in the default proguard configuration of android sdk: According to Proguard Manual, this line equals to: In my opinion, maybe the configuration below is enough: Have I missing something?
Definitely a great choice for some good southern food that isn't too expensive.
Way too much for a side with a sandwich.
I still expect the ant hill to not have any ants but now it has two.
It makes a dish that has become boring in most other places truly exciting.
My only complaint, ironically, are their stones.
Nice light and open restaurant with two dining areas and a long sushi bar.
I have purchased 4 Lexus .
After extensive research,I ran across these folks.
Market has great prices on in-season produce.
mySQL group by 3 columns I have a query here that group by 3 columns and count the total rows Basically, this query is used for pagination.
It is not as busy as the bigger clinics, so I prefer to go there instead of where our docs are when we need labs done between visits.
Consider the following class and its typed property called : Now consider the following binding to a : There is nothing special about the xaml: As expected, the output of the listbox is 3 rows of "MyProject.DumbClass".
As a final experiment, I changed the WHILE function to use FOREACH: Results appeared to be similar to : Though my tests are not by any means rigorous, I did run each version a number of times and found the numbers to be representative, suggesting that the SQL method (array_agg/unnest) is the fastest.
For instance, the command behaves differently depending on when ends with a slash or not.
He has such a bold personality and really makes the whole atmosphere more homey and authentic feeling.
Best Thai food in town, for sure.
The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
EDIT: A URL of a google profile picture that has been set is this:
These are served cold with a yogurt dipping sauce.
Struct initialisation through macro overuse I've got some structs to initialise, which would be tedious to do manually.
I would return and I would recommend.
Here's the lazy version that shows: And here's the pre-created version that doesn't show: What am I missing?
Here is the code to my program:
PHP Notice : Undefined property: in ...
Embed HTML inside JSON request body in ServiceStack I've been working with ServiceStack for a while now and recently a new need came up that requires receiving of some html templates inside a JSON request body.
We this for over at Create your addon with in : Ember-cli docs: and
You should try to add before your echo in your php file
When i run the above code i am getting below error.
Try Event Delegation : The bubbling behavior of events allows us to do "event delegation" — binding handlers to high-level elements, and then detecting which low-level element initiated the event.
The tart was more honey creme fraiche with some apple bits on top; it was tasty but I would have liked more apple.\n\nI enjoyed the atmosphere on a Sunday night, and our server was pleasant but didn't hover.
Great venue for a wedding - I attended a couple of weddings here and the chapel is very quaint.
The pasta was cooked perfectly, a sign of a stellar chef.
Now owned by Cedar Fair, they have added their quality touches to the place, bringing it inline with other regional and national theme parks.\n\nAs others have said, yes the parking is expensive.
The sides and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though.
(A static method is a method that is associated with the class in which it is defined rather than with any object.
Lots of tables, but very busy.
if it does then create a folder called in 2c.
Performance GET or POST depends on how it is implemented on server side.
Step 4: Select the example you want Actually since you wanted to make a client and a server you will want to look at two separate examples called blocking fortune client and fortune server .
Create table statement: Sample Data: What can I do to update the columns given my conditions?
Sounds weird, but that is common in Persian restaurants.\n\nEggplant dip is very good and is a must in any Persian restaurant.
9,999,999,999 is more then max value (that is 2,147,483,647.
As for the rules definitions, I think you will have to maintain them in Sonar, and when anything is changed, also change the copy in the repository which is used by eclipse-cs.
My money is there is something wrong with the web app deployment on the server and not the DLL itself.
i'm going to just start throwing out some words and stop me when you get the point.
Also the workers there are surprisingly friendly.
(Adding and) Removing list items with JavaScript / jQuery I am almost a noob at JavaScript and jQuery, (so I apologize if I didn't recognize a suiting answer to my question, in similar posts).
Although this only applies to the second version of your question, not the first!
Today it was $6.00 for all day parking; I have never seen it above $10.00.
The fries are topped with crispy herbs...
Try the following: Then will point to the head of the list and you can traverse using the link over the list.
Not very elegant solution too, but also works and do not require recreating array.
This could be a meal unto itself, yet it's just their most popular starter.
In C# , How can i create a System.Drawing.Color object using a value like this #FFFFF,#FGFG01 etc...
Used to live two blocks away and now I miss having it so close!
\n\nThe prices are pretty good and I always leave spending 10 dollars less than I thought I'd spend.
Our server was from Honduras, and wasn't familiar with German food, but he was honest about the sauerbraten being dry (true) and he was jovial and sincere.
Please help me out with this.
Even more strange, it worked in the simulator but not on the device.
Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle, the size of the entire plate, stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.
I would be happy if i could get some help.
The response was above and beyond what I could have expected.
Employ common sense, and you'll have a blast!\n\nTHAT BEING SAID...
It seems as if they cook there pizza and then top it with the toppings....?
(Seriously, we eat WAYYYY too much at our office - they need to install treadmills & elipitical machines in a breakroom or conference room!)\n\nSince I didn't plan the event, I can't say how easy they were to deal with, but I asked the person in charge of planning and she said they were great.
We went to the Mcninch House last Wednesday for yet another work dinner (no complaints here)!!
PostEntity doesn't have a reference to Semester, and I do not want to add one, because I plan to use this PostEntity for other things than Semester.
\nThe wine menu was good - and the server helped us pick out a few based on our tastes.
The environment is very intimate, very special.
How to set all pages of a subdomain to redirect to a single page?
C++, Can't find loaded C# DLL while enumerating loaded modules thank you for taking the time to read this.
Since you're deleting, rather than replacing, characters, you'll have to iterate through the string, checking to see whether each one "is in" the set of those to be deleted.
Was close to the motel we stayed in while waiting for our next morning flight out of CLT.
The only downside is the lack of parking.
The search pattern looks for lines that match (very exactly) followed by N or M and one or more digits, a space, and a digit 0 or 1 and end of line.
Do some research online, look at photos, and make a list of the things you're looking for.
Is IPython notebook only evaluating the last statement when I don't use statements?
\n\nTo start, they bring you the traditional chips and salsa.
The staff is very helpful, and you can call ahead and see if they have the book you are looking for.
The problem actually was with the Modernizr script: apparently sometime between now and when I first started using it, the Modernizr folks made the getusermedia portions of their code non-core, and thus was not included in their standard download.
For the price, I have had better meals and better service at other restaurants around the city.
But I want to show the string value of the latest level in hierarchy.
When auth failed I return WebApplicationException like: but it returns startus 500 instead 401.
I'm running the web service on an Axis2 server.
(I tried with threads, but the code is much more complex).
Brats, burgers, chicken sandwiches, even cheese curds!
flash website content box hiding the menu My website is: When I move the cursor on the flash box the menu is disappearing.
I created some models with Cinema4d and export them as an .obj wavefront file.
Free coffee, coffee, & wifi if you want to wait.
The capabilities of Fortran 77 and earlier need to be considered in the context of the capabilities of the platforms of the time.
Get maximum and minimum values of latitude and longitude.
The food is always hot,fresh,well prepared,and served quickly and politely.
Storing an object of a class then calling a function in that object I have a class like this (scaled down) I have another class that composes that class like this.
But hands down my favorite thing about going here are the employees.
You haven't actually written anything like an 'simple HTTP server yet.
Good was excellent, especially since I thought it would be a mediocre \""hotel lunch\"" at best.
Declaring the variable outside the loop and within main gives access to the variable anywhere inside the main method.
MsSql server 2008 r2 Data Syncronization I'm working on a project in C#.NET (WPF) with 2 SQL Server 2008 R2 databases.
You may employ Rpad(), Lpad() for this, which would be more advanced I guess:
While Python is not my forte, I consider myself a highly skilled programmer (C++ and JavaScript are my strongest languages) in the context scientific/engineering applications, so I may not hitting the correct Python-specific keywords in my searches.
It almost looked like a tie dyed effect.
D's is one of our favorite places in Pittsburgh.
Is the the preferred way to write angular applications?
It's the fine-dining of grocery shopping.
The bar has a good 15-20 taps and a huge liquor selection.\n\nI ordered the buffalo wings -- hot -- and I really liked them.
Everyone has been incredibly nice, and helpful.
i wanted to mark a part of the as readonly.
The correct answer is: South Carolina.
I will be back the next time I am in the 'burgh for a game.
I think that your initial idea is pretty good and can be made to work with not too much code.
\n\nIt does seem a little expensive, but worth it, because its done correctly.
My strategy was as follows: First, use a deterministic selection algorithm of O(N) time to find the Max of and Max of , if they don't have the same Max , we can automatically declare that they are not identical, otherwise, move to step 2.
Where you had: Instead place the following: This should allow you to run any processing you want within your main function, including starting a second job if you want.
A hibachi chef (admittedly of varying talents) arrives with a cart of food, and he confirms your orders.\n\nMost of the hibachi chefs are pretty good.
My Groupon provided me with a cut, conditioning treatment, color, and mini manicure (aka polish change) for $50.
They never cause the client to send an ACK.
The problem comes when after publishing, the max-length of articles cut the content, but I can't find the config where I can change it.
It was quiet, low key, and comfortable.
not doing so caused me no end of issues trying to get com wrapped .net dlls to work properly
Because I'm not too picky, I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season.
Drinks and appetizers can tack on a lot.
JVM benchmarking application We want to compare general performance (CPU, I/O, network, ...) of different JVMs for the same Java version (1.5) in different environments (Windows, Solaris, ...).
A primary key in database design should be seen as a unique identifier of the info being represented.
I feel like Pizza Parma is a prime example of \""don't judge a book by its cover.\"" When you walk by Pizza Parma while downtown, it's pretty easy to write it off, especially when there's so many fine dining options in the area now.
Because you work with statically allocated arrays you probably stumbled upon writing after the end of the array.
However, when the Value is blank ( ) my code is throwing the error I am trying to figure out the best way to solve this issue.
The prices are very reasonable, and the wait staff was friendly and approachable.
The JSON object I get contains NSDictionary Objects within the object, like this: If I want to change values in this dictionary, I can't because the returned objects from TouchJSON are not mutable.
How many restaurants around now can say the same thing??
\n\nI usually always order the gyro (\""yee-roh\"") pita sandwich.
We ordered a couple a Cappuccino's.
And with JNDI its similar to direct jdbc where we refer the jdbc setting via a name, so that we can specify the connection url and other setting in the application server and not bound to the application right?
Another delight, the onion was sliced into rings.
Have yet to find a place like it (especially in Arizona)
The canvas is scrollable and the user can add or delete components in that.
They remembered my name after my first trip.
The Mex-Asian dishes all sound awesome.
I'm also willing to consider server side solutions if necessary (LAMP environment).
daughters mac n' cheese was a bit blander than expected but not a bad thing considering it was for a child at the end of the day.\n\nservice was good, but our server seemed to have to go on break or something for about 1/2 hour 2/3 of the way through our meal which was unexpected.
The name is php-cli.ini I added there the following two lines and everything was ok:
Spicy Tuna was delicious, there was no spicy mayo, but it didn't even need it.
If you've changed the files owner class after connecting some outlets, for example, this could confuse it.
I scouted a few locations, with a few places never getting back to me.
They know what the hell they are doing.
Drinks are reasonable priced and if you request certain types of liquor they will provide them for you.
So it should really consist of "data transport" (not access) and "data manipulation"..
This is a gret place to go if you like Martini's!
The legs (tentacles?) were lined with grill marks and the meat had a salty, savory taste.
are handled and that the string may span multiple lines.
We ate here on a friday and the place was packed but we got sat right away and our food came out fast.
In both locations I've encountered very nice sales staff.\n\nYou cannot go wrong with buying me something at this store!
It contains a set of tutorials and data sets for experimentation.
The naan is really great too.
The problem may be here: /** MySQL hostname */ define('DB_HOST', 'www.abc.com'); //before 'localhost' Databases are almost always hosted at 'localhost' not at you domain.
It's right next door to Za's, where I've going a bit too often, so I'm glad I finally gave it a try.
The Packers highlights gave way to NASCAR on the TV, but I was on my way, 150 miles from Chicago once again.\n\nWhile I went for the fish, Rodeside also has some good burgers, from what I saw around me at lunch that day.
As the owner of several older motorcycles, and pretty much being mechanically inclined, Suters has been invaluable to me.
\n\nThe security check-points aren't that bad, however they do tend to be understaffed on the weekdays.
And how can I get a absolute address of derived members?
You just need to create an GET/POST HTTP request.
Your new table should look like this:
On member 10% discount days it can get very busy, so go early or late.
But if we type localhost/app/controller/function in url or if we click back button in browser, the browser will load the page !!!
What I do in my coding is I pass all the values to a and loop through each rows and execute a stored procedure that inserts the particular row with the column values.
Still, it's nice to have and it is pretty decent overall albeit pricey.
marshal and unmarshal with CXF in my server when a client attempt to access to my webservice i get this error Caused by: javax.xml.bind.JAXBException: hibernate.SBaraque is not known to this context at com.sun.xml.bind.v2.runtime.JAXBContextImpl.getBeanInfo(JAXBContextImpl.java:619) at com.sun.xml.bind.v2.runtime.ElementBeanInfoImpl$1.serializeBody(ElementBeanInfoImpl.java:145) ...
Its crisp acidity goes perfectly with maki rolls and sushi.\n\nThe white tuna sashimi is a perfect starter.
There's also a Six Pence Pub, Clud 9 Martini Bar, Fratelli's Italian Restaurant, Fish Market, Liu Liu's for sushi and Asian food, Grapevine Wine Shop, and Cupcrazed - the area's best cupcake shop.
Generate file using lupdate and lrelease.
Every restaurant in the city that has a \""Vegetarian Option\"" on the menu needs to go here and try this dish.
At each terminal node (leaf) you are printing s for all parents; you should only do so for consecutive right-side parents.
I want that image popup in html when user click on tumbnil I want that when user click on image thumbnil then the image popup just like it does in this click here plesase tell me the simplest way to do this as i am new to web development.
My favorite thing to eat is the grilled chicken and goat cheese sandwich!
By default it is trying to access a logger named .
Water pressure in the shower was excellent.
Can you adb shell in and see what these settings are (when you're on wifi)?
I cleaned my plate along with a LITER of Spaten Oktoberfest (amber ale) that was heaven.
here are my banners: pls help me with this.
I usually despise going to auto shops, but this was really a great experience!
I've been to the Benedum plenty of times (all for musicals) and I've always had a good experience.
I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog.
Enjoy!\n\n(For Part VII, go to: Mac, as it's locally known boasts the best Italian grocery store outside of Italy.
It is rare for me to give an Italian restaurant a rave review, since I grew up eating Italian-American homemade meals.
They have local cops here to direct traffic!
After exporting my product (through headless build) I noticed that when launching my product I have a lot of errors in the error log view (not acceptable for customers even if all is working fine).
A little late reply here, but right now, in Texas, I've got my nephew digging a 60in X 16in X 4ft hole just outside my home office.
Add to that the great selection of beers and cocktails and you may need to move in.
A single slice is a little pricey for the size, so if you're going to go, get a whole pie.
It wasn't pizza I was smelling, or at least fresh pizza.
Drools Planner can handle such allocation sizes and much bigger too.
To checks SOAP response messages for valid content, using the open source version of SOAPUI: you can use XPath or XQuery expressions to validate the XML .
They had live music which was really good and the crowd was cool.
The best way to allocate records in Delphi is to use the New() function: The compiler will infer the allocation size from the type of the pointer (sizeof what the pointer type points to), allocate the memory, and initialize all the fields appropriately for you.
The best Chinese place in Charlotte.
I'm using everyauth to provide authentication because I want to support lots of different authentication methods.
Unpacking packed primitives (such as an enum) from NSArray or NSDictionary during fast enumeration You can put primitives in an NSArray or NSDictionary by packing them with the @() syntax.
Lunch, especially, is nice because you can eat for about $5 plus tax/tip.
FYI, I'm testing on an iPhone 3GS.
I will be back for sure!
Bombay Grille now goes towards the top.
EDIT Next to the button Browse, the label appears 'No file Selected'.
As a big Slim Harpo fan I was very impressed.
I went to Danny's on a recommendation from a friend whose opinion I highly value, especially when it comes to food.
She worked her magic on that dress so that if fit be like a glove...
Pretty easy to miss when driving.)
By the time we left, I was very full and satisfied.
It was beautiful and really made realize right then what kind of place this was.
What is this date format: 38793.20139 I have looked through all of the stackoverflow datetime format entries I could find.
\n\nNow, I need to give this next Yelp nugget its own paragraph.
It's a fun little place tucked away from all the hustle and bustle of your work day.
Now add right above the in any you have.
But I didn't see anything about 480px.
Generate Word (docx) Files with from Templates (dotx) on Server Application I'm currently working on a project where I have to transfer an existing VB program into a Server Application using ASP.NET.
If you happen to be a guru, I've been fighting with another issue .
Buuuut things have gone downhill a little at the Warehouse since then, so I suppose it's time to update my original statement.\n\nWhile the food here is still some of my favorite comfort food in the city (I certainly won't pretend it's genuine Italian), in the last couple of years things have really slowed down at the Warehouse.
The customer service rep was professional and friendly.
Everything at Chick Fil A is bomb from their waffles fries to spicy chicken sandwich and they offer healthier alternatives such as their salads, wraps, fruit cups, etc.
My friend was super upset with the scallops and thought they tasted bad.
Before I couldn't even hold a plank for 60 seconds.
You can extract this revision like this: The file will be the file signed by and without the bytes that were added when creating .
The sushi is fresh and the servers are friendly.
They pretty much give you a glass of jack and a splash of coke.
If you have a class set up as a data collection, this is easy.
I'm no fan of starch on my sandwich and I fully expect (and invite) the crush of Pittsburgh haters that will say that I am blaspheming.
We were celebrating 2 birthdays.\n\nWe LOVED the food, it was delicious.
This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe, outside of H&M.
I have searched without finding any info.
This the code I have used: client.php server.php
But today I decided to give them a shot, because I really didn't want to stop in anywhere for a big meal - I just wanted a cheap piece of pizza.\n\nThough the place does have a \""dive-y\"" feel to it, it did look very clean and had a welcoming atmosphere once I ventured on in.
Yes, Visual Studio will ask every project in the solution to build at that point.
Just don't think about the sticky surfaces and slimy-ish floors.
I tend not to order the pasta before going to games because it's too much to eat - the pizas, sandwiches, and salads are perfect.
I was able to walk around the downtown area with no problem.
Went here to get 4 tires and they were extremely quick!
But you can consider passing a closure to the instance.
The only flavoring was the grill - no sauce or spices - which at first came off as bland but soon became enjoyable as my normally over-salted palate adjusted to the simple delights of unadorned food.\n\nGF had a cheeseburger & boiled potatoes and she enjoyed it a lot.
Customized bootstrap doesn't have breakpoint for XS screen size I only wanted the CSS for the Grid layout and Responsive utilities, so I customized boostrap for my application here - Part of the default settings on that page define where common breakpoints are - When I downloaded my customized file, I noticed media queries for the breakpoints 768px, 992px, and 1200px.
Sure, the burgers are supposed to be out of this world.
I was showed how to use the equipment and it was loaded into my car.
In order to add to your existing file, you need to first read the file into your model, then add the additional data to your model, and then finally write the model back to it.
Thinking about this, I felt truly good getting him there because I felt as though I was saving him from some other destiny.
Note before key in , it is important.
These people are nice and remember my mother and I everytime.
Your main object would be named as "Rootobject" and you can change this to whatever name you want.
Please check that the name of ValidationGroup in your CustomValidator and the button is same or not.
This will make it much easier to test the logic and execution of your code.
Creamy chicken tikka masala (my fave, I'm a gringo, I know) with crispy, buttery naan, mmm.
How can I declare a global require in NodeJS?
There are a lot of things to like about the Flying Saucer.
The iAd network will soon be discontinued and new apps are no longer accepted.
Example: Apparently it is also possible to just omit any of the regex groups , , or to disable it.
I know there is a better way because much of the code is repeated...
Just had one of the June specials- ancho ribs.
But let's say I have multiple 'Actors'.
I have another point now or several and I want to see if they fall within the 35Km radius?
Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.
I don't think we finished it, but it was good.\n\nAll in all, a very pleasant experience.
I have also Dashboard and Product pages that are using commonTemplate.
Your PNG is very likely 32-bit color.
All the International flights are in one terminal - -D.
As I suggested above, if it suits your game, begin the transition when you spawn the object; not every gameloop.
He was the consummate salesperson, working out the details of the deal, getting the car ready, etc.
Huddled under an umbrella, his arm around you to warm you from the sudden chill, you scamper down the few steps and duck into the warmth of Girasole.\n\nYou're immediately greeted like family; with a glow in the background as if a huge fire were burning.
Been back several times and it's still our favorite Thai in Pittsburgh.
I recently took advantage of a Groupon deal that was made available for Dean of Shadyside, and let me tell you-I am hooked!
Why Ajax renders 2 views in rails 3.1 app When entering log in our rails 3.1 app, ajax is used to render the input screen below.
As mentionned, this solution wont be a perfect fit since it will need you to at least save the file to a temporary location.
Neat to see so many tropical plants, all labeled.
It is large and spacious without being overwhelming.
Update: Its because, I dont want to use in my template.
Competitive pricing is what it's all about.
I'm a big fan of the Mint Museum of Craft + Design.
The staff is always friendly and fast which sets the place apart from several other area restaurants of the genre.
But when I call this with TestInitClass::TestClassObj.getM() it returns me 0.
Perl backticks not capturing output I have the following program snippet Bug: @nfdump_output is empty.
Friendly staff, good service and excellet food
Is it okay to remove the wrapped, or will that expose me to possible additional exceptions?
In it, call addEventSource to add it to the calendar as an actual event.
Nicely deep fried with crisp shell.
In my Redis instance that I just installed out of the box and with an uncompressed plain text file with this data, I can get about a million records into it a minute.
Quite a selection of channels on the \""idiot-box\"" and free internet in all of the rooms.\n\nThe breakfast buffet in the morning was one of the best I have seen in these small travel motels.
After running the command with this option javadoc was able to successfully generate documentation for the BYUEDIFTools
The beauty of living directly next to Twisters is that well I have an unlimited supply of frozen goodies right in my backyard literally.\n\nI only get the chocolate vanilla swirl for myself and a small scoop of sugar free vanilla ice cream for the puppy.\n\nThe ladies that work there during the summer are always super nice.\n\nNothing to ever complain about here.
Which way should I approach this problem?
Prices are affordable, though you may need to go elsewhere for the perfect coffee to pair with your dessert :D.
Maybe then I'll be cool enough for the pub.\n\ndmo out
So you can look at it as the user partition excluding the root partition.
Delicious and unique seafood offerings, I had not been back in a number of years (for no particular reason), but I was quite pleased and will return again sooner!
$7 shirts for $3.50 and tunics for $4.
Try this, if only to be cool xD
These identifiers are only used internally to the application, so it is acceptable to use ES2015 here.
Oh yeah, the buffet is really good too.
This will generated the proper path irrespective of your current page/view.
But nothing is displayed when I run that code (just the black window).
There is as little as possible else running on the system, and the application only uses about 5% of the available Quad-core processor (with hyperthreading, so 8 effective processors).
It WOULD help if you have SOME knife skills and know a LITTLE of how to cook.
We started with the BBQ beef ribs and when my husband put a piece in his mouth, he made a sound that startled me!
Kenna is always so excited to greet my pups and I love hearing about hers.
Thinking of a with 1000 data members, and the cost to copy that gigantic data to a function.
Live a little.\n\nSo why oh why does it only get 4 stars?
If you don't know what the assistant editor is I have highlighted it in red: Xcode 7.2
Made my trip to Pittsburgh a breeze.
We left with various art creations that the kids made that were really cool.
The Phillips Place shops never appear busy, as Phillips Place is more of an eating and movie-going area than anything else.
Programmatically check for a change in a class in C# Is there a way to check for the size of a class in C#?
How effective is the minified version of the JavaScript file?
Next, we enjoyed the lobster maki with pistachios and mango - it was delicious and fresh, presented very simply.
(This is the method of anything that inherits from .) In addition to the system, the colors of a collection can be set independently.
This will execute your code as soon as possible (before the document is loaded, but after the response is started).
I was in Charlotte visiting family over Spring Break when my engine started misfiring.
This place has the best breakfast anywhere!
The restaurant had neat character,it was a bit loud but it is small, so that's expected.
You can eat the fantastic food while plane watch for your pleasure.
Ideally, you would use the structure of the page to more clearly target the appropriate cells.
My one note would be the portions are too big!!
I want to learn Java only.
The first error is strictly a client-side javascript error.
screen shot of response Maybe I'm just going about this all wrong.
This is my code: This is view: are included in bootstrap css.
I recommend the KieWan if you like Thai dishes.
Edit : as for the value returned by , which is of type
I would come here much more frequently if it weren't for the smoke.
If you want to use it on a , then fetch its file descriptor with , but be sure to manually lock and flush the stream before attempting a .
Psen's comment below is more correct, and references the FAQ.
I managed to skip to the line I want.
As for the bonus question, you could simply do an inner join instead of an outer join, which would mean only categories with at least one row in would be returned.
c# winforms I have this little application, and what it does is a user can add many deductions to a certain employee and save the record.
How it's done is that the bmp is show in a ListView which contain 8 filters.
\n\nDoes the free breakfast feature Lobster Benedict?
All this for just over $10.
The generic type is already defined at class level.
and whatever starbucks crap I usually drink.
Besides used goods - there are few new \""recycled\"" items including plastic corrugated roof panels and paints for super low prices.\n\nAlso, if you're remodeling your house and need to throw those old materials - they have a number of recycle bin where you can simply drop it off.
I overheard other specials being ordered at double that price.
And I can depend pretty much on my bill to go up during the months of December - February & again from June - August.\n\nThey're pretty much \""in the news\"" when there's going to be a rate increase, so you're never fully caught off guard.\n\nI love having the \""paperless\"" bill option.
So, I will just post my review here.
Basically it remove child views defined by you in layout.
You could even grab a bunch of tiles from something like an OpenStreetMap tile server and serve those locally for a pretty background.
Maybe you can install PHPMailer as a Vendor and create a Component called "Mail"...
(Two pounds out of probably 6-7 that I've bought in the past year.
the patient holding area is fairly nice and each room does have a TV to keep you occupied while waiting.
Or you could simply pass the Ruby code to the server via post and call eval .
Only down side was the driveway and parking costs.
If you find this confusing (me too), there's a great reference table that shows which features are supported on which systems.
Also, as this is for a group university project, I was hoping i wouldn't have to force too many workarounds When you think about it, it is not really hard work around.
They serve enough rice and fried beans on the side to feed about three people.
My favorite bagel is a fresh asiago cheese with tons of cream cheese.
If you read the last entry, the stream still doesn't have the eof bit set.
1 First of all, you create a protocol with a blueprint for method .
I guess people see \""unlimited pasta\"" and their minds go somewhere a little less sophisticated.
Each dessert ran around $10 and the coffee was $6.
I try to achieve this (node is dict of dict...
php & mysql converting non- to unicode I have characters like these on our web site: FÃƒÂ©mnyomÃƒÂ³ That is a street address, entered in another language (though I do not know which).
There is a create method to add the new model within a collection and save it to the server.
You have the correct number of dashes, you just aren't printing out the number correctly.
Classic exterior and very nice interior with a comfortable bar area and large dining areas, which would be great for a company function or family dinner.\n\nPersonally I like their Salmon and Sierra Chicken meals more than their steaks, but when I have had a steak it is top quality.
Wikipedia has categories of "visitor attractions in_ _ " for many cities.
I published a study that shows that detailed header documentations tend to actually distract users.
If it's not you, do they know what they are doing?
Perhaps I need to install a newer JRE?
Our most recent visit was an early Saturday dinner after a long day of shopping.
New Relic iOS app doesn't notify of downtime anymore Not sure when this started happening, but I used to get alerts on my iPhone from the New Relic app when our site went non-responsive.
It was crowded with many families and a few singles at the sushi bar.
Great food and service, very pleased with my Valentine's day dinner here.
So if I go to it will list all men's road bikes, if I then go to it will list men's and women's bikes, and if I go to it will display a particular bike.
Walter called me back within 1/2 hour, told me to get the car in ASAP to make sure it was safe to drive, 'and then if you have to go somewhere and wait, you have to go somewhere and wait.\"" I delivered my car 1/2 hour after that, went somewhere and waited, and had it back, fixed, within another hour, for less than 200 bucks.
Really weird Changed the code as follows: console.log ("Root record now " + rootRecord); rootRecord.childs = 1; console.log("Alias is " + rootRecord.alias); console.log("Child is " + rootRecord.childs); console.log("The complete structure is: \n"+rootRecord) And I get the following output So I can read rootRecord.childs, but its not listed, its almost as it is a "hidden" variable somehow.
First of all, Thomas Jungblut's answer is great and I gave me upvote.
The mumbo jumbo roll is loaded with fish, deep fried, and absolutely delicious.
Yes, I view this as a LIFE investment!
Because $cacheFactory will destroy all the data once the session has been closed.
Why my QuickSort using ForkJoin is so slow?
This place is located in the Market District of downtown Pittsburgh.
As far as airports are concerned, this one stacks up well.
It says so because the authors of the standard decided so.
But my gui classes, which extends acitvity, view and sherlockactivity are not obfuscated.
So my question is: What is the 'scope' of the 'default' preventDefault prevents that I don't have on my mind and which keeps the handleNotification function from working properly?
Right now, does run in the UI thread, so is causing responsiveness issues.
I went to town on it when I got home and could verify it wasn't going to upset my stomach.\n\nThe asparagus - yum, it had a very smokey flavor.
Watch out, you'll find this tasty bit gone within seconds.
I had been a very annoying customer - calling them every other hour since 9 am to keep track of progress, yet Shane has been patient and friendly all the time.
But Mert's is cozy and the food is delish.
These are utilities for you to introspect objects and classes in the REPL, but the code is a good example of how to explore classes programatically.
How can i see my document settings.xml (maven) I'm trying to see my informations (username &amp; url) in settings.xml but there is no document in my folder .m2, I try to display it with ls -la but nothing to do.
Is that what you were looking for?
The salads were both chilled, crisp, and the vinegar and spice balance for the mozzarella was very good.\nFor the entrees we got the salmon and the special bleu cheese encrusted fillet with grilled shrimp.
How to put animate heading and image with wowslider I'm trying to user Wow slider to create a carousel.
Finally made it here for lunch.
I have to suggest my own hairdresser JoJo, who does a fantastic job working with my curly hair.
Is there a better structure to use?
The issue with going over the limit happens because you call when the ViewController loads, but never call on each region when the ViewController becomes inactive.
\n\nThe BBQ Baked Beans were smooth, sweet, and delicious.
I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it.
The server is reading lines but the client isn't writing lines.
HSQL also provides support for interpreting csv files as s.
I am using a custom list view and I get unexpected results on search.I would ideally like to search on particular columns in the list for example I would like to search on a Invoice number or a contact number or by name of the person.
How can I use HttpClient in my .NET Framework 4.5 app/site?
The mongo servers are sharded, and not in my control.
The way to use it as follows As seen in the doc page It will choose the latest offset written around that timestamp to start consuming.
The dish at Casbah: maccheretto with white beans, wild mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, rapini pesto, cheese and walnuts.
I am sure once you are setup with all "the stuff" that defines the differences (ios7 &amp; ios6 transition), you will overcome the problems.
My other friend ordered a daily special which was Chorizo hash served with eggs and tortillas.
How to improve this Mathematica 9 code with Dynamic How to improve this Mathematica 9 code with Dynamic to speed up the calculation.
As I started to follow your games, I became more excited, more involved.
You might also want to give a look at Noda Time , which is quite useful when dealing with TimeZones and DateTime.
He washes the dishes but told me that he doesn't wash his hands so..
The portions are very large, so do not be tempted by the bread early.
I always order the Pad Thai w/ chicken.
Iphone Testing App on Xcode Is it possible to test your iPhone app on Xcode, not on the simulator, but on your actual phone before releasing it on the app store.
That way you can have global styling maintained on all pages on the same class names while being able to add specific rules for specific pages.
Doing so will cause the entire document to be cleared and a new one started.
Can someone shed some light on how these compare/complement each other in the context of an ASP.NET MVC application?
From the looks of it, the script came from a *nix system it: execute a command as another user change the current directory set environment variables calls a PHP script directly from the PHP interpreter and dumps the log into a file, and pipes the stderrs to /dev/null That script is imo, is impossible to "covert" to Windows batch script (since Windows != POSIX), you need to rewrite it.
Can anyone point me in the right direction.
Being in the center of downtown you would think there prices would be higher but they have some amazing choices and beers for a good price.
It just always seems clean, friendly, easy to go from terminal to terminal, not a lot of delays since it's not in a bad winter weather region..
Bash - Wait with timeout I have a problem with bash programming.
At the Microsoft 2009 Mix Web developer conference, all the presentations that I attended included code examples in C#, not VB.
I have declared this variable in the opening function And the function is called from a button press.
Multithreading in windows service I am designing a solution for a client where in data has to be polled from SQL table and a request is to be sent to a WCF service with a request formed from that data.
Furthermore, if do not implement AbsctractClass as a template class (just for a test purpose in this case) I also don't get the compiler warning...?
Is it possible to insert a script that changes the and tags if a website is accessed via a mobile?
I come from NYC, and I say this is right on par with the Greek food back home.
This Westin is a very well run hotel.
I think I am alone in this city with my love of Heini Light.
how to avoid getting ^M in file?
Bedside Manor is a fantastic bedding store, conveniently located across from SouthPark Mall.
That can manifest as "extra" columns when you read the csv file.
You are not passing any parameters to the query.
In yet another test, I commented out the thread sleeping line, and it ran all the way through just fine.
You need to 'cast' the dictionaries to something that a set can handle, e.g.
If you're looking for something a bit more upscale than Za's on campus and Biaggi's is out of your price range, Manzella's is the place to go.
I'll definitely be going back for Titletown and in general, Shadow Lounge is a great place to see alternative acts in Pittsburgh.
You're getting an exception from the DirectoryInfo object, so you need to use try / catch: If you're getting errors from any powershell cmdlets, you can use on the cmdlet to prevent errors printing to the screen.
It is for this reason that I give it a 4-Star rating instead of a 5-Star.
How have I lived in CU for 20 years and never visited Sam's Cafe?
I tried this, but it failed: Any ideas?
Also, I can confirm the user is registered by executing the following: QUESTION: How do I make the access the webadmin (or more importantly, accessing any ports from its external ip or domain) work?
It was a very nice meal and dining experience.
I honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wines we selected went well with the meal.
I wasn't all that impressed with the food they had cooked, but I'm not going to penalize them for that.
Try something like this: This will allow the objective-c compiler to create a strong reference to vc in the block, which will then point to self.
(Yes, I admit that the 'burgh has some cool stores.) I would do most of my clothes shopping here if I were here more often.
Ok , SOOOO I feel the need to try these places !
I could ask for much more.
I am looking for nosql key value stores that also provide for storing/maintaining relationships between stored entities.
It gave the eggs enough flavor without having to add extra salt.
Wish we lived closer (we are DC based).
I haven't really thought about this before, because my handlers never needed to know which one run first, but by the look of you fiddle I can see that the handlers are called in the same order in which they are initialized.
\n\nPros: breakfast and booze, huge portions ( I got a side of oatmeal and it was double a meal portion), CHEAP!!!!, Early hours \n\nCons: Parking is a bitch, slower (a huge party sat before us though) \n\nDef will be back for some day drinking
Swimming, cardio equipment, weights, basketball courts...just the works.
Now when it comes to the veggie burger i love the way it taste.
I don't know why, but when I feel like getting Korean to go, I come to Dorca's instead of Woori Jib.
We've a large amount of family and friends for this traditional celebration so I needed a place that was both Big (enough for 300+ guests), Bold (that WOW factor when they even entered the building, foyer and ballroom) and Beautiful (for a place that would accentuate my daughter and her Epic Ballgown.)\n\nI sent an email to Lake Windsor with no response.
My standards for a vet are high and I was more than pleasantly surprised by WLAH.
Need to decode it This is such an edge-case of a question, I'd be surprised if there is an easy way to do this.
\n\nI think there's some other stuff on the menu, but who knows if I'll ever even experience them...
Do you need to generate a new graphic every time the form is redrawn?
(...Which probably assumes that heaven looks like Thailand.
Refer more info look at following links, MIDP GUI Programming: Programming the Phone Interface MIDP user interface MIDP Programming with J2ME FYI: You can use LWUIT provides many useful Swing-like features.
Single quotes disable bash variable substitution mechanism.
In doing this, we can see what commits made it into the specific release.
I have been working for Memcache for the last week or so, I have managed to work out how to set keys/delete keys.
The tables and chairs - which were mostly the elevated and interconnected kind - admittedly looked a little worn down, but they weren't gross or anything like that.
As an example: Hope this helps!
Converting DXL timestamp to C# DateTime totally messed up with Lotus Notes DXL timestamp format...
Beverage cart was basic, but inexpensive.
Then I get the cursor position at time b.
That's why the largest percentage of people choose something else.
\n\nFiori's is all of those things and more.
Carl is very nice and I felt that the cake was very reasonably priced.
So what happen here is when I send the value for "myno" as "23,45", it gets assigned to MyNo property of my Model as 2345.
Please user insertBefore() JS HTML DOM METHOD for add string before your element content Check MDN OR user appendChild() JS HTML DOM METHOD for add string after your element content Check MDN
Side Note : don't share the create new instant when you need it and wrap it with using block like below Use SQL Parameters
It is too abstract for a beginner.
First, the Mimosa was a nice addition to the meal, but tasted more like Orange Juice.
The purpose is to yield a common type, which is also the type of the result.
Their fries are made to order and come out piping hot and are even more delectable with a dipping sauce concoction of my own (made by combining their honey mustard and cucumber sauces - must try).
Tons of tables and the greatest place to watch a game because there are tvs everywhere!
Once you go Pei Wei, you never go....
We already got the meat from another place down the street so what better place to get a variety of cheeses than the Macaroni co?
Many thanks in advance for any advice!
\n\nCute little shop more women's clothing then mens.
I had in incredible salad and the best lamb chops!
nothing to do with jQuery, just this:
File name without extension in bash for loop In a for loop like this one: $f will be the complete filename, including the extension.
\nI have other friends that have tried other items and love them.
So that approach is not working.
(The reference source is 4.5.1, but reflector shows very similar code in 4.0.)
You should try a later dtrace release.
but it was overall a decent sundae.
After that, you cant wear contacts for 2 weeks, put a few drops in and go in for the procedure.
The owner was chatty with me or clerk whichever she was.
Mongo query is slow using C# driver but fast using mongo shell I got very weird problem with MongoDB C# driver.
\n\nA friend told me about Jenifer Street Market and said they have great prepared foods and meats.
We all know that the squeaky wheel gets the oil, so it's nice to see positive karma reinforced at Enterprise.
There were no complaints and many a plate circumnavigated the table.
always rebase, then rename branch foo to landed-foo, and then after a set interval (say, one release, or 30 days) delete the landed-foo branch.
And I also prefer an independent, boutique hotel over a nondescript chain.
One active IB transaction the whole lifetime of a single user application Are there any negative impacts when a single user application uses only one IB transaction, which is active as long the program runs?
How to migrate S3 bucket to another account I need to move data from an S3 bucket to another bucket, on a different account.
The question is as follows: EXERCISE 2: Write a function take for returning the first n elements of a Stream.
The homemade gravy was to die for!
For sides, I had the mac & cheese (excellent!) and the yams (only meh).\n\nFor dessert, the peach cobbler was only okay - an overwheming spiciness.
If I had understood that, I would not be asking this here :-) Another easy way to do this is using I have never done any network programming before.
\nSome nice garden tools and doodads-a nice place to find a special gift for a gardening friend.\n\nIt seems several other reviewers had trouble with the customer service here.
I'll most definitely be going back to give the chef another chance to WOW me.
I found this small desk lamp that has a victorian look to it with the shade included for $4.
Stopped by here during a recent swing through Charlotte on biz.
Ultimately I am unable to echo out a session and it does not seem anything is being made.
She even came by to ask if we wanted more gravy...which we did, and could have sopped up 5 pretzel rolls with the stuff!
\n\nPants were hemmed well and it was good work.
\n\nCajun Queen is in an interesting location I haven't explored this part of Charlotte much....
Served with giant loaded baked potato.\n\nLast dish was a new menu item ( I don't know how new, like I said this was my first visit.)Parmesan crusted chicken .
Sending apps to other devices How can I share my app with friends?
There are over 17 different beers available plus people selling Seagrams escape drinks (supposedly gluten free!), lime-a-Ritas etc.
You're going to need something that looks like this: In order to do this, will also need to return a promise, and thus it's a good thing that promises are chainable.
When you use it, you essentially pass the base address of the string literal and collect it into a ( same as in case of usage in function parameter).
Your data can be stolen or deleted...
You will only get memory savings if you use a class instead of a struct - that way you can test for equality like you suggest.
In, I swear, no less than 10 words, he explained the process and wished me luck.
(It tries to hide it, but not very thoroughly.) I totally failed at using Google.
There also seemed to be a steady crowd there when we got there and left.
They seem to set the font to Helvetica and the size to 12.
Type the file name in the client's input field at the top of the client GUI to have the entire contents of that file printed below.
It needed a sauce of some sort.
Here is an tutorial as such: All .NET code is converted to an intermediary language that is executed, thus all .NET languages can be used to write a windows service.
EXTRA INFO: The key is build here : Concerning the initial vector, even if I use the following initialization, I get the same problem : On the other hand, when I use the init function which use default initialization parameters the encrypt function works well:
It comes with smoked gouda, fried egg (cooked perfectly), and with the crunchiest, most delicious fries I have ever eaten.
Finally, the call to at the end (outside of the lambda) converts the returned by into an array of arrays ( ).
The dish wasn't as great as I thought it would be and I had immediate food-envy when my finacee's dish was placed in front of him - piping hot scallops, shrimp and lobster over grits and brown gravy - WOW!
You can find a great tutorial here .
Another perk is that when Crosby had \""kennel cough\"" we went after hours to get him some medication and they still let us in and treated him...In short, great adoption experience at ARL.
This regex is supposed to match any numbers (real or integer - no scientific notation).
\n\nThe omelets are all pretty standard fare here, but they do them consistently well every time I've been.
This review is for both the particular location that I used back on September 23rd, 2012 and for Avis' customer service on their 800 number just now.\n\nI had arrived to Pittsburgh at 6am via bus from NYC and had several options for renting a car (see photo).
Needed something to do on short notice due to bad weather.
Significantly, far exceeded the quality present in the Trio I ordered.
And why review a Hooters in Champaign when I live in Chicago?
The link I am trying to use above.
It's easy to miss, but it is right across the street from Shadyside Hospital.
Remove an association between two models I have the following associations: How do I now remove this association?
Oktoberfest is coming up too, which includes live music and festivities.
Avoid the soup which was reaally a cup of broth.
At this time you are trying to print this pointer using your second in the while loop which will lead to undefined behavior.
(WStoneCost is equal to zero) Is it just a wrong symbol or am I doing something wrong?
As usual, great service, friendly people, plenty of sports.
There are tvs around the bar to keep you up to date on sports and news.
It's a concept available on C++ (but not exclusively) No, it is not available in standard C.
For example, for : And I want to perform a simple operation like: My expected output would be: indicates for each 2D coordinate which should be updated.
Normally, when loading content using XNA's Content Pipeline, the compiled .xnb files are accessed using an assigned "Asset Name" that can be defined in the Visual Studio GUI.
If returning an instance, the reference to this instance will be returned.
Our requirement is that these push notifications should be instantaneous and as real time as possible.
Not quite what I was looking for but they were an acceptable alternative.\n\nThe only subpar point of the night was the difficulty with service.
Kindly, use this basic line of code for htaccess.
Now, the text is a little bit down, even though I set , and it cuts the text.
The pls Package: Principal Component and Partial Least Squares Regression in R Journal of Statistical Software, 2007, 18, 1 - 24.
The grated radish and other garnishes are made fresh daily.
Here is my suggested design: Your fluent api that goes to your dbcontext class: You can read more about many-to-many relationships on EF here:
\n\nThe service is also respectable, and it seems as though the same 4 or 5 guys are always working, so if you're a regular, they'll recognize you.
Will, who does the checking in, has a gentle, laid back demeanor and \""good to see you\"" personality.
I had the fruit and cheese along with the brioche french toast.
I also really enjoy the breaded catfish.
Or can i get array of div's by id that's starts with "c[numeric_value]"?
The wait to get into this place was long and goes out the door.
Before I moved to Charlotte, I had my stylist do an all-over color to bring me back to my original hair color and wipe out my years of highlights so I didn't have to find someone right away after moving for upkeep.
The "outer" form saves the information perfectly.
The airport is easy to get out of and easy to get to.\n\nTSA is as slow as they can be.\nToo many agents to few open lines.
However, their pastries won my over.
For a while they served Lebonese food on some evenings but stopped doing that.
Since you mentioned you're using MVC 4, I expect you will want to upgrade your references to MVC 5 and Web API 2.
Probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood-fired pizza...
So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.\n\nSo off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we?
the returned users will then be displayed on a datatable in a xhtml file.
When you run the code and "Hire" a person, then the list selection event fires (I added a System.out.println(...) to the listener).
After paying, we'd take our cones outside and sit on the steps chatting well into dusk.
To read those Websphere Dumps an additional plugin called IBM Diagnostic Tool Framework for Java needs to be installed ( Update Site ).
There are several ways to achieve what you want as the other answers point out.
I loved the beef and cheese snack pack because they came in small bites.
The soup and salads arrived within seconds; the soup was good - not great, but good - and it could've been a little warmer.
It's a C# DLL that is only loaded when the C# DLL function is called.
It was a pumpkin flavored one and i was excited to try it!!!
You can just instantiate the PriorityQueue with
Grab it once and cache it on your side.
Stop browser loading indicator iframe is it possible to stop the browser indicator on a iframe src.
If I could suggest one thing, it would be to add bbq pulled chicken or turkey to your menu for the health fanatic in me:-) Bodrick and his wife were a pleasure to talk with and they know bbq, and to the brother cooking.....you are the man!\n\nYou'd be doing yourself a terrible injustice to sleep on this one as I had........
WebStart Application is not working in Java 7 u45 My Eclipse RCP application ( launched with WebStart (.jnlp)) crashes on startup while launching with Java 7 u45 (working fine in java6).
If not, PHP execute to else statement, that's save the data.
sneakily share it at the table!!\n\nAnyways, Smoky Jon's was a great farewell from Madison meal for me, leaving me nice and full, the perfect prep for a long flight back to Los Angeles.
\n\nThere were a lot of other dishes on our table that looked amazing so I'm definitely coming back for more goodies...and some dessert!
Surrounded by a desolate urban landscape, I never would've expected this colorful, creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.\n\nMy dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a \""shampoo\"", a strange (but delicious!) cherry and almond cream soda.
Cool and he got an A from us.
You want something that can be sandboxed off, that can only access resources you explicitly assign to its scope, and that executes in a "play within a play" runtime environment rather than in PHP's own.
When I do this, the ListBox doesn't update with the new list and it seems that the binding doesn't work correctly, unless I do this: I've done the same thing with other ListBox controls and not had this problem.
We are just mad it took almost a year of bad experiences before we found it.
Moreover, B would have the vtable even if you didn't declare in it explicitly.
While the concept is fine, what's killing me is the frame rate which I cannot get above 30 FPS.
There is probably at least one thing here in for every type of person.
For my one assignment, I have given two .txt files, one that includes a list of email addresses and another that includes a list members who no longer was to be on an email list.
That's a warning your browser gives.
I feel like such a big girl now!
Microservices architecture is really nothing new as far as concept.
I went Monday 12/10 and the young man working the drive thru window was very pleasant.
If IIS, you need to make sure that it's set up to work with your file extensions.
Be sure to attached the handler after the DOM is fully loaded.
You cannot use Image datatype in Group by clause.
Fast friendly service at a great price.
The last time I was there they had this Chocolate Decadence cake and it was insanely rich and moist!!\n\nI say give them a try because you can bring your friends, family, etc and have a great meal at a reasonable price.
You should be able to access the manager app (usually under localhost:8080/manager/html) and see all running applications, regardless of whether you have iteraplan deployed on the server or not.
Then one day, magically, they're excited to go to daycare (or Bow WoW) and they don't even look back while they're led away to the playroom.
I do wish however that it was a little thicker.
\n\nService was friendly, was in a cute little Elizabeth house.
If you wanted to enforce a sticky-session model, you'd need to run your own front-end load-balancer (in a Web / Worker role).
\n\nClassy bar/restaurant on site with good food!
On the groups I set the "Page Break at start" and "Include Group Header" and "Repeat Group Header" options to true.
In my defense, that's because my priority when reading others' reviews is to take note of the bad places and avoid them and I try to return the favor.\n\nThat said, I'm happy to click five stars for this location and would give them a sixth if I could.
To do this without using , you will need to use P/Invoke to natively get the file version information.
Then inside database folder yourdatabse.db will be created.
I was then a little surprised and worried when he told me he hadn't prepared anything and if I could show him a picture he could draw something up.
If you don't want that initial burst, you did correctly bootstrap without any tokens.
No steal by any means but definitely a fair price.\n\nMake sure you do your homework on your car before you ever get an alignment.
Stay here you won't be disappointed.
We went for friends bridal shower brunch and stayed for the art.
If you live in Pittsburgh and have not been, this place is a gem.
I'm selecting distinct values from tables thru Java's JDBC connector and it seems that NULL value (if there's any) is always the first row in the ResultSet.
Needs to be changed to And then the control gets initialized properly, even when it's in the repeater.
These clauses are run after all the expressions in the select-list have been evaluated.
NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM\n\nthis is what happened to the tamales I bought from El Charro.
I'm lactose intolerant so I get soy milk but they don't charge me extra for it!
For example if then is the same as not .
Everything is all really nice hardwood.
Frankly, I don't think that I would.
so I don't know that you'll find any crazy deals.
And -get this- it had cloth seats.
On the net panel of my Firebug console some of the files sent with my website are racking up an alarming length of time "waiting" for a response from my server, and receiving certain files.
Combine that with an index to return the referenced : Result:
I noticed many php scripts have a 'thank you' feedback but I want more than that.
Here's what you need to do.
For example if you register a new user the database file will be created.
Xcode7.3 gave me a syntax error (Ambiguous use of subscript).
Great value for a stay in North Charlotte.
Cakephp v 2.4.5 I have to three tables/models: Resondents: id, name Transformationals: id, name TransformationasRespondent: id, transformational_id, respondent_id This is a join table Example tables: respondent: id, name 1, Abc 2, Def 3, Ghi 4, Jkl transformationals: id, name 1, Macrosoft 2, Eddy 3, Wag transformationals_respondents: id, respondent_id, transformational_id 1, 1, 7 2, 2, 7 THen I need Query to SELECT respondents thats NOT in transformationals_respondents and has transformational_id 7.
The returned addresses will be localized for the locale provided to this class's constructor.
Also, this is very likely going to be called duplicate of this: but it was never answered so it's not very helpful for me..
The wedge seemed perfectly adequate, inspire of it's Flintstones size.
If its not what you want and you can code in Javascript, it shouldn't be too difficult to create something by yourself.
I wonder: how does this I-dont-care-first search is called?
Not to mention, it is categorized so perfectly: by country, director, genre, etc.
Also: to those who complain the sushi menu is small, yes, it's less than a page.
With CSS3 you could also use
I also love their home fries.
Time a and b are start and end of ctr-v (paste).
It's kinda awesome.\n\nAnyway, both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top...
It is truly a gem of Madison.
there isn't much around it as far as things to do, but there are a few restaurants..
The burgers rock, the cheese turds & onion rings are fab, and the fish fry is REALLY good!
Though the wine list is quite extensive, there's a smaller, curated list of bottles for $28.
The permissions are mostly useful for processes which are open(2) -ing an already existing named pipe.
I think they probably are friendlier toward their regulars, but that's fine by me.
If they had this place in Cali I would probably eat there more often.
When my favorite silk blouse had a run-in with a particularly evil soap dispenser, I knew my regular dry cleaner wouldn't cut it.
JavaScript regular expressions - match a series of hexadecimal numbers Greetings JavaScript and regular expression gurus, I want to return all matches in an input string that are 6-digit hexadecimal numbers with any amount of white space in between.
Does anyone know how this could be solved?
I know there is some jar missing but how and why?
In my example, the second test "[ 1 -eq 0 ]" is part of an AND, so I should see the output "ccc".
Update - this was the fourth or fifth visit to C's over the past few years; my coworkers have a breakfast club where we frequent various places once a month or so.\n\nThe breakfast grub is straight-forward, no-nonsense, standard fare.
This trendy little place has great pizza.
How to bring in string from left of numbers in Excel I'm trying to format a column based off of another (let's say column B2).
How can you beat that?\n\nThe food is pretty decent for bar food.
Now, this isn't the best pizza I have ever had, but it is the most authentic and that is why it is getting 5-stars.
My server looked at me like I was nuts when I told her I was finished because it barely looked like I put a dent in my meal.
It does this automatically by matching names so there shouldn't be a problem.
I have a sandbox merchant, and a sandbox buyer.
And one of the desk guys said that if someone had to leave their dog all day, he'd walk the dog for the guest!
Weight search in boolean mode with union mysql I am using this query to search across multiple tables, which is working however I want to weigh matches to the column "title" higher than matches to the column description.
If I browse to a non-existent URL on my site, I receive a "200 OK" status from the server, despite the URL still being invalid and the 404 page still being presented.
If you want your input element as an object in then use this instead of
It would be impossible for to return a single, meaningful value.
Yeah - I should have known beforehand that banks provide their customers with free notary services, but, frankly, I never really thought about it.
This is, without a doubt, the best haircut I've ever had.
New kitchen manager is making some great food these days!
It'd be convenient if an application I'm writing stored some files to external storage permanently (so they persist after the application has been exited[destroyed]), but on an uninstall I'd like to do the decent thing and have these files removed to free up the storage.
Prices are moderate, but you'll get your money's worth!
I'm here every week, and in comparison to the numerous other airports I experience, CLT is definitely the best.
You should initialize it before using or accessing it's properties.
You have slicing : You should use or .
This place is totally a trip, but so charming.
I saw Franco Harris at this place he was a class act great place to by real food from Italy
It didn't take long to be seated, considering how many people were in there.
I would think that the proper answer to this, given that you don't want the hardware load measure (CPU, memory, IO utilization), is that heavy load is the amount of requests per time unit at or over the required maximum amount of requests per time unit.
There is also a TV in each room.
I dont think I had lunch that day since it was such a huge meal and great hangover cure.
My friend and I are regulars there for pedicures and they know our names and even got us cute little Christmas Presents this year.
The only way to do that and get the exact enumeration of C, at least with the information provided, is to evaluate F on each element in A &times; B.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Friend got the vege risotto which she liked.
They have a great selection of all of the stuff I wanted, but I think that the prices were quite high.
However, this pool felt a couple degrees cooler than most.
It's going to copy that many characters, even when the source is shorter.
Also, even if there were no impacts on the performances of the app in debug, there would soon be a flood of information in the debug console that would render the use of this debug tool useless.
As duffymo points out, letting the PreparedStatement get passed around with no assurance that it will ever get closed is very bad.
You are paying more for the ambiance than probably the quality.
I am very newbie at Clojure, can you help me spot my errors?
Service was fair, and probably the only thing that could be improved upon.
But for 20 bucks, I definitely got my money's worth.
One of the 3 worker's in the back yells out :\n\"" #9- Club Supeme, \n# 13- the Original Italian\nor you gonna get the Chicken Philly?\n\nI LOVVVEEEEE IT!!
Can anyone tell me why is this happening?
But, I usually don't travel with much cash, so, I didn't have any money for a tip....sad
The conservatory was small but worth the $2 to get in.
The automaton you might write has two states: an initial state, in which no c2 has been encountered in the input, and in which c1 and c2 are accepted, and a second state in which c2 has been seen, and in which only c1 is accepted.
I'm not trying to execute known commands by putting them in source code.
From what I can tell, your paint code should work fine The problem is, most likely, in the fact that the images are not loading, but since you've chosen to ignore any errors that are raised by this process, you won't have any idea why...
i left with a set of four cups and saucers, a mid-century teak planter, a retro canvas print (for $3!) and a chrome tray.
\n\nAnyway, in terms of produce this place is awesome.
The clause is fine, to shorten a module's name or avoid clashes.
He can be moody at times, but I have never found him to be rude even on a bad or busy day (he probably just doesn't have time for slowpokes who can't make up their mind).
Nice lil bar/restaurant with awesome staff.\nMy favorite thing about this place: The staff.\nFriendly, kind and super nice.
You can also have a look at config.log
I've been here for a brunch which I really enjoyed.
The Base.cs file looks like this.
You also need to define an output file, or Xcode ignores the rule (since it doesn't generate anything).
Here's a demo: My question is twofold: Shouldn't the returned elements exist even after the original document was destroyed, since they were cloned into the current document?
But from pictures I can imagine, right?) high ceilings and wooden support beams cover this restaurant.
How to write helper class for different select operation?
Cocoapod 0.38.0 and AFNetworking 2.5 AF_APP_EXTENSIONS compilation error My project has 9 targets : I'm using 0.38.2 cocoapod version and 2.5.4 AFNetworking.
Even though the restaurant wasn't very busy, I was surprised the chef was still able to undercook the ginger rice accommodating the Tuna dish to an inedible level.
If it already had one there would be no file change, but convert is not being asked to make any decision based on the status, just go ahead and add the channel.
Note that I want to get the more automatizable (?) configuration, and avoid any manual steps, as this configuration should be used by dozens of developers...
\n\nservice was ok - pamela's is a pretty simple place in that aspect, you see your server when you order and to drop off the check.
They have food court in the Central atrium offering a verity of Asian, BBQ and American fast food.
You can't with most SSH clients.
The bathroom I had used however, was rather small.
Voted best veggie restaurant in madison, but half of the menu or more isnt veggie, so everyone will be happy.
That exhibit alone definitely would warrant 5 stars if it could be reviewed separately.
Hush puppies are so delightful that a basket must accompany any BBQ.
Bossa Nova's step-sister bar, but not the evil jealous step sister more like the older a little more mature caring step-sister.
The lady's room and its changing station were very clean.
2+3) What does it mean, when I specify: is equivalent to .
Example: table.key = int &amp; table.child=vchar For me, its always that!
So now - does Facebook wants that publish_actions to be added to the review or it's something else (they could be more specific)?
Try passing the contents of your $data variable through the urldecode function:
Thank you, hopefully I explained myself properly.
However, this then puts the whole text container below the image!
You can use System.Diagnostics.StackTrace to create a stack trace from an exception, with this you can enumerate the stack frames and get the filename, line number and column that the exception was raised.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems I can't get an app access token unless I have the app secret, and it seems obvious I should not put the app secret in javascript.
Polk memorial center and walking up to the restaurant.
Drinks are expensive for what they are.
Does anyone know what would cause this?
Just be aware of parking (because the surrounding businesses will tow)!
Just add the trigger after the value is set, like so: Here's how I'd do it: <a href="
I would give it a 5 for flavor and service!
A great menu and very friendly staff.
I brought it into Empire Music, which was my local neighborhood music store at the time.
\nI originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas, the ran out upon my ordering, in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge.
I have been generating server-side skeleton code using wsimport and then writing my own implementing class.
One of the options would be to add a event listener to the canvas, get the of the event, and if you hit the text, redirect to the url.
will be 2nd level nested attrubte to .
Why is this not the case?
I ask for a rare steak on the spinach salad, rare it is.
Again, I don't know of any existing tools that do this, but it shouldn't be too hard to write your own.
You can use javascript's and : Find in FIDDLE
\n\nThe one thing I will remember always, and will definitely order the next time I go back was this amazing tuna appetizer.
EDIT: I added the separate one with properties so you can really see explicit setting.
I didn't really care too much for the style of suits Jos.
I remember one day just trying a slice and was in love with it.
Oh and the fact that it wasn't that clean.
\n\nI had a large group of people with me from the office so getting a table took a little bit of time.
I recently had a birthday and as part of the celebration my partner ordered a cake from Scot's.
Example of a possible solution: I'm going to look into putting a resize function in SimpleModal, which would take care of most of these steps.
But don't know how to say?!
So the calling code has to be in a class that inherits the class in which the methods are defined.
Good food, reasonable price for the lunch buffet and very attentive service.
You cannot mix-match functions from both extensions to interface with the same connection.
I would highly recommend this for a special night out to celebrate.
Thought I should reword my answer.
For my entree, I ordered the Kona-encrusted sirloin with shallot butter..
I am getting this error: on this line: What's wrong in my form?
The bottom crust was crunchy and good (I couldn't eat the end bits of crust because it was a little hard).
Assuming such a G, an enumeration algorithm would evaluate both F and G, rather than F alone.
But everything you could possibly need for a huge party is under one giant roof and they take credit cards.\n\nTheir website is confusing.
I was thrilled that it was right here in Charlotte.
Always make sure you've loaded the html first before actually calling the selectable function.
My boyfriend and I will only order DiCarlos if we are in a pizza mood.
Once I asked Dave if I needed front brakes and he said - I am betting your light will come on close to your next service so you probably have 7500 miles left on them.
I'm not sure if this will solve your problem, but don't use == for string comparisons.
The venue was very trendy and relaxing.
Since you only have one counter, it won't scale well.
On the second project it only seems to work with my first file I pushed which happens to be a .gitignore file.
This is of course based on your needs and isn't a best practice.
They have a few tables, but I've never eaten there so I cannot comment on the service but they are always friendly when I order take out.
Is absolutely my favorite place in Pittsburgh.
After all, it is difficult to hear a small voice when an item is calling out to you if you are anxious from unwelcome stares.
Girasole reminds me of eating in my Italian Grandma's basement kitchen!
Provide Custom message on Camel Validation I am trying to provide a custom message upon validation failure as oppose to the sending the stack trace to the user.
If you are designing from scratch the first option is usually best for pre-populated material.
.NET certainly allows you to use Visual Basic to write a Windows Service.
In particular you will want this if you want to do transactions spanning more than one call to the database.
Then on the S3, I didn't see the out directory.
Seems like that's a standard for Madison, but I love it and I'm thrilled whenever I can order it.
Pretty darn good deal.\n\nThese guys and gals are always friendly and helpful.
OAuth uses a public key, and also a secret.
How do I symbolicate a copy/pasted crash report?
We're just at the first leg and so far we're really happy.
EDIT: I'm writing in C, but it may be for any language.
But here in Pittsburgh, it's just about the best place around.
PHP: calculate array values by array This may be simple to some of you guys but I'm really dummy in php.
But when I try: it says that .
The good is very good tasting tex/mex.
Efficient R Conditional Function for Each Value in a Data Frame Column I needed to make a function (wpcm) to manipulate every value in a data frame column a certain way.
Generally what I would do in your situation is try to just get the plain text our of your HTML and then do the search.
Another thing that i find refreshing is their Shoestring french fries, that they provide you with as a side if you dine in extra if you take out.
I've been going to Inner Peaks off and on for seven years or so.
But in case of the Latent semantic analysis (LSA) i have 5 books and there are a total of 1000 odd words .
My fiance and I moved to the Regent Square area in May and we've been to D's multiple times in the three or so months since.
I had the same problem with Greek input, this patch from launchpad works for me too.
Alternative you can use reflection to create a (deep) copy of your object.
on jdbc prepared statements to nullable sql columns.
Also they working on the pool deck area so we could not go out and relax on the deck on some of the most awesome sunny days.\n\nThe maids did and awesome job every day !
It's a little sweet, but not too oily.
:) So the value of referenced variable isn't changed.
I've followed the Android Developers site to develop this application.
You cannot instantiate them, and they may contain a mix of methods declared with or without an implementation.
The cheese experts are also willing to talk cheese to you for as long as you like.
Staff is very friendly, many have been working there for 10+ years, and we are remembered when we come in- a nice touch.
You'll go into a food coma and not do well on your test.
You can checkout branch B and do a git rebase.
We've gone for the night maze both times and had a blast.
Selecting even rows through it class name Problem selecting even rows through it class name: It is taking into the count all of the " tr " so:
We opted to get the flavor of the day (cookie dough craving).
There are TVs everywhere you turn, and is an especially raucous place to watch a big game.
how to do real time notification in my (own)app?
I love that this diner offers vegetarian/vegan options.
In the long run you'll get in average 3 per second.
I really wish this facility also had a steam room.
He uses Dreamweaver and other software to generate the forms.
Here for UC v Duke in the Belk Bowl.
Is there a straightforward way to do it that I'm not aware of or is it more complicated than that?
I wasn't able to explore more in the Inn, but all the things I was able to see I loved.
I called around to a few locations and it was unavailable, but I was recommended to call this Barnes & Noble location.\n\nNot only were they very nice and courteous over the phone, they pulled the book, placed my name on it, and held it at the front counter.\n\nI was literally in and out of the store in less than a minute.\n\nWith service and staff like this, why go anywhere else?\n\nThank you for the excellent service Barnes & Nobles.\n\nNCFoodGuy
InAppSettingsKit comes with an extension that allows you to do exactly this.
Doing that removes the relationship that allows me to see the InvoiceEntry 1->M InvoiceEntryItems in the admin inline.
I can view this query, but I can't get it to export or update.
My fish and chips were really pretty good.
I heard from a couple of people that the fish and chips Friday special was something I needed to try and they were not wrong.
Moreover I also find any version of the Reuters dataset which has relatively less number of categories.
But what I found is that Savannah Red is actually a fabulous restaurant that stands on it's own two feet, with delicious food at tasty price points\n \nThings started off nicely with an amuse bouche of cauliflower soup, which was rich and delicious.\n\nI like to just nibble and taste so I ordered a few small dishes.
Flex/air mobile - Display All mp3 Song From the SD card with id3 info and poster image I am trying to fetch all mp3 songs from SD card .
Anyway she gave us some bread which was sweet, unlike many of the other restaurants breads that I have had, which I enjoyed.
but they are a bit thinner than regular pancakes (crepes would be much thinner than this) and rolled up like crepes.
Anyway, it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was a traumatizing experience.
A cheerful hostess greeted us as we descended the stairs into the restaurant.
I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.
Eclipse and FindBugs are bug detectors that find some null pointer errors, but the Checker Framework is a verifier that gives a guarantee of no null pointer errors .
If he didn't know about something (like a beer we asked about) he went, grabbed samples and came back fully knowledgable on them.
It is written by Steven Bird, from the University of Melbourne.
In your loop, needs to be .
I ended with the molten chocoloate cake with vanilla ice cream.
Sadly this still won't really work for EVERY field of every table, unless you explicitly add formatting for every data type.
The stuffed raspberry French toast was insane.
The Saturday before Halloween is apparently not something the good folks of Madison, Wisconsin take lightly.
Accept that fact and make the code better.
The two of us went in today for lunch and there was a short wait (15 minutes) so we decided to grab our drinks at the bar while we waited.
This is definitely a mom and pop place you need to try.
Did you ever go somewhere and eat something and think, \""Alright, this is good, I'm not blown away, but alright...\"" \n\nOk, then, did you ever realize, that months later, you're still thinking about something you ate there?
You can have .net give the User's Userpath.
\nThe outside seating is so cute, too.
It's easy to have it not link anywhere, but I do not know how to make it look like a label.
Some of the best onion rings I've ever had.
I noticed that DbSet is not an IEnumerable .
I wanted to hug them if I could.
Don't forget to check out the crazy pieces of artwork suspended from the ceiling as you walk through!
Crumbled crackers topped this concoction that tastes eerily like my grandmother's.
SpriteKit: Callback after all nodes finished actions Simplified problem (in Swift but I think also in Objective-C): I've got two nodes where actions have started.
There is no limit other than the number of socket descriptors.
So far I have tried the hummus and the falafel, it was good.
We ordered 3 pizzas: the Margherita, the Bianca, and the fennel sausage and rapini pizza (I forget the menu name).
\n\nI was looking to pick up some side dishes for a picnic, and decided to stop by the deli to peruse their prepared dishes.
Also, I want to add like in iOS when user changes Text and BG.
You're on the right track, but mind that there is a column limit.
For 16khz model is more than 4000, usually 6800.
We will send your server a notification (including the update!) every time a feed has a new entry.
Look at the section of your Java sources for inspiration on moving types around.
I have no any problems in other Rails projects with it.
Either way, map doesn't allow duplicate key, and replaces the key with the new value if the key already exists.
\n\nI believe they also do a free shuttle to the airport but I had a rental car.
Looping through dynamic JSON data using javascript I am trying to display JSON data but the key value is dynamic it varies from one POST request to another my data hierarchy is as shown in diagram: This is the part of the code I am running,Can anyone suggest me how to display JSON data where key showed in redbox gonna change for every POST request While running above snippet I am getting following error message : data[$(....).val(...)].iscsi_lif.result.sectoutput.sect is undefined
You get a lot - so if you leave Hungry - I wonder what's wrong with you ...
We immediately received a warm welcome upon entering the restaurant.
It gives new meaning to the Hilton Double Dipping concept.
I've also had the fried cod sandwich - the fish is crisp and flaky and darn good!
I have been here for breakfast about 5 times.
I had the dry rub ribs and was probably the one item I would less likely try again.
They have everything for your charcuterie and pasta needs.
Small store but the customer service is fantastic .
\n\nThis place is definitely going to the top of my YUMMY list!
The waiter apologized and don't get me wrong, there was great service, but I still ended up paying full fare for half a meal.
Also, you forget the # in your show()
My absolute favorite is the Katsu-jyu, which is fried breaded pork cutlet with egg and onions, served over a bed of rice.
As far as I can tell, Upstream is the best (nicest) restaurant in Charlotte, and I'm not sure it's close.
There is a workout room with a couple of ellipticals and treadmills with TVs on each.
Stick around long enough and you will meet staff and owners from other local waterholes, or maybe even your local councilman.
saw the austrailian pink floyd show 2 times and a doo wop show once.
My only complaint was we ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table and the fried mushrooms were not done and doughy.
Shouldn't public variables be accessible to all modules?
It feels like going over an old family members house but better.
or add 'commit' after your insert statement
I had high hopes for AF and was slightly let down.
They had an intriguing section near the front devoted to baking chocolate, with chips, whole bars, and cool things like butterscotch and white chocolate baking pieces.
You would think airport management would realize this.
The Fresh Market is a cool little store with tons of fresh meats, produce and bakery goods.
I think the waitress forgot because it wasn't on the bill either.\n\nThe inside dining room is SMALL.
Before I started university they recommended: Scratch from MIT.
I'm surprised it isn't more crowded because I can't really thing of a negative thing to say about the place.
Are old-fashioned / s still available?
Pretty much everything is fried, but it's all good.
for instance here is a returned list for a flask app I wrote.if You cant see your moudle here, add the import.
He asks you to go change into a closet (Yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) BUT all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items I knew he was the real deal.
The website is live at and thanks for any advice.
There's no better place to simply relax and enjoy the beauty and variance of nature.
However I tried to include them but I couldn't The only way that I found to create separate files and then include them as a module Here is an example of the expected result Project Tree
Nice atmosphere and good beer selection too.
This is, by far, the BEST place to eat breakfast anywhere in the world.\n\nDo not leave Sam's without trying the pancakes.
That's a dish we hardly ever get when its just the two of us, because it can be a bit generic, a safe choice for those that don't know or really like Thai food.
Great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food.
Most unexplained database catalog problems (other than those needing PTFs) can be cleared by either of those.
ListView is not displaying anything but is displayed when search view is clicked I have an activity named FriendListActivity which contains 3 tabs namely CHAT ,GROUP and CONTACTS.FriendListActivity contains a viewpager which is being populated through Fragments using FragmentStatePagerAdapter .Now each fragment contains a list view which is being populated using BaseAdapter .
simply you can do this -- there are so many option or answer available for this.
Can't rate the food but we had an excellent time at Ri Ra!
\n\nThe guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses.
Is it possible to make the T4 to run when a certain file has bee saved, or when I build the project?
The problem I have is if you want to stand up and cheer some wine and cheeser will yell at you to sit down.
I am just unsure how to print out the pixel values.
And the place is dark so you never really see the carpet anyways.
In addition, it would be fairly pointless to use an array of rather than because is in terms of , not .
C with assembly tutorials Please, advice me manuals or tutorials by joint usage C language with assembly in Unix systems.
I found something like which could be usefull.
Or are there really not enough retweets in the US?
The image aligns to the baseline of the text, while letters like g and y go below the baseline.
Explicitly specifying will give you the full-color icons you want.
Getters, Setters and Constructors in Java - Making a car and stocking it I'm trying to create a class in Java using BlueJ.
As others have pointed out the problem, I thought I would suggest an easier solution
I am writing some mex files to run in my matlab program using visual studio 2013 compiler.
We moved to our table and we split the calamari.
512 bytes, is it wrong ?
As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.\n\nEmil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's.
Again if I restart the WAS , the application works well.
Are there recommended configurations between the Boostrapper and Setup WiX projects such that the small update, minor upgrade, and major upgrade use cases can be handled properly, or does the WiX Bootstrapper support ONLY major upgrades?
This method is responsible for setting property and invoking the passed as the method parameter : Example usage : Though, I haven't verified my self whether delegate is supported in WP 8.1 universal apps, so it will be great to hear from you.
You either need to select ALL the revisions in the branch whose changes are not yet included in your branch, or leave the range specifier empty to allow SVN to figure out which revisions to merge.
Now, this theater is not a place you go to watch 'The Fast and the Furious XII' in 4D.
More formally, returns the lowest index i such that (o==null ?
Test case: Unit being tested (should not be relevant but just in case): Error generated: Any suggestions on how to delete the errors object?
Every tutorial I've seen has parallax backgrounds on full screen websites.
Need a Perforce DVCS recommendation: git-p4, hg Perfarce, or Something Else?
Here is my code: So you don't have to count all those lines, the crash seems to be caused by this section of the code:
It was clean, the owner was actively keeping it clean.
I always wanted to try their food, but haven't yet.
Each any() usage is converted into it's own subquery.
\nBut the restaurant is definitely worth checking out.
so should i create multiple logins, L1,L2,L3, then map, U1, U2, U3 to them.
It will only treat its descendants.
There are great food options all over the airport, plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while.
If Dan or anyone else is going to link to the Redux real world example, please comment on the plan to address this issue/discussion.
But the most exciting part to this store is the restaurant.
We've been very happy with them.
drawstring bold and normal text have code: I need to get this is normal and this is bold text But I receive overlay of second text on first
How can I transform an image for Apple Watch?
\n\nGrilled Octopus, Lasagna, salads are very good.
Would you believe me if I said that I never ate at a Mad Mex until recently?
Also, Joda-Time uses ISO 8601 as its defaults for parsing and generating string representations of date-time values.
but the problem is that when i make the object of form3 in form1 like this it shows the error in the program.cs that from1 does not contain a constructor that contain 0 argument .
After it is persisted it behaves as expected.
I don't know but I think it executes in the following way...
They won my business for sure!
sum of date difference of different id in sql I have user defined function like this: I try execute out put like this: but I am getting output like this: I want to get sum of date difference of vtid 7 and 8 Expected output: I tried giving group by but showing error, so where I have to made changes in my stored procedure?
We were told it's better and thicker when Sam is working but it was still extra yummy.
You should make de-duplicating a function of it's own, eg.: and then: Personally I recommend learning/using CoffeeScript as it uncrufts Javascript a great deal, the de-dupe looks like this: and then wrapped you can do: Which reads more plainly as english, at least to me it does.
The waits here can be long--2 weeks or more--due to how busy they are and they only have one bay.
If yes, how can I do this?
Constructing a JavaScript Array prototype method I am new to constructing a JavaScript Array prototype.
There's not much I can add that hasn't been said about the Flying Saucer.
I've managed to pull a somewhat 'generic' solution.
This is our favorite neighborhood restaurant.
Clicking that button, the pdf is opened.
i have a request argument in my and i did this to get the user's ip from that :
The defaults (debug and release, each with custom settings), and dev and beta build type (also with custom signing, custom proguard and custom applicationIdSuffix.
Here is the full list of overloadable operators from MSDN.
Seems like you'd have to know it in advance to get the appropriate context options (unless you just assume that the first context option array is the correct one) but what if you weren't going to know it in advance?
\n\nThe parking is adequate, you do not have to worry about trying to beat the other crazy shopper for that one last parking spot in front of the food court, and since it is at the end of the mall, I could always use the extra exercise.
For this you need to use To get a particular view to take focus, call To listen to certain changing focus events use a Keyboard button You can use for handling that extra button on your keyboard.
The staff is very helpful and can special order anything you need.
Have a look at the function , it tokenises a string based on an array of characters supplied.
Connolly's is a great Irish Pub with no food, but great bartenders and an even better time.
pendingRecords[i][0] is the new Sales OrderID (SOID) and pendingRecords[i][1] is the old SOID (now the SourceID) Any help on this one?
The only reason to update to Apache Flex at this point is if you need features introduced in a later version of the Flex SDK.
However it all worked out beautifully.
I'd say it's vintage bookstore chic, but your opinion and description may differ.
If I tap 'Next', this is what my output looks like...
Extract DataTable values using Linq "C#" I have a datatable dtRecords with values like this: RollNo Name 120 john 121 johney 122 sam I want to add those values in a list box like the below format.
Wow, this antique mall seems to go on and on forever.
Take a look at this example: The main problem you have is that str is pointer to a char not a char, so you should assign it to a string: When you assign it to char, it remains 0 and then the fail bit of cout becomes true and you can no longer print to it.
here is my example where I don't need to serialize, why not?
Don't be distracted by packages that contain only one or a few types.
The error doesn't seem to have any side effects, but it makes me feel bad.
How to remove a directory when the cron job is within the child directory I am new at Linux and I need to setup a script that after the work has been done using a cron job needs to delete the working directory.
\n* It's an experience to go into an independent movie rental store.
I have a controller in which there is a "viewless" action.
One solution is to create a version of your network that is truncated at the LSTM layer of which you want to monitor the gate values, and then replace the original layer with a custom layer in which the stepfunction is modified to return not only the hidden layer values, but also the gate values.
From what I can tell, there doesn't seem to be a way using streaming to send certain records in output file A and the rest of the records in output file B.
The food, also same, if not improved.
Could the interior be slightly updated?
I travel for work and it was great to check into my room, find Rosati's on Yelp and have them here within 30 minutes.
You are trying to use it from within the same database as you created it.
The crowd of people in there provided for a quite interesting people-watching experience.
When I brought it in he took a look at he said there wasn't enough fabric in the seams to let it out.
Is there something wrong with me OnLocationChanged?
You can do this the way mentioned by Pawel or if you really need to use the control object:
Basically, what it seems like, each listing is being displayed one at a time, not all at once when they are all loaded.
One often used solution is to have pipes as a communication mechanism from worker threads back to the I/O thread.
The variable is exposed to the following tasks as an environment variable.
The sandwich was good, though it might have been better toasted, and the bread is a little thick.
My preteen daughter who normally only likes to brood in her room even enjoyed it.
From in-room dining to restaurant options you will not go hungry.
I also greatly appreciated the student discount.
However, they're open late, and some of their pre-mades, like the Cripple Creek are just too good to pass up.
If you're looking for trendy, loud or flashy, look elsewhere.
I ordered the local famous burger.
Here is the method I fill data to datagridviewComboBox: Here is the picture when row just added to datagridview When I click in to this datagridviewcombobox, It show the index 0 and show dropdown
There are always more than enough cardio machines so you don't have to settle for your 2nd, 3rd or 4th choice.
But when I switch for example, to a different page, and return, the lightbox crashes.
Imagine a Primanti's sandwich but with a big, fat burger.
And the price is extremely reasonable.
It takes a lot of effort to put things in database.
It would probably be a good idea to use that object to perform the submit.
I think I've been there almost every month since there's always something there that I'd love to have and it's right down the street.
How to return a verbatim string from ConfigurationManager.AppSetting["settingname"].ToString() I am using the method to get the path to the folder that contains the files I'm needing.
Quick service, amazing coffee, nice vibe.
The veggie quesadilla is quite good.
Of course I chose a Southern Tier 2X IPA and he chose a Yuengling, Rose knew all of her regulars and was friendly with everyone.
Python 3 as function would add 1 more char for closing paren.
Since this summer, I actually had to PAY for wifi which was outrageous for me since it's offered free wifi in the past.
I had the salmon salad, which our waiter recommended, and was delicious, and my boyfriend had the filet, which he has never been disappointed by at any Cap Gill.
This place is exactly what you would expect.
We hung out in the slightly crowded bar and had a few drinks while we were waiting.
\n\nExcuse me while I enjoy my nuts.
The only negative things I can say about Casbah is the high price for relatively little food and the misleading name (I expected more of a Middle Eastern menu and vibe).
Laravel 4 - ErrorException Undefined variable Trying to bind model to the form to call update function, but model is not found.
\n\nRegardless, the Old Fashioned was solid - very good, actually.
Your custom events along with the desired data are communicated as json over whatever protocol socket.io might choose.
Wow, this place has good pizza!
I religiously order the same thing at both locations and it is excellent each time: the turkey rachael on sourdough instead of rye.
Wish they had one of these in San Diego.
I need to run async method simulateously in more than one thread.
They fixed the very minor issue and I was out the door in no more then ten minutes.
Every time I have gone there has been a different band and that is a plus for me so I can be exposed to varying sounds and types of music.\n\nThe mellow and laid back nature of Blue is very calming and soothing after a wild night downtown and gets me in a calming and peaceful mood before ending the night.
I was more than pleasantly surprised to find several veg appetizers and an inventive vegetarian main on their exclusive menu.
They also have a small cooler with about 150 different varieties of beer that are already chilled for your liking.
The user will get the "this application wants access to the GPS" message right away, so they will have more time to "approve" before seeing the mapview.
I have come across many situation where many prefer to store it to database, be it mangodb or others.
With linq and EF, I want to be able to get a Product with all of its associated Tags in one round trip to the database.
I'm yelping a layover with 4 stars.
From there it's pretty easy to convert them into any other form, at least in Python.
I'm really not a fan of it for some reason!!
I had the barbecue bacon burger which was fantastic.
Not bad I'm assuming this is the hub for us airways since the entire airport is for us airways.
these were gobbled up by the 3 of us!
in order for nHibernate to manage the relationships for me in a mapping table, I believe I have to set up a many-to-many association and add the Tag to the ContentBase.Tags collection and then the content item to the Tags.TaggedContentItems collection before the mapping table entry is created in nHibernate.
I know a good one when I taste it, but can never seem to remember the names and years.
In the lobby of the Westin.
Error while calling AsyncTask within a gesture listener Right now, I have an Activity that displays 10 listings from a array.
We then had roasted octopus and the scallops.
I've read the following threads which were suggested as similar questions and none of the variations in my code helped: (No gzip in my case, the files are plain s) (Tried first two top-rated solutions, neither worked.
The login process is asynchronous, and any functionality that requires you to be logged in (searching is one of them) will fail before login is completed.
I then imported server generated certificate to client trustore.
My test site This is the code I used to register the widget area
We also tried the Bucatini with meat sauce.
EDIT: The above instructions do not do everything required.
Matt's is a great stop for lunch.
I've heard a bunch of good things about this place, so I decided to make a trip over there on a Sunday to check it out.
Try forward declaring the type before the function's forward declaration.
To answer you question as to why PHP defaults to a copy instead of a reference, it's simply because of the rules of the language.
My attempt so far: First of all I have I commented PHP form action: Next up is the form itself: And for the dashboard I use: This is just a prototype to get my head wrapper around the task ahead of me...
You MUST get the horseradish cheddar spread - you'll breathe better for days!!
I wrote myself a little C# application with an async server and I understand most of it, except for the following: So the server has a port it listens on for connections then when it receives a connection it creates a different socket to do the communication on.
Also keep in mind .getAttribute() method returns null if no attribute of the given name exists.
In .Net world, this is called as Windows Workflow Foundation (WWF).
This means each value should be updated with the last value available.
Oh, and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as well stop reading now.
\n\nTonight I visited the College St.
Super fast service NY style crust pizza was great and crispy.
This is my first time here and definitely not my last.
What do I need the ri documentation for?
The beers on tap are minimal and pretty safe bets with a few more to chose from by the bottle, but not a beer snob Mecca.
Their dryers also come in different sizes, their largest can handle about four loads of laundry and dry them fast.\n\nHonestly, I don't go to the laundromat often, but I'm glad this place exists for when I do.
First of all, it's a terrific atmosphere - one that makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in.
\n\nThe cashiers here are so fantastic.
She consults me first and doesn't deviate from what we agree upon.
Brought some cds in to sell.
at stack.AImpl.class(AImpl.java:12) at stack.ABCModule.configure(ABCModule.java:14) 2) stack.CImpl has @AssistedInject constructors, but none of them match the parameters in method stack.CFactory.create().
The short ribs were unbelievably tender, and I also enjoyed 'the tower' appetizer.
Please order at least \""hot\"", don't be afraid, its not hot.
These 3 characters ( ï»¿) at the begin of the file are written by your editor, but they won't be displayed.
You could have thought I was a child with a brand new toy last night when Darren, Mom and I stopped here for a quick bite.
If the contract TestsResults is not a top level contract, I would mark it up as a DataContract with DataMember attributes only.
The rice was perfectly cooked and not too much either, just the right amount.
I love it here :) I love all the employees and the owners also!
Is there any command to fire mvn tests twice?
I had the Guy's version of the jumbot and it was delicious.
Based on what I've read on yelp, I tried the Pastrami.
I'd say this is the best cappuccino I've had since Italy.
I have a problem when taking users' JSON files and converting them to Data Model classes.
But you are getting great care and more than that, you can rest assured that they truly have your pets' best interest in mind.
It seems you want the behavior of It is a non-standard property supported by Chrome which behaves almost like .
I think this may work EDIT If you want this from an element inside the scrollView, If you are using an adapter then
in case of order-id- 1, we have 2 items as only two item id code, in case of order-id -2 we have one item.
If the markup is different, the client rendering times may change noticably.
\n\nThe food on the other hand is just your standard pub fare.
It's been a round for a while and there's probably a good reason.
The bar was packed and had only one bartender, so it was also very slow.\n\nThat said, the food was really AMAZING.
They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious.
I have a game start I've made, basically a oval, and I can move it anywhere with the keyboard key arrows.
My boyfriend enjoys brewing his own beer and the guys here are wonderful.
I come to Stamoolis for a few things: feta, stuffed grape leaves, and olives.
My husband and I stopped here on the way to MN a few years ago and I am always bugging him to stop here whenever we drive this way.\n\nThe MouseHouse offers some great WI items--cheese, beer, wine and cute gifts.
Not confident that this is the cause of your problem but screwy memory mgmt with strings can produce effects like your seeing.
Plenty of food places and variety of stores.
Me and one of my besties recently came here for a girl's night out on the town.
You can get a huge grilled chicken salad with bread and tzatiki for $6.25.
I know I want to set the somewhere.
I redeemed mine with my bf over the weekend, and the food was delicious and cooked well (see Holiday Groupon pic).\n\nThe restaurant was packed on Saturday night; I'm glad I called in a reservation.
Especially while they're working on the new garage construction.
Haskell is very good at chaining together functions like these, e.g.
The bar side, where I go almost every time is much more comfortable and cooler than before.
My date and I brought our own bottle of wine, which was decanted and gladly served by our server.
Have I found my new favorite date spot?
A dash of hot sauce and I was having the Southern Food experience I hadn't yet had in Charlotte.\n-Lowkey Atmosphere - I'll reiterate that as a solo business traveler, environment is key so you don't feel like a total creeper eating out alone.
This is my views.py: This gives an addition ORDER field which I don't want.
I can't change the test value.
I had to ask for them to make special accommodations, which the gladly obliged.
Love the salsa and homemade tortillas!
Every thing is kept clean and maintained - the staff is there for you when you need them.\n\nThe parking lot leaves a little to be wanted, but it is functional (if people follow the one way signs).
Pittsburgh is a town where \""bar food\"" means the exact same menu in every last place you'd drink a beer, with the fryer in heavy rotation.\n\nMy girlfriend and I both had sandwiches, and they were among the best I ever recall eating.
My guess, you need to add i=0; at the beginning.
I'd like to be sure the path ends with a .
It has to do something with the JSOn sending over and I am not to sure.
I created an AuthConfig which calls: then, in Views/Home/Login.cshtml, I created a button and lastly, in /Controllers/HomeController.cs I added: (For the sake of completeness, FacebookLogin result is a class that inherits from ActionResult and calls in the ExecuteResult() override.
There are lots of TVs, so if you care to watch some sports it's a great place to do so.\n\nThe servers are very nice, but on busy nights they can be super slammed and stretched thin, so you may have to wait several minutes for service.
\n\nSo, while renovating it never occurred to anyone to arrange seating with a wee bit of space?
\n\nReally, for the price, this is an excellent place to stay.
I'm only getting the children of the root for the created html DOMDocument.
\n\nI chose the sandwich with bacon and cheese and it was definitely consistent with the other times I have been there, but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol.
From your code, it seems you have just assigned values to sigevent, instead of using any where in code.
I've bought a few other items there, too...
Execute a SQL query With Anchor Tag please help to solve this issue, I have a Anchor Tag in my page.
\nAll week the ice machine on floor 23 and 24 did not work.
Invalid regular expression: Invalid group I'm trying to write a regex with a negative lookahead that detects files which end with but not with .
Some of the best non-traditional hushpuppies I've ever had!
You need to be careful that you have an open connection to the database already established.
Rare that service in your business is this good.
And if you like lady locks their the best I've had also.
Even my wife and I were entertained.
Any other suggestions for things to try?
I can't ask my users to use this functionality only for short formulas.
But as for Hans I'm truly impressed he is the man.
The peace of mind that comes from knowing you are doing the best by your pet is priceless to me.
I gotta go back before I can give an accurate picture.
I mean, if a client send a string to a property which is represented as int in my model, then it gives an error to user by saying string to int conversion can not be done.
You get 3 entrees and the typical sides for ~$16.
Try editing your query like this: And then your PHP code like this:
It's hard to say anything that hasn't already been said about this place.
I also liked their egg rolls and the sauce that came with them.
There you'll find specifies a directory to search for frameworks in.
I was impressed.\n\nSo much so that I can more or less forgive the slew of minor annoyances/inconveniences/nitpicks/whathaveyou.
I'm not sure what are you looking for, But if you have ssh access to server, I propose to use filesystem backup or some useful tools like innobackupex instead of mysqldump.
Please can someone advise how can I make it so that all three inputs are editable and yet still perform the required calculation?
or an idea I haven't tried myself yet, so no guarantees: Configure your live server to be Jenkins slave node, create a project that is bound to this slave and use the Copy Artifact Plugin therein: Adds a build step to copy artifacts from another project.
How to program a game loop with pausing?
It may not be elegant, but it gets it in one query.
Granted time is of the essence, but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!
You don't need an SqlDataAdapter and all the infrastructure required to work with if you just have a single value returned by your Stored Procedure.
I deploy the identical code to a remote machine running Apache/Mod_WSGI and my request time goes from ~0.155 sec (before I deployed the change) to ~.400 sec (post deployment).
When I run it returns nothing, even with on.
This is a good place for those of us who are trying to eat mainly vegetarian (i.e.
And now having gone there for a repair and inspection, I can just say, BEST MECHANIC IN TOWN.
To use a closure in this situation try something like then you can use it like
There must be a problem with your version/install.
1) How to modify this query to get 100 latest records?
By the cashier, there's a picture of him flashing a giant smile, flanked by whom I'm assuming are the owners.
Use one of these: Use an string literal: OR only at runtime will this resolve: On Unix
\n\nI NEED to go back soon so I can try more of their food.
Strongly recommend to fans of ribs.
Given that I have the following file structure, How do I use the third party projects by compiling them according to their CMakeLists.txt files from my own CMake file?
How to avoid program freezing when connecting to server I have a little script which filters those domain names which are not registred yet.
Good pizza at a great price.
They have a good selection of local foods in pretty much every section of the store and they are easy to spot because they are market with the distance the food traveled to get there!
There is even a replica of the original flyer flown by Orville and Wilbur Wright.
Glad to see this organization is focused on the needs of spirituality as well.
(in case you're interested, the app source is here -
MySql: How to reduce execution time of this Query?
For information, I used this link to make it work.
You can pick PHP or .net as technology to handle this task.
Not going to lie, I'm glad it was hibachi and not ice cream :).
Then they took me to a nook of the main floor, which is like a gymnastics floor covered in huge rock climbing walls.
You really can't go wrong with Casbah.
Whether getters and setters really are evil or not, old classic article in this subject , is up for debate, but at least having encapsulation in mind when designing entities is a good thing IMO.
Object Oriented JavaScript: the patterns for private/public All- There is a classic pattern of implementing information hiding in Javascript as described by the great Douglas Crockford here: I am also aware of another one I demonstrate here: And summarized as such: QUESTIONS Are there any other patterns beside these two that implement public and private methods and members in JavaScript?
It was one of the nicer salads that I have had with Gorgonzola, sunflower seeds and chick peas amongst the greens and a nice vinaigrette paired with it.
I'll admit that I am a complete widescreen snob, and this makes me crazy.
As you can guess, this Directory can be created just for the usage of your own application, you can build the Schema you want, you can install it on a Worksation or a server, it exists version that you can redistribute with your own application.
But when i generate the proxy class of the Web Service, then the exposed method expects a instance from the namespace instead of the namespace.
Process exited with singal 11 (segmentation fault).
This is my application As you can see here.
I am now to Stackoverflow .if i wrong to write Please guided me .
VS2008 on Windows 7 RTM with x64 compiler broken I am having trouble getting x64 compilation to work on Windows 7 RTM (64-bit) with Visual Studio 2008 Professional (both with and without SP1).
They have the best prices for them + they always take care of my orders in a timely manner.
To try something different we got the Seafood Hot and Sour soup also.
It had a few different kinds in it from seared ahi, to some tuna rolls, but the most impressive part was the presentation.
If you ORDER those records by the COLX Then another way is joining a sub query of Table B that also has a sub query that filters Table B records to only the records with the highest RANK.
Chose this place based on the previous review.
The \""brownie\"" tasted more like a cake.
(old-style-class) Use of super on an old style class (super-on-old-class) In my understanding, in Python 3 there does not exist an old-style class anymore and this code is OK.
I have taken below as input.
The C++ language places restrictions on some operators.
I'm building a QT application using a qmake-generated xcode project.
I avoid the other coffee spots on Walnut either because the staff ain't so hot or it's always jam-packed.
You need to convert to a byte array and put that in instead.
Not mentioned (at least in explicitly) is the fact that RSE (and for what I've seen, Eclipse in general) only seems to work with 1024 bit keys I also had issues, because my privatekey was 2048, but I added a new key to authorized hosts and then I could connect.
According to this page , the default stack size depends on the OS.
You can collect your list items and concat them using implode method:
Or any other ideas how to continue from this point Thanks!
the unchecked form data is sent to xyz.php.
We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious.
Grails template inheritance I'm trying to mimic template inheritance as found in Django with a Grails app.
You can accomplish the feat with limma, also.
This will search all the div's on the page for the text contained in and wrap them in tags.
Mine calls from inside , which would be an infinite loop if we aren't careful (once the board fills up, it can't go any deeper, so it's not actually infinite) Another difference is that yours totals stuff when it shouldn't.
It used to diff just fine, and all of the sudden last week this one file will no longer diff and throws this exception.
libxml has python bindings that you could perhaps use directly but they seem really hairy.
Here's a workaround: Replace all the 0s in Z by NaN, calculate the min, then switch back to 0: The output looks like this:
There are dozens of meat market dance clubs available in the Uptown area.
You should get a debugger working.
Self referencing schema for versioning I need to version documents in a collection, such that any changes to a document make a copy, and save the edited copy as 'current' and the previous version is preserved, along with time stamps, person editing, etc.
\n\nThis place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.
Inside it's a tiny greek diner, albeit some \""Americanized\"" choices on the menu.
You will be able to create Python scripts using SL4A and run the directly on your phone without "compiling" them, if that's your worry.
So I'm not sure if this is a practice across the board with taco bell or just this one.
You may also consider using a distributed VCS one like git, bazaar or mercurial.
I believe the time frame which it runs is device specific.
Connection refuse Watir webdriver with phantomjs I have a problem with Watir gem that is running in threads.
the independent apps can only depend on utils.
\nA quick word of warning: Tim's adorable, but completely ADD.
Check the rest of your javascript.
but think of it this way after that long walk you have a nice comfy bed to climb into.
Note you need to the fields from model explicitly, otherwise the join will only return fields from the model
You can check if the respective device has an app is installed using: Where is pre configured (have a URL scheme registered for your app in your Info.plist) So, if canOpen is means that app is installed and you can open using:
It is supposed to pass the imageview's image to another imageview.
This use to be my go to Panera Bread.
I lamented the fact that my favorite flavor was nowhere to be found - Fig.
This would result in every instance of the library accessing the same sub-module closure and therefore the same namespace.
The service was good, but a bit on the slower side.
The original source files will be the ones you selected, and the sourcemap will track back to those origins.
You have to import the module and use function.
The tile then moves on top of your player (because we forgot to code the tile not to).
Among other typographical niceties, this transforms various sequences of standard ASCII hyphens into appropriate dashes, e.g.
Wife and I had the fish, right tastee.
They also sometimes have flavored ice water in the lobby which was a nice touch.
The development machine are just using the inbuilt VS IIS Instance.
So for a surprise bday party, they were incredibly accommodating for the 12 people that I had invited and even allowed for me to bring an ice cream cake and borrow their ice box for it!
Overall though the smaller i can make this object the better.
but I did offer because I felt like it would detract from them getting 'weirded out' at my wanting to gawk at them like I bought a ticket to watch them eat hot dogs...
\n\nMy fish sandwich was so, so tasty and what I had been looking for since I went to Penn Ave Fish Company.
Different notification partials for different models?
One of the better meals I've had in CLT.
When I try to get the baloon popup documentation (tooltips) in the editor for JSch functions, all I ever get is (for example): No documentation about the command, what errors it can throw, etc.
There is nothing not to like!
I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
Here is a simple but somewhat dirty of doing this.
The lobster was slightly overcooked, but still tasty.
Once we were downstairs, the guy down there called up a female attendant so that she could show us around the women's spa area and gave us our slippers.\n\nI have to say, for someone who's been to quite a few nice spas, this was more or less par for the course.
Smalltalk's keyword-like syntax for method calls inherently defines the arity of the method.
If this was anywhere near where I live I would have my own table.
\n\nIt was 7:00AM in the morning...the Starbucks line moved quickly...and everyone was friendly.\n\nThats enough for at least 4 stars :)
How to compile *.lua files as resource library?
You want some smoked salmon and mushrooms folded into your freshly made omelet?
Just did an iPhone project hitting a REST service.
When you have multiple categories you can hit the grouping of a row or column and if you are having a matrix it is probably using a [SUM(field)].
Try changing this line: to So the regex will only attempt to capture as many as 2 virtual paths.
This solution also won't work for joins, since different tables can use the same column name but a different datatype.
Is there any way to prevent that intermediate output?
It is a relatively new addition to scipy.
Yes it will, assuming is a directory in .
I always looked for thrift stores like this in LA and SF but....hell no.
I go to postgresql.conf` and change it to yet still nothing.
I grew up in the Pittsburgh area and now have retired at the central California Coast.
There was a short wait for our fish, but the dining room was still packed.
Fresh and delicious everytime.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anybody who likes ethnic, or German/Bavarian food, or just trying new stuff.
I am now using python27, which I selected with I recently tried installing django using , but it got installed with the default python (I can check that by python_selecting python26-apple and importing django).
This is my code: Thank You
Totally worth any effort it takes to get there (seemed to be in the middle of nowhere, I had a couple mile walk to get there.)
I did this previously but decided to change how it works and now when I got to run any queries or connect to the database the whole page goes blank.
The fact one of our party was a 60 year old librarian (who really looks like a librarian!) didn't tip you off that we weren't there to rob the place or splash mud on the older works?
This call site requests a bootstrap method to bind a factory for an instance that implements the functional interface of the lambda expression.
I give the bobcats four stars but they are honestly at this point 3.5 stars.
I also am not a fan of refried beans, so I love that Fiesta has the option of black beans for all their dishes.
My mother had the shrimp burger special and said it was perfect.
how to override the page being viewed I copied the pages_controller.php to my app/controllers folder, then i created a view and placed it under pages.
Be sure not to mix the system variable path and the user variable systemp path.
Also, it's BYOB with no corkage charge.
This is how your mechanic should be.
Something like this should give u all the filenames in the folder, for you to manipulate:
The upstairs is usually open Thursdays through Saturdays, I think.
Oh and the couple next to us ordered an ice cream Sundae, it was ridiculously huge and looked awesome.
It's still open even if you've encountered an error or reached the end of file.
They are quick, professional and downright sunny every time I walk in.
I had water to drink, so my dinner before tip was just under $15.
Your short-hand property of background overrides the background, so you need to do like this:
My veggies were freshly steamed and looked like veggies, not a mush of frozen overcooked goop.
The six year old in our party (who doesn't like spicy food) loved the fried dumpling which was recommended by our server and one of the house specialties - three flavored chicken.
Yes, I'll definitely have some of those.
As said, a reference to a pointer to Class.
Apart from that, your question is easily answered: is not a tagged type, so object.function notation does not work.
The head chef here takes traditional southern food and puts it on a marble pedestal.
Hooters also leaves the \""tips\"" on its wings too.
Service went downhill there for awhile-they had some downright sullen people in there who used to get upset with us if we came in a half hour before closing, because they were wanting to clean up for the night.
To speed the process of building UI up and mitigate risks it is possible to suggest either involving UI professionals or learning more about the job yourself.
This should create a ajax form post.
The drawback is that you cannot access the user info (which might be desired).
Did I mention the chicken dishes are all quite good.
Rebecca (my usual reader from another place) for Tarot was great, too, but I don't believe she reads here anymore.
I installed IE6 SP1 manually, but Installer still crashed.
It's a nice change of pace from the over-sized mega bookstores out there and has a nice, small town feel to it.
You can't change your IP like this.
Food is excellent, service fast, huge portions, reasonable prices.
I liked it and the atmosphere of the bar.
Right now the game is fully working but I've used a Timer class in my code and I'm not sure if it's the right way.
Servlet filters as security for web aplication I want to do my own custom registration system like we have on most of web sites: User put password username e-male and so on After registration process tries to log in with inserted user name and passwords from registration form.
Not only are continuations monads, but they are a sort of universal monad, in the sense that if you have continuations and state, you can simulate any functional monad.
I set it to popup, But half of the time It seams to fail and I can't view the message view at all.
is, for this specific use, a kind of more "generic" approach, in the sense that we slightly minimise code duplication (calling vs from several different :s).
I am from Pittsburgh but currently live in NYC so I went all over NYC looking for the perfect wedding gown.
If a person can only appear once in each group (i.e.
Both, browser and webcontainer, persist their data over restarts.
The waitress was attentive but not to much!
Which is for dinner for a friends birthday.
For the holidays, you can purchase pies or their \""jewel bread,\"" which is basically a super delicious fruit cake.\n\nTheir prices on bread are about $4.50 to $6.50, which seems a little steep until I think about all the bread I end up wasting when I purchase store-bought loaves.
I cannot call something like because that does not work.
What's up with review of the Common Ground Co-op comparing it (negatively) to Whole Foods Markets???
I would recommend the Amtrak train to anyone needing to travel long distance through public transit.
Had they had these in stock, I suspect my quest would have been complete.
I didn't want to test drive it, because I know the history of GS (since I had 2 previously), but my salesperson insist that I do, so I took it around the corner and just like I thought, this is a car that really hit all the marks and then some.
\nHe had the diner stack, biscuit on the bottom, eggs scrambled.
References between Models and Views can be handled several ways.
Turns out I probably should have stayed at Jo Jo's!
Absolutely amazing I usually don't venture out and we went to a new restaurant and I got a new dish, Capitol chicken it was truly amazing, wait staff is always there when you need them.
There are important missing features (notably Jabber), documented on windows support, but the webapp is broadly usable on Windows now.
If you're still desperate to do this you could override the preferred size of the controls with the following, although this pre-supposes you're using a layout manager that respects these hints.
I'm not a die hard BBQ fan nor do I normally spring for it when I'm hungry but after eating here I may change my tune.\nThe ribs are amzaing, the meat practically falls off the bone and is so tender!!
I mean part of the confusion with recycling and why I personally feel people don't do it is because they're unsure of what to recycle and where it goes.
Instead you should apply these to the results of the fetch.
The function, applied to most objects, will emit a Python source-code version of the object.
The problem is that on launch, there is an error saying that the , which means that somehow references to that directory instead of my application's root directory.
When I open the project properties in Visual Studio 2010, the debug configuration seems to be a release one: is not defined, optimizations are enabled, the linked runtime is the release one ( and not ), etc...
I also enjoy the aloo tikki appetizer, as well as the samosas.
imagePanel Panel class: Main class test class:
And, you'll get a quality education at a good price (even though tuition keeps going up).
Similarly assigning values to one record requires a tuple, not a list: The other common way of setting values is on a field by field basis.
\n\nOk and not trying to be creepy or anything but their servers are absolutely amazing.
To create a Collector using its builder pattern is already given as solution.
I set devTool to eval as well.
\n\nGood entrees, good service, and really not as expensive as I thought it would be.
c++ boost split string I am using the method to split a string as this: I first make sure to include the correct header to have access to : then: and the line is like This is how I consume the result string vector: But why in the result I only get and , shouldn't be , and , there are (tab) in the string.
I would like to calculate the result defined as : result = A[0][0] * B[0] + A[1][0] * B[1] + ...
For details check this answer: <a href="
Change the JS code to only act on the first link not all sub links like below note link>a mean only first level
The servers were courteous and the service was pretty quick.
PS: Currently I am using selenium 2.3.0.jar file
Thousands of these words appear more than 10 times.
HTML Code CSS When I use single , this is what happens (Sorry, can't post images due to lack of rep).
But there are limitations: HCR only works when the class signature does not change; you cannot remove or add fields to existing classes, for instance.
From the chair at the front window I sat there and watched countless people walk up and down the streets of NoDa while also checking out a Kelly Slater ESPN special that was playing brought the window of Cabo Fish Taco.
The food isn't great, but it's good enough when you want steak and eggs in the afternoon.
Lunch plates usually run between $4-$7, so it's super cheap.
I don't think is a useful test -- ICMP packets are often dropped on the floor these days -- it isn't the reliable diagnostic that it once was.
Here is what google login screen looks like: you click it and a list of suggestions pops out.
The custom build type configuration is exactly the same on the two modules, and thus manually building the wear module with beta build type does work.
Not really close to being what you can get in Chicago, but decent for what is offered in Charlotte.
Noodle bowls could be a bit more generous or perhaps a bit less expensive.
\n\nThis is also the first visit since they opened the aquarium and rain forest.
Unable to find test driver at /host/chromium/src/third_party/WebKit/out/Release/DumpRenderTree For complete Linux build requirements, please see: Build check failed
Alright, so I braved this place yesterday (new years eve) and it was totally insane.
is a tool for build processes.
Bowling alley, arcade, billiards, xbox rental in the basement\n2.
I've shopped at a Kohl's store in several different cities and states and they all seem to be similar and that a positive thing.
I do admit the clothes here are not exactly at the quality that I want, but if you do stop by frequently you can spot some really nice items.
A more jqueryish way than using just regular expressions:
The reason your original version didn't work is because your JSON, when decoded, returned a map as the first element of a list .
I've read alot about this, but cannot find any examples that fit my issue I'm trying to solve.
The cake was beautifully decorated and tasted delicious.
\n\nA big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass.
Alla Famiglia is the best restaurant I have been to in the Burgh.
This place is a classic \""don't be fooled by the outside\"" place.
I started to read up on different design patterns like Visitor and Strategy pattern, but I'm not sure which design pattern to improve my code.
To access it though, consider using an ORM (Object Relational Mapper) to simplify things.
ORDER BY timestamp with NULLs between future and past I would like to order SQL results by a timestamp field in descending order with newest entries first.
You need to add some kind of filter if you're trying to find the record(s) with the latest value.
Also, the {@link} tag begins and ends with curly braces to separate it from the rest of the in-line text.
We love the Marriott because they are usually in great locations and are clean.
The only thing that really slows this place down is ice/snow.
The games are fun and the fans are great they are very into the game which fans should be.
\n\nThe only seating available without a reservation was at the bar, which is never a problem for us.
This is the feature that lets you to auto-merge different Auth Providers into the same account in ServiceStack.
I'm using r57 and confirmed with Firefox19 and IE9+ChromeFrame26.
Now you can access that database from anywhere.
The table is derived from the alphabetical order of the related model names, and should have and columns.
When they weren't 100% positive about something, they aren't afraid to ask each other for second opinions, which I appreciated when my dog Harry swallowed a corncob and had to have emergency surgery.\n\nThat's another thing I love about this place, is that they remember all my dogs names when I walk in the door.
\nIf you like fun, you'll like Heroes!
Try this one, instead of existing statement What your code does is: when modal is opened, execute the result from call.
Unfortunately, this will be an overweight summer...
The beds are very comfortable with plenty of pillows.
Check the Permissions section at You will need to add the URLs google web fonts are loaded from to the RequiredPermissions element.
retrieve real-time data from JBloomberg API I want to retrieve the time and the real-time last Price as double instead of having an output like from the code below
I wouldn't mind coming back here just to hang out if we're in town again.
\nThis airport is pretty large, but has moving sidewalks that help you get a little boost while going from terminal to terminal.
\n\nI've purchased other significant pieces of jewelry (e.g., husband's wedding band) at other high end jewelers and I've never received a card from them...they should take note of Helzberg and follow suit.
This is what the default does it passes all of the elements after the base URL to to help select the component and view.
We get the next DWARF dump: We have a variable , which have a type of .
The salmon was cooked perfectly, but lacking on seasoning.
Great little touch.\n\nFrom door to check, the service was impeccable, (thanks Page!) without being stuffy.
It's hard to hear what some of the actors are singing due to being way up at the top and not being able to read their lips.
webservices/ ---200-OK (I see the page of webservices/index.php webservices/something ---404 not found webservices/some/thing ---404 not found I guess the biggest question is how do I add the paths after I add the index.php (the level of paths should be dynamic) P.S.
My husband use to go to school by there and told me it was not good so that kind of stop me from trying it although I've heard good reviews from other people.
I went there this past Saturday night in a party of seven that included two kids (12 and 14).
yes, Cairo is a high quality 2D drawing API, and GTK+ uses Cairo to draw itself.
The problem is that there are no x64/64-bit choices in the Configuration Manager of Visual Studio.
The panel should have independent process so I implemented interface.
Best Elliptical Fit for irregular shapes in an image I have an image with arbitrary regions shape (say objects), let's assume the background pixels are labeled as zeros whereas any object has a unique label (pixels of object 1 are labeled as 1, object 2 pixels are labeled as 2,...).
The program is handling everything correctly.
Any who growing up on the west side of town, I loved going to beauregrad's to eat, from the salads, to the burgers everything is just great.
Here is example code in both scripts: Content Script: background.js: It will log 'working' as soon as the page loads, and for each button click after that.
What can I do about this problem?
Sure, the function like is .
first of all, here is how it works: to my understanding, this comes from the fact, that the property comes from the ECMAScript-nature of ActionScript 3.
i always get a burger and fries and some of their delightfully delish onion rings!!
Audiogram is a constructor and seriesColors are not used apart from this method Assuming that your statement is accurate, and assuming that you posted the entire constructor, the attribute (static or not) serves no useful purpose whatsoever.
I set up an appointment that was convenient for me and went about my day.\n\nWhen I arrived here to have my car viewed it was quite the easy task.
in my php which gets the date string from the database.
I hit the same link error using boost version 1.44 and the pre-built installer.
\n\nI'm pretty particular about the way my hair is cut because I've had the same style for years now and know how I want it cut so that it grows out well.
The lockscreen should start when on is turned on.
Did you want just the current domain, or the domain with parent domains included?
Thank you to the staff for giving us the gift card.
However, there's a implementation for references to types that just prints out the referred-to object.
Do you wish to get rid of the login page, and "automatically" use the user's AD credentials passed by IE?
However, every time I use $location in my unit test, I get this error This is what I have in my config file: And this is what I have as my spec.js file Using $state works just fine, and in the function $location seems to work, so why does using (or ) throw an error asking about $ when I'm not using an request?
Who thinks that the white button down shirt with the little black tie works in 2012?
I validate the tree using thousands of test cases for all labels, but sometimes the table with rules I'm using as training data have errors and some tests fail randomly.
The restaurant is owned and run by two brothers from the Green Tree area .
There were only 2 other customers in the restaurant.
Hands down one of the best Sicilian Pizzas around!
Their sandwiches automatically come with chips (which I'm never a fan of) but I was able to substitute them for French fries.
Look to your right-two businessmen shaking hands.
You can also check if the device can invoke the SMS app with
I have full insurance coverage so I always decline.
\nStopped in the other night to find Walking Dead (which you can also find at the Up North currently).
The variable is not visible in method.
You need to ride the shuttle to and from the terminal.
The ORDER BY seems to be related to the joinedloads, because if change the joinedloads to lazyloads, they go away.
If you want to embed .swf files using javascript, I'd recommend you to use swfobject.
There are tables for dining, a long bar for sitting and watching the game, and volleyball courts out back for summer fun.
I never felt uncomfortable in the store -- it just adds to the charm.\n\nIf you're a college kid looking for RYO tobacco and supplies, yes, Jon's stocks those items as well.
If your collection isn't a , you can still use the static utility in Eclipse Collections.
At this point I want a heading to slide from the right and another smaller image to fade in; each in their own positions.
Based on the example from the RSS parser , each is an associative array with keys such as and .
\n\nIt's top of the line cookware so it has top of the line prices.
Location of your database is /data/data/YOUR_PACKAGE/databases/ab.db You can find it on Android manifest file.
I don't know if the chalkboard changes at all, but it seemed to have the same items on it as the printed menus.\n\nI was a little torn by the options: red snapper, oxtail, curry, a stew, goat, jerk chicken...
\n\nThe rooms are always the same - clean, cool and with a descent view of the Queen City!
My use case is that I have a wizard ( to create/edit an entity.
Prior to this mechanism, you would have to override the built-in function.
There are few places where you get such great service with such HUGE plates of food.
The Ada.Strings.Maps packages would likely be very helpful here, particularly the "To_Set" (define the characters you want to strip out in a Character_Sequence) and "Is_In" functions.
The fish is fresh, and the service is friendly.
I didn't see that on the menu until I was leaving!
(In fact, I got one of my cats from Barbara, who was the receptionist at the time.) She set the standard of what I expect from veterinary care, and the office was managed by true professionals.
My problem appears when i need to pass parameters to the function, this is because functionBody may appear as a new Js script with global declarations and calls.
The Museum is located next to the Charlotte/Douglas International Airport.
For example, I want to override : ...with I don't want to have to specify an array of view paths (upkeep would be awful), but just add as a layer to the templating engine.
Then you can set a value to the structs member, but in this particular instance you're probably gonna want some more data members for this sturct to be of any use...
There is no "packed binary because the gzipped ascii transfer encoding would beat it anyways.
Is there a way to make PoEdit scan this portion of php ?
You can just use a Dart script for your settings.
Note that you have to return a to maintain const-correctness.
Can someone please correct my select statement, the below works selecting everything from table 'games' where 'genre=fps'.
- jenssegers/mongodb v3.0.2 requires mongodb/mongodb ^1.0.0 -> satisfiable by mongodb/mongodb[1.0.0, 1.0.1].
Basically, just add a layer of indirection: Now your service classes can take a constructor parameter of either or just depending on whether they need to be able to change the instance or not, with no more direct reference to the container.
I want the user to decide on programstart what type to use.
Never tried other entrees but their fries are nice and crispy.
Probably the problem is rather server-side.
Sit down and let me cook you something.\"" That kind of woman, who can cook me something anytime she wants, must be behind Mama Ricotta's.\n\nIt's very warm and inviting inside, with bright reds and oranges and fun paintings, while still being dim and intimate.
Food is fresh - seafood is yummy - entertainment is always good !
Plus, they charged me $0.50 for more sauce.
Redoing a extra merge and a accidental contribution from the wrong user I have the following git history that I would like to sort out a bit: The issue occurred by using a remote editor fixed to a different git account but that had permissions for mine.
Why is this transformation happening automatically and how can I prevent it?
I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, but my company has an office in the University area of Charlotte, and I often have to take colleagues to dinner.
They have so many beers on tap!
so with hashing you'd get cleaner ( but less meaningful ) names like this then you can add your unique numbers on you could even salt the filename with the timestamp first and then hash them to get filenames all 40 characters long, and the chance of hash collisions is very minimal unless your dealing with 10's of thousands of files, in which case just up the hashing to sha256 etc.
I was under the impression this only worked when "outsiders" invoke methods via the proxy, and doesn't necessarily work when one method calls another, as that method is a direct call inside the implementation object and does not go via the AOP proxy.
This does not work in VS 2013.
One of the drinks was iced coffee with orangicello and frangelica cream.
The ribs were the best I have ever had.
You can't actually modify/save the image in javascript/jquery (as far as i know).
However, they will only pause node if a debugger is actually attached.
Take a look at the Oauth Login Dialog that's presented to the user to authorize the application.
The cook even came out to double check how one of the customers really wanted her burger.
Find a JJR's BBQ Shack- the pulled pork is pretty good and the BBQ nachos may be the best stadium nachos ever.
You can do something like this, Edit: For your another question, you can do this..
hi its an old library try this library new twitter library
My project uses Asp.Net MVC, jQuery and jQuery-UI.
A also does stuff in the background BUT on the so if you have any time consuming things that need to be done it will hold up the UI.
We went Wednesday for my birthday, and it was great; the Italian nachos appetizer was one of the tastiest dishes I have had in last few years, and the bill was less than I anticipated.
Here's what I've looked at so far: It's Not My Routes The GET/POST issue would lead me to suspect a problem with my routes - except...
I have verified that no attributes are present in the AssemblyInfo (or elsewhere) that would cause this.
I ordered a Sapporo, calamari and tuna.
I searched for an answer and unfortunately I cannot fix this problem.
I personally would prefer the latter, since it does not impose the cost of copying the vector onto the caller (but the caller is still free to make the copy if they so choose).
Zend is more enterprise with lots of tutorials, but more difficult to grasp than CI.
Not sure if this will be helpful to anyone, but I did get this working.
I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides...
Being that I was hanging out in Everitt for most of my stay in Chambana - I got very familiar with Zorba's!\n\nWhat to say about it...
As its all pretty much out of the box, im flumaxed I also dont get the call to member function on a non object error it completely baffles me.
All the food is great here.
To use it, you need to register a converter.
And I wish they delivered to the downtown area.
After each iteration the loop update expression is executed and the loop condition is reevaluated.
The callback function of said popup list looks like this: When changing the value of dbclist while using the mask the command window always responds with: How can I get the actual value of dbclist?
It was so flavorful and chunky.
Imagine my surprise when JB suggested we go there for dinner one night!\n\nEverything was tasty - we ordered the assorted fried platter that came with mozz sticks (pretty basic but hey!
For example if I have a activity stream log, that shows all the actions done by the actors, and a actorscan make a specific action multiple times, how can I get the number of all the unique actors that have done the "login" action.
Pros: \nGood clean rooms\nNice lounge inside and out, fire pit awesome\nStarbucks and breakfast, service friendly and fast\nfriendly front desk greeters very accommodating\n\nCons:\nHear noise levels of the highway in room\nPrices of food is a bit steep\n\nFinal word: I'll go back and stay here when I'm visiting.
This page is loading some large dependencies and I was wondering if I could use the HTML 5 app cache to store these dependencies to avoid relying on the regular browser cache.
When I start the server a Servlet finds every resource on the network with bonjour and returns to the user.
here are things I tried But no matter how I do it I have allays error messages like these: As proposed to use latin1 Which didn't work So what exactly is the correct way to convert these fake str in bytes, preferably a solution which works on python2 &amp; 3.
I would suggest coming here for breakfast or brunch on the weekends .
I assume that selects the top element of a widget, that is, the table or a Telerik wrapper around it.
I am trying to make my private char variable accessible by the local functions inside the class so that I may display it inside Int main().
A thread must call LeaveCriticalSection once for each time that it entered the critical section.
I'm a fan of: It's sort of funny how often that's useful.
A simple chicken poboy made right..
It has 4 floors to exercise.
Android doesn't deliver correct PHOTO_URI I am using a .
one of my dogs is a 10 year old chihuahua who weighs 3lbs she is no bigger than a can of soda with legs and has very few teeth.
I also liked their cinnamon sticks to death!
I just had to close the assistant editor and the debug area and then it magically showed up.
\n\nPRO-TIP: Go for lunch and your entree comes with a salad w/ peanut dressing, and rice- all under 10 dollars.
I also love buying grains, beans, etc.
Every time I come out this way to see family I make an attempt to stop in.
Best place in town for all your keys/synths needs.
Under 2s complement to make a negative number, all the bits are flipped (1s complement) and 1 is added (making 2s complement - two operations) So
On the other hand, if you want to integrate the data from the churches, then there should be one database.
I think a construction like this would do: in this case would return a boolean, of course, representing wether or not the form was properly filled.
The classes offered run will into the evening (8pm), a must for those who have to run errands after work.
Here's some example code similar from above that shows how to use a shared queue, and how to make the threads wait while you fill the queue:
socket.io does however have the logic for it and can be called this way 3.
My husband got a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks.
large enough to hold 17 girls for a big dinner party in the other room.
It also had salsa and guac on top with some cheddar cheese and my mouth is still watering for it.
When you call the method and other activity-specific methods are not called.
Turns out bits of the images do sometimes show up, but not always.
The result ends up being a radius in km and the centroid.
Probably it cannot find some required resources.
until friday and saturday nights.\n\nMost of the time its pretty relaxed and quiet.
One of the perks of being downtown is going to Brixx for lunch...
I guess you mean Vendor Specific Prefixes .
Uhm, theoretically, how would you know if it is unicode?
All other integer arguments are passed on the stack.
This was originally developed for use as a back-end to Compiere , which was built against Oracle and quite tightly coupled to it.
The report we want to generate would show all payments expected within the next month.
The french toast and pancakes are lovely too.
They have traded out the old stools that were screwed in to the floor, too far from your companions, and didn't comfortably turn to face people (who thought that was a good idea?) in for some admittedly less attractive but functional chairs, I'm a big fan of the lunch and dinner there--we'll add that more often to our walk-in list now,
There are no desserts.\nThere is a good selection of beer & mixed drinks -- nothing fancy, but adequate and fairly priced for your average sports fan.\nThe staff is very friendly and professional and are able to accomodate large crowds with ease -- given a little advanced notice.
Something like that should do the trick, even though your attempt seems correct in the first place :
The staff knows their stock very well.
In my votes table I have columns like , , , , .
They seem to offer a little something for everyone throughout the year.
Cheap, unpretentious, and, for this, one of my favorite breakfast joints in the country.
We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax.
there's something for everyone to do and this is in my neighborhood.
Then weights will update and update until error rate comes down.
I loved the long massage, and paraffin wax treatment, which I never got in any swanky Ballantyne/Southpark basic pedi that costs $20 more.
I'm using the Microsoft CDN until Google put the link up.
Perhaps it's as simple as this: you want to modify the , based on a runtime parameter.
I will always recommend Barrington's to anyone seeking a special dinner out.
This tutorial has good instructions as to viewing the filters themselves, but not to visualize their responses on images.
My girlfriend and I frequent this place as often as we can.
The coffee sizes were reasonably priced, too.
Since moving my kids out of CMS and into Anami there has been a significantly noticeable change in their enthusiasm for life and learning.
\n\nI now know not to eat green curry anywhere else!
msdn MemberInit msdn Expression Property -- This is close but this seems like it is doing the same thing as if i just use a select off of a query.
I'm sure the sound feedback has a lot to do with it as well.
If the order is important how can I change the DTD to make it work no matter the ordering of he elements?
The complexity of getting the right 'genre map' is (a single for the supertree).
You could stream data directly from Amazon S3 or first copy it to HDFS and then process it locally.
\n\nThey also have an online menu to order from, which is amazing!
The only concern is the unsanitary look.
I had my wedding there and I highly recommend it to everyone else too.
Was not disappointed, the pappardelle with sausage was awesome, pizza great, and don't forget the tiramisu!
The atmosphere was so relaxing and the service was great.
Nine times out of ten, I'll pick this place because 1) it's fun, 2) it's reasonably priced, 3) it's delicious and 4) it's fun.\n\nI love sushi, but I don't usually get it here because I'm all about the hibachi table.
OK....so when I give this place 5 stars...it's because this is as good as sushi gets HERE!\nReally, the sushi is simple, delicious, the appetizers are great, the service is always good...there are lots of great things about this place.
If you want that that head to a Brewers game in Milwaukee (NOT a Cubs game at Wrigley :p).
I feel like the quality of food and the presentation, don't quite match the prices that they are charging, but they had a great crowd and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves!
Such a nice change for a morning person like me since many things in Charlotte don't seem to be open early on the wknd!
It works fine, but the problem is that each time the server starts, the parent thread has to wait an arbitrary amount of time for the server to load.
For the main courses, all the adults had different steaks on the menu.
You need to use the bodyparser middleware: and then
Or the sequence must to have a sentinel value as strings have.
I'm a poor graduate student that has a very expensive diet.
The clientele (what I can only believe are Bellevue regulars) are polite and inviting.
Your viewing can be hampered if you get there late, so just get there early.\n\nThe Visulite gives you a unique experience for watching the game, one you wouldn't think possible in the city of Charlotte.
Not the restaurant's problem to solve, but I could imagine that those coming in who aren't on foot would like an easier way to leave their cars behind.
This is why is a safer choice.
simply create a inside of (here called ) then set the text with the variable.
This hike in price is so some guy can explain some basic rules to you for 3 minutes...what a deal.
On a mobile device, when a hyperlink is clicked, a blue box appears for a brief second.
Other than that, the views from just about every seat are good, the food choices are good, if as usual, a little pricey.
The clock/timer on the parking garage entrance was 6 minutes fast, and me being me, this mattered.
At the start of the thread execution, signal the event.
Rails app crashes when config.eager_load=true I have a Rails application and an Engine.
On nice days, the whole front opens as it is a garage door offering an awesome feel.\n\nStaff has always been polite and doesn't seem to mind students hogging tables for hours upon hours.
By applying you actually expose this function as a property of an object
The place looks a little rundown, but as long as they keep offering quality products with a smile, we'll keep stopping to shop.\n\n\n*For the stroller set* Just an FYI, at the time of this review, keep your diaper bag in the car, there is no changing table available in the bathroom.
What you need to use is , that or the full path: .
To get a dynamic select from the appropriate table, you can use a dynamic SQL finder.
The noise in this place is over the top, so much so that we couldn't have a conversation.
Note that in the above scenario, Each producer queue is a single producer single consumer queue.
Look with this post's answer to do it in CSS : Then, you can include the CSS rule with javascript .
\n\nBeside this, and especially welcome in the summer months is their Gelatto bar.
I can't seem to find anything in the documentation.
Once I have the two-dimensional matrix, I can use it to fill a : As you can see, the second table in row_column_order.pdf gives you the result you want.
for removing options from second box.
This kicked off the Italian Campaign which would last until the end of the war in Europe.
I gotta say, if you love fish, it's worth it.
If you're not much of a pork fan, I would go with the Chicken-katsu.
Easily one of my favorite local hangouts, Dexter's is a \""dive\"" bar without the \""dive.\"" The beer selection is wonderful, bartenders and staff are knowledgeable and attentive, and the food is well above typical bar food standards.
We placed our order for food and while I ordered a side salad in place of fries with my burger--- and it didn't arrive that way---it was quickly corrected!
The children's version is served with mashed potatoes on the side, while the full-size meal is served over a bed of mashed potatoes.
Unfortunately, when I arrived the girl at the check-in counter told me that I could not have all 5 rooms at the discounted rate, that I could only have two of them.
I want to take element individual actions at the time an element expires.
(see for more info on why this might be happening and what to do to fix it).
You have to create it explicitly as a folder.) This directory with name is treated special by GWT.
That works fine if used inside an action or in the view, however while using it with the before_filer it's not working.
Once you have this search and you have matched what you want, you can replace what you want to replace and re-send.
More detailed documentation on Windows parameter passing is available here , including examples.
The code below will demonstrate some of the issues I'm experiencing with threads.
But here is no out of the box way integrating this in Spring right now.
The apples were sliced a little too thickly for my liking but it was a darn good slice of apple pie and that's coming from someone who makes an out of this world homemade apple pie.\n\nNeedless to say, I didn't get much work done that afternoon because I could barely move.
The bagels aren't too bad......they will make due until the next time you get to New York.
I do like the fact that I can drive in, grab dinner at a nice place and then go to the arena without hoping in and out of the car since everything is walking distance.
It was good, and the portion was a really fair size for the price.\n\nI then moved onto the Key Lime Pie martini.
**$2.25 Tecate cans on Thursday nights.
They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.
But if def1 fails, def2 must not be called as it will fail also.
Goals with same conversion rate I have a problem with my Google Analytics goals.
This means that you can actually, inherit from a diferent model, solving your nead on loading a model into model.
Java plugin library shading I'm building a Java based HTTP Server with a bukkit-like (minecraft) plugin system.
Right when you walk in, you'll find a rack of the newest releases on your right hand side.
This is a typical reason why accessors/properties are good to avoid if possible.
Power BI Team, Microsoft Get started using Power BI APIs on the Power BI Developer Center - Keep up to date with the Power BI Developer Blog -
Needless to say, it was more than enough for me to eat on a nice Sunday morning.
\n\nThe price is great and the silver dollar pancakes are soooo good.
I tried creating a unique "hash" of the album name using the time created and the name, but is there a better way.
I am ooking for ways to collect 2 things What users is doing, user action analytics Error that users may be facing, collecting a log file or some other strategy.
That actually matches the whole string: However, if the first regular expression token captures the whole string, the rest of the regular expression fails.
So this for loop doesn't do anything.
Prove: Arbitrary tree (NON binary tree) can be converted to equivalent binary decision tree.
I've tried a number of other Thai restaurants in the area and this is my favorite.\n\nI often bring friends and no one has ever disliked their meal here.
Definitely a great way to celebrate Oktoberfest!
I'm amazed that I just learned about this place.
If you are dining in- your portion size of Pho will be larger.
Things like abstraction ("what" instead of "how", essentially "public" API), coupling (the degree of how dependent a package is on other packages) and cohesion (how interrelated is the functionality in one package) are more important.
However if I negate the filter condition, I get zero results back: Confusingly, the Apple docs list the name of the field as (with an "s"), while their sample predicate is filtering on (without an "s").
\nI'm SO glad I brought it there.
My friend enjoyed the wild boar very much.
My boyfriend ordered the Thai Beef Salad and I tried the beef and it was amazing.
Their fried chicken is great as are their side dishes including mac and cheese and mashed potatoes with gravy.
Can you help me to get it done?
(once every month) I've had good experiences all four times that I've gone.
I have lunch here all the time.
In my app i am having one image view which is containing the profile picture of a user and on this image view i am having one another image view which contains the picture of product.
To drink we had a dirty martini (best I've ever had) and the French Horn.
However it doesn't work, I know it may be due to the property, because I am not sure if I am pointing to the proper bean.
When you call the generated code class you then should be able to access the property which you have added to the other part of the partial class.
You did not steer me wrong.
sensu-client is failing during start My sensu-client is failing during start (fresh install) and doesn't show much despite me adding into .
Consider switching to the functions or using PDO.
I want to add a delay to the background image when hovered.
If I hit Ctrl-K, Ctrl-X and open My Code Snippets I can select my snippet.
They also filed everything with my insurance company, which is great.\n\nI also love that they call and email to remind of upcoming appointments.
I updated the source code below with Robby Pond's suggested: Replace EditText timeEt with TimePicker timeEt but I'm im still unable to run the code shown below.
Can gradle script property extensions be shared between different scripts If there is a build.gradle file as follows: And Other.gradle has: I get an error saying: Cannot get property 'hello' on extra properties extension as it does not exist Is there a way to share property extensions between the scripts?
Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
Your analysis is definitely correct about where the click event is trying to bind.
I finally went and in and was mad at myself for waiting so long before finally going in there.
If any advice could be given on using if statements based on another column within a dataframe, I would be most grateful.
I suggest doing your publishing via TFS Build, that way you can ensure that people aren't publishing code that you don't have in Source Control, and it's easy to setup email notification on Build Completion (using TFS Alerts).
Now since there's only one projection matrix, how do I achieve three different custom cam views at the same time?
Talking with them is talking with peers.
I wanted to take one home, but didnt have the guts.\nSushi is always enjoyable, even though it is no longer being prepared at the sushi bar.
\n\nBut I digress - the airport...
they carry real theatre makeup here too which is very handy if you ever find yourself needing to go onstage.
So this made for a nice, quiet, charming evening after the day's noise and hustle.\n\nI ordered the Crawfish Etouffee and my date ordered the Seafood Au Gratin.
By SQL query or like that?
I was skeptical upon my first visit, wondering if there would be good sushi at a place that also serves many other Asian cuisines.
We will be back for seconds and thirds.
You should instead either use , , and for user threads (fibers) or for OS-level threads.
Well, my recommendation would be twofold.
Ranging from (25-80)ish per person, it is well worth it.
As hakre said in the comments and as it's stated here "Library class names and file names begin with a capitalized letter" I changed the file and class to start with C and that fixed the problem.
Loved it, and I'll definitely be back.
great cakes and pies and the chicken is what I live for..!
So I was wondering if anyone out there know of any existing solutions to this?
Having traveled up north on many occasions, this wasn't the first time I was surrounded by Packer fans.
I do wish Reyna was bigger, but I shouldn't complain.
I miss him terribly every day, even though it has been years.
so at this point of time i tried different approaches to make that JSP compilation error go away but was not successful.
That's why I only give them four stars here.\n\nBut overall, I'm a fan.
- Find elements anywhere; look for elements directly under them, and take the attribute of such elements.
It's good food, and not just by airport standards.
My code is below as is a link to a jsFiddle demo.
Cookies would be too dangerous (users can modify their rights) You can cache data with Cache class in Laravel 4 to compensate too many queries to your database.
Rather than rave about the other 2 great experiences, I'll touch on the 2 so-so experiences.
Yum!\n\nIt's been a family tradition to go here for the teppan tables for anyone's birthday.
The problem is if I shake in one view controller and try to shake in other controller the gesture is not detected unless some action is performed in that controller.
It fits my son perfectly!\n\nMy daughter is into 80s fashion right now (which is strange bc I was too in the 80s).
Add "Rubber Band" effect in android while changing background of application I am working on the application in which: User will have a control to change the background and text (multiples) by doing horizontal swipe for BG and vertical swipe for text.
It also has an adequate amount of weightlifting equipment.
Note: This will turn POSTs into GETs for remote-domain requests.
A quick and dirty way to do that would look like this: It's probably also worth noting that you can get the to handle your commas for you if you get a little clever with your delimiter:
What I would like to do is a simple step interpolation.
I think what you want to customize is , which is a function that takes a filename, and returns a modified version of the filename to be displayed.
The "offender" can be found in .
I am guessing that might be the reason.
I love this place and that it's so close to where I now work.
Tracking Executing Threads I am trying to figure out how I can track all the threads that my application is spawning.
The "paradigm to efficiently design this kind of scenario" is the relational model and you are designing in terms of tables because you are working within that paradigm.
Obviously you can't get better than that, because that's the size of the matrix.
I will definitely order again just because of the service from their driver.
You must render inside said callback for the data to exist.
I needed it done on a short time line since I live out-of-town and was leaving soon.
The restricts us to just the groups in question.
And butter served at the right temperature, that's a novel idea!
Almost every surface not walkable in the building is covered in decorative dishes so dense that your grandma's cabinet just shed a tear.
Once a modest selection of vegetables and granola, the co-op has expanded into a full-service store boasting an espresso bar, salad bar, bakery, bulk food section, stock of local produce/meats/dairy, and beer/wine.\n\nPeople with dietary restrictions and health preferences can find all prepared foods labeled in detail (and organic ingredients clearly indicated).
You may need to split the information into separate lists to enable access control.
When you to go save the preferences, save like: And no: I know how so much is important the SharedPrefenrences in some cases.
There are times that I would like to reset the timer for say user 105, without them clicking on a link, with server side logic.
I'm sure if I drove far enough outside of Minneapolis I'd find a place about as awesome as the Green Lantern.
Ex: in file There is 2 methods with different arguments And when m call another method with the use of selector as: How selector knows to call which method !
You can use but you will need some more and stuffs for looping on key-value pairs.
I tried urllib.unquote() on the result from the query but that didn't help.
The food is always great and the service is fast.
This is a true old school drive inn and you eat in your car, which was a negative for me.
Typically there's a lot of moving around a single area, so you're usually only moving small amounts of text at a time.
Answer : The update method was getting a wrong argument from its calling method.
Here is the list of files: There is files in directory : When I use that gcc-line I get a lot of linker errors: Maybe, I have to specify somehow the files from .
Your script is looking for a DOM element with ID "overlay" which does not exist.
Crisp on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside.
I had the good ol' Hurricane (didn't seem too strong to me) and a fellow diner had the \""Seventh Street Stumbler.\"" Both of us enjoyed our drinks.
If I need a small ecommerce site in the future, I will use that solution again, for sure.
Then I would assign and use those variables in my other modules in the same workbook.
\n\nAmazing date place if you really want to impress.
I like that they don't take reservations.
I've always been pleased with the sushi, as well as treated to a few of the chef's off-menu creations every once in a while.
\n\nMake sure to enter this store with zero expectations, no particular items to buy, and an empty home.
PSA: there is a groupon for this place that is valid until May 2015!\n\nBurger was good.
I've attended about 3 or 4 events here over the last few years.
For a level loading system I am writing, I was hoping to have the setup of loading the texture data and collision data from two separate files with the same name (level1.png and level1.col) where the collision data is simply a text file.
Finally use a substitution to generate the canonical output you desire.
\n\nThe Levine Museum has a focus on social history.
Is there any way I can manage the download myself, to the OS download folder, so that it appears when user goes to the "Downloads" option in the Android menu?
Perhaps something like the mod_rewrite method mentioned above?
The seafood dinner was done perfectly.
How would you go about writing and what plugins/input formats would you use for this module.
Large but not too large, a little bit messy, and just the right amount of toppings.
takes an optional parameter of , which can be a post ID or a WP_Post object.
Anyplace named Bubba's is a place needing a visit.
How to find the beginning and ending indices of groups of ones in a set of ones and zeros How would I find the beginning and ending indices of the groups of ones.
I think you are looking for this: The email notifications are for free, but to send SMS to your mobile it is not for free.
UIViewController no longer has members topViewController or viewControllers in XCode 7 After updating to XCode 7 and converting my project to the latest Swift 2 syntax, there is one error I cannot seem to fix.
symfony2: class loading/namespace handling - difference between prod/dev environments?
Cheese Curds are a must, and are available in a variety of flavors.
Now if you are worried what it will delete, just change it into And look at the list.
I know I can go back into the GUI and do this, but I want to be able to script it.
I know that an IoC container could help here (such as Unity), but is there any IoC container that can resolve generic types at runtime?
If you like free peanuts and popcorn..don't pass this place up.
I have been going there for about 4 years.
It's really, really good.\n\nHeres what we had to eat last night:\n\nthe tomato and mozzarella salad.
Fast check-in at the ticket counter and pretty seamless through the gate.
She was there last year when I came in and I was not a fan of her, she wanted me to do more to my car than what was needed - I said no to all of that.
Beware, the method using AllUsersWebPart tag in elements.xml , shown in links like this one ( work, but if you deactivate, then reactivate your feature, you just have double webparts in your future pages based on the layout.
Just that, because of your new database schema you'll have to set the table name for the particular model.Also you can use the alias_attribute method, to so you can continue referring to the old attribute names even if you have changed the column names in your table.For ex:
I think the easiest way is to map the id to the name directly where you use it, as follows: assuming that converts to .
(I agree with the comment I saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse!)
Yes, this place is THAT good.
I'm going to assume you don't know what this is as someone familiar in how it works would instantly tell you that this is why you're getting different results every time.
I try to upload some yaml files with carrierwave.
They're surprisingly vegetarian friendly for the amount of meat they have on their menu.
This taco stand is so amazing that I'll pretty much eat a taco here during a hurricane....if those happened in western PA!
the service is always great here.
ID) and the value is the value of that property.
If this is not possible, then @ each 500th line the file reaches to 40KB, so I think this would be easier, every 500th line append the Next available "Particular String", and split and process above command, if file is less than 1000 lines then only 2 split and no need to append in the part2 as already it has one in its eof.
Not a good place for young kids.
How can the next execution of the function occur after the previous one has finished?
Move should be outside of will solve your issue.
If you want to taste a beer on tap, just ask and they will bring you a little to try.
You can use the "read-more" to preview your articles in your blog.
Very good lunch and would come back to try the dinner menu.
I would also propose Solution 4 : write a code generation tool.
The meat is so tender, the spatzel nice and buttery (their spatzel is more like long thin noodles, not little pellet shapes BTW) and even the green beans were nice and crisp and garlicky.
Cain's is a well-priced smoke free 1/2 bar 1/2 sports restaurant hybrid.
Not a traditional gumbo by any means.
Fresh, authentic, all natural ingredients and very good prices.
Try writing your code in MotionEvent.ACTION_DOWN , If this works for you.
The menu seems to change by season as well.\n\nSoba's wine and whiskey selection is extensive--10 pages for wine, 4 for whiskey.
Lotus catered a couple of friends' wedding so I called them to give it a try, though I had not been there before.
Probably one of the most underrated Chinese restaurants on campus.
You might try something like: Keep in mind this is case sensitive and ignores whitespace, so you will need to add case consideration or trimming if that's an issue.
I have a page with a form using INSERT that successfully uploads data to my db.
how to execute the stored procedure in hibernate 3 I am new in hibernate.
Being crowdsourced, there are lots of issues.
As a result of this error, the homepage of my site has vanished.
The parking is on the street (which is usually pretty empty after working hours), and the ambiance seems to have perked up a little bit with what I think is a new coat of baby blue paint and some new flowery table cloths.
She was friendly, talkative, and informative about the new x-rays machine that they were using.
Charles and Diane , to me these to people could run any type of business , weather a coffee house or IBM.
Order your drink, order with a waitress, drink some more, get seated an hour later and enjoy.
They are in the middle of a renovation to make it even better.
One of my cleats from my cycle shoe got stuck in the bike yesterday.
So of the protocol is not intended solely for use by :s (or subclasses thereof), then the solution above isn't very generic.
I will explain how solved this problem.
A Zorba's gyro is heaven for the tastebuds.
There is only so much u can fit in those tight cells.
Loved it!\n\nI know NOTHING about go karting, cars, engines but my boyfriend who loves stuff like that brought me here for date night.
After doing a flash googling i found this site that look like promising to solve your problem.
Change management in WordPress I have a beginner question.
I've now taken about 27 of these classes.
You may install an additional extension like rights, auth or srbac (see list ) which provides a web-interface for this task.
Unfortunately though, since \sigma has a global scope, I need to reset it.
Please help me in resolving this issue.
You can go to Harper's with a date or friends or family and get a great upscale meal at a reasonable price.
They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping.
There was still a wait for a table, showing that the place is even more popular now!\n\nMenu recommendations:\n\nPork Carnitas - I challenge any one person to finish this.
Create a reference and then add foreign key to maintain referential integrity.
Using Google Cloud Print you can make your printers available to you from any Google Cloud Print enabled web, desktop or mobile app.
Had a party there on Friday night and it was great.
I let it go, and made a dash for home with all haste.\n\nBeyond that, the staff there always struck me as sad and apathetic, trudging through the day, one day closer to retirement or eating a bullet, whichever comes first.
Is the last bullet point listed above really the only clean solution?
I've tried using attributes of the button like button.tag or button.accessibilityhint without much success.
just use without use class "required" in input field
Brides, they give away a complimentary bridal book with lots of great resources - it's pretty thick!
Whether I order a drink and read a book for an hour, or come with friends and dine sumptuously, I know I'll never feel rushed and will enjoy my visit.
Rounding error on percent of total and back A and B are integers.
First, the eggplant was fire-grilled, which blended so well with the curry sauce.
I tried removing all my custom HTML/CSS thinking I might be messing up Ebay's styling or something and it still it continues to do it.
The prices aren't coupon quality...but they're not horrible either.\n\nTry: Those buckets you fill with liquor...yes...the ones you've always rolled your eyes at.
This with be the "core" of a geothermal loop to cool my mac.
I've seen that happen mostly with Internet Explorer, but have seen it with MKMapView as well.
I downloaded the demo from the above link.
go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices.
Which version of VS are you using?
I finally decided to take the long walk across uptown to check out Fujo.
To make make FeedListActivity() a fragment...you must extend from fragment.
I only see my four Maven default directories ( , , and ).
\n\nMy big criticism is the set up.
Use Include method for eager loading related entities, like described here:
But I am currently obsessing over the seared tuna with tri-dipping sauces and gingered rice.
The socket as a defined , so that exceeding that timeout will close the current open socket connection to the client.
But there is a better way to write this code (if I am guessing what you actually want it to do)
\n\nI enjoyed Maharani last night again.
I have no errors in console.
How to render a Widget inside a TreeView cell with GTK# I'm developing an application with Mono and Gtk#.
It's a tad overwhelming if you don't know what you're looking for, but the staff is ready and willing to help direct you to a coffee bean that is perfect for your taste.
They've got cheap beers and a really laid back and relaxing atmosphere, which I love.
Sorry if this is a badly formed question, but I'm trying to make my web applications (using PHP) more OO.
Friendly, funny, and knowledgeable, he was one of the best parts of the whole experience.
With that being said, this place was a buck or two cheaper than everywhere else I've tried in a 10 mile radius.
I got the Chocolate Sin Cake, which the espresso and chocolate mixed together was mouth-watering.
\n\nI think there's enough reviews here to cover ambiance, so I won't go on about that.
If you have an object you've pickled, you'd be much, much happier dumping that object as Python source and simply including the source.
It is sized so that it is exactly large enough to contain its children.
The url must be place and must used the proxy url (without any subdomains).
Though not the best in Pennsylvania it had a pretty good variety of instruments and the prices weren't insane either!
We arrived at 5:30 on a Friday in Lent and knew we were already in trouble when parking was hard to find.
Box 2D / Farseer Physics Engine : You've probably heard of these before and thought "Oh, I'll just roll my own, because that sounds super fun!" And while programming your own physics engine can be super fun, it also takes an extremely long time.
I've put an example directive here: It activates on the attribute and inserts a checkbox column.
I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.
The best way to do this i think...
SOLUTION I ended up using this: I needed to add the (logical OR) and actually paste the ¶ symbol into the regex.
Sometimes it's nice to know your flour was ground and your asparagus grown close to home instead of shipped in from some unknown place.\n\nJust because this is a Co-op and you have to be a member to shop there, don't think it's some stuffy place to hang out.
You'll notice that I have a redundant line "Hello, I'm a server" for testing this purpose.
I literally have nothing negative to say about the hotel.\n\nHowever, the reason this isn't a 5 star review is because the night my wife and I stayed there, there was some kind of party going on at the restaurant right next door.
here both Customer class and Hotel class both are independent.
The minus: due to the way that Hadoop recovers from failures, you need to be very careful about managing what is and isn't run (which you can definitely do, it's just something to watch out for).
\nYelp asks if this place is good for kids ??
After reading the reviews, I was a little disappointed that we were not offered the alfredo cheese wheel as an option.
I came here last weekend to see Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform The Great Gatsby.
She understood exactly what I relayed to her and went above and beyond in doing a deep conditioning treatment and explaining what we could do next time to make my hair look even better.
But that didn't matter because we got to have a couple of tasty beers.
I want to validate this dialog will be shown, so I tried to mock the component, inject it into the panel and test if the method is called.
I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile.
But I haven't found the root cause for this problem.
So I copy the jap entry that was inserted right from phpmyadmin or from my site where the jap is displayed and paste into a notepad i notice that it paste like this...
Agree with the above, in plain english, your code will be executed like this: final List studentList = new ArrayList(); ParseQuery query = ParseQuery.getQuery("Student"); ------> 1.
I believe it's behind Outback off of Pineville-Matthews Rd.
Awesome concept, awesome music, awesome vibe, awesome 80's venue!\n\nI think this is my favorite new dance spot in Charlotte because it is so laid back and unpretentious, and I don't need to stress about my outfit and put on ghastly uncomfortable heels, and I don't have to worry about invasion of my personal space (i.e.
I love their house salad, their house dressing is amazing.
I'm also glad to add another one of those reviews.
Keep in mind, it's pricey over here so it's a splurge when you go, but worth it!
You may be able to pick something up from that.
Linux rename command but for dynamic values I have files on a Linux server for example: I would like to change them to: I cannot performo because those are dynamics number Can someone write me the solution?
Basically this is what I'm trying to achieve.
La Prima is an excellent, no nonsense coffee shop.
From python docs : Advanced usage: you can derive subclasses of Template to customize the placeholder syntax, delimiter character, or the entire regular expression used to parse template strings.
I had my two year old with me and the staff even helped carry out my order to the car without me asking.
Want a taste of the old ethnic communities of Pittsburgh?
But hey, you're there for bar food, right?
I would be very appreciative if you could lead me to the right direction here.
Staff is Awesome and know a thing or two about movies.
Both entree's were brought to our tables on extremely hot plates.
It's just a good old fashioned diner that's open 24/7/365, and you can have whatever's on their menu 24/7/365!
Some clarifications; By "framework" I mean something like Qt or gtkmm or python with a widget package.
\n\nI am looking forward to trying some of the spa services next time I stay at the hotel.
They've been very nice to accommodate my boyfriend and I even though we are not staying so I've had a few breakfasts here.
They did and they were good!
The regex you can use is like this: This finds: And, then you pull out the first matched group if there's a match.
One thing you can do is to use the interface (i.e.
I love it here and the smell is terrific :)
At one point a traveler joined her and sang along (talentedly ;) The floors are tile and there are a lot of high tables where you can sit and eat.
\nThe food has been consistent through the transition, which happened a long while ago by the way.
A delicious menu with a twist.
Perhaps I can use JS to dynamically resize the div and trick leaflet into thinking a resize event has occurred?
So the last time I went to a water park was probably when I was in elementary school and didn't really know how to swim (...
After sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks, etc., I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server.
To explain this code, I am opening a template doc, copying it to another name (the named file which will be downloaded), replacing text in document.xml, then replacing text in the footer.
How to make that regular expression for something like "1,3,5,2"?
According to the expressjs documentation - the module is in fact a function that can be used to create applications you could for example want to have several web applications listening on different ports.
Or if you're just pretty loaded.
I specifically need their include dirs, and potentially any libs they have.
The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can.
How optimal is the code for looping using this construct in general?
The quote was 850 for the brakes and caliper service and 1050 for the struts as they have to replace both (also true).
Lol we were up high sec 540 row 32 but still saw the field so no biggey.
You have an quite common mistake.
In a case where a company will require some form of alternate authentication for internal access, this will not work.
It's amazing how a remodel can make an establishment a much better place to shop.\n\nStill putting on a few finishing touches here and there, but I might actually stop in more frequently to pick up something quick to eat at the ready made counters.
Mysql ssl connection with real connect giving error I am getting this error while trying to connect mysql on SSL.
Remember, its Chinese, so stay away from the sushi, its not up to par with the rest of the buffet.
Furthermore, there's no indication where the code was when it yielded, so it may not be able to see those arguments anymore.
Don't worry though, the mother of pearl wall art is still there, and your chances of not understanding your server is still high.
I may be biased because I've been going here since I was a teenager but they are pretty great.
Problems: I have two coroutines for receive and send respectively but I am not able to multiplex them to execute concurrently via the event loop.
Just goes to show I'm not the only (extremely fanatic) satisfied customer!
Everything they put in looked great, and the workers did a very good job of being minimally invasive.
My thought is that the view you're passing to the doesn't actually exist in the layout, and therefore it doesn't render.
Huge, but if you squeeze you can get your mouth around it.
The second time I went I ordered Pecan Crusted Book Trout, which was also very tasty.
\n\nLet me explain, I just got spoiled, I was rewarded with delicious food, and I didn't do anything to deserve it.
Not only did we get some bomb-ass fish and chips, we got stiff drinks for cheap.
It doesn't matter if the rounding happens on client side before the SQL is sent to the database server or if the rounding happens on the database server itself.
Lots of beer options to choose from here from draft to bottle.
\nMy latest trip was on a warm Saturday night.
The most common is to use an interface.
How can Interface be implemented, by which it can be accessible from all the activities, and called from any of the activity to call SDK API...
That being said, that doesn't mean it isn't a great spot for lunch.
You will thank me as you're rolling yourself outta there!
Is there an example of this somewhere?
WF's hot bar has fed me many many dinners, in exchange for money of course.
You will need this for accounting reasons.
A good bar with OK food.
I assume you mean using SQL....
For comparing the price, I am using , it is present inside the .
To filter on multiple columns we can chain them together with &amp; and | operators like so.
I have created a ckeditor plugin that wraps the selected text into a span.
The biggest draw for me is 1) location and 2) hot cinnamon and sugar donuts!
Gradient Filling a PNG with Quartz How can I fill the non-transparent areas of a PNG UIImage with a linear gradient?
As I mentioned, my poker league plays here twice a week (on Mondays and Wednesdays, 2 games each day at 7pm and 9:30pm FREE) and we usually have crowd of 20-30.
No firewall or antivirus hits the spot - before it was running with no problem.
("Particular String" starts with some String but ends in different value).
Source plain text file is about 33MB in size.
Has a great location right in uptown Charlotte.
It was consistent with the type of upscale dining I have gotten used to in Boston and I was pleasantly surprised.
A couple friends ordered some sandwiches and they looked really yummy.
SQL Server 2000 didn't have analytic/ranking/windowing functionality -- neither does MySQL currently.
Here is a link with more information.
You can ask them to griddle the potatoes a little longer for a crispier taste, which I definitely recommend.
All you can eat chicken and ribs.
Perfectly steamed chickpeas with right amount of spice & cilantro!
That's why there is ability to provide lock objects - you can have several of them for several independent 's
And since FKs in the model don't exists as int IDs but rather object references, I am confused on how to implement it.
A friend of mine goes to Inferno's many theme nights, and the pictures always look like a fun time.
This is another of those regional interpretation issues, this was my least favorite today.
\n\nI definitely want to try a few other items on the menu, and if they are anywhere near the caliber of the jerk, I know I'll be very happy with them as well.
Nathan took the picture and made revisions for the specifics I wanted.
The aquarium area is a little nicer and brighter.
Since I've moved to Charlotte, I've tried the fried pickles at almost every restaurant I've been to, and I have to say..
Now I often need to fetch only one or two attributes of a document.
I think you can still create a Behavior though if you want to make it more reusable.
For example: It will print this: But i want to have the variables name as the index name or key name of all arrays.
Here is a simple snippet solution with which calculate shortest distance from source to destination node.
The possible values for x,y are those for which: x > 0 y > 0 x + y &lt; n In the plane Oxy this is equivalent to say that the point (x,y) lies within the triangle with vertices (0, 0), (n, 0), (0, n).
What could possible be causing this?
I been trying to solve this one for a while and can't seem to make it work right..
You can filter out certain types to refine this.
Original Pancake House's pancakes are great!
Highly recommend for dates and time with friends!
Even if I have to put quarters in the joint to park on a weekday.
That's why using as a break condition worked, and even should suffice.
Kasespatzle on the kiddie's menu rounded out our carb party and was super-enjoyable - sliced thin, like linguine, seeking a Fettucine Alfredo-style dish - I like mine more dumpling, but still satisfying.
Although I implemented the handling of most exceptions, application crashes on rare occasions.
A great place with plenty of atmosphere!
I have never used multi threading in windows service before.
Loved the thick lo mein noodles.
Doesn't matter if it;s lunch or dinner, peak or off peak times.
Does MPandroid CHart Library supports Stackbar charts?
\n\nIt was around 9:50- didn't catch names.
Easy to get reservations, prompt service, and DELICIOUS food!
Or you can set key value observers (KVO) on the singleton properties so they are automatically informed when one of them changes.
Why Can't you do some thing like below, Just fetch the user inside the closure.
One of them used to even sing a sort of ongoing gospel wishing everyone a safe flight.
Therefore, I would add this to your code before calling .
The bonus: Andy treats you with friendly hospitality and part of the Wholey's family.
The full code is here and LoadShaders (straight from the books website, so this should be out of interest) is here .
Again, ten of those in my possession would have been scarfed down in like 5 seconds.
Back in those days, I had not yet been to many authentic taquerias.
Also putting everything in one place is often a bad idea for a growing project.
The shuffleboard is a must to try.\n2.
From the .NET docs: Objects that implement the IDisposable interface can call this method from the IDisposable.Dispose method to prevent the garbage collector from calling Object.Finalize on an object that does not require it.
Your PHP does not have the LDAP extension installed or enabled.
I am struck by the numbers of Latino patrons, and I think that attests to the quality of the food here.
I've had no problems walking around the adjacent shopping center while I wait as well.\n\nI am also with Brian H.
From python's docs : iter(dictview) of (key, value)) in the dictionary.
But wait it doesn't stop there you walk into the bar area and BAM!
Probably the best experience I have ever had at the Gap.
All the auto shops were going to be closed for the holiday weekend, so I knew I had to get it taken care of that day.
Looks like the only other Partitioner Streaming supports is KeyFieldBasedPartitioner .
You have just forgotten the in this line It should be Then everything works.
Example of a console application example/tutorial: Uses an attribute to define your suffix, uses the enum value to define your offset.
Try this: You cell 4's text is overflowing but it is because you have a lot of or dots without a space so when you enter text it should be fine.
Try the original fiddle at top to see what I mean.
Am I missing something in my installation?
You can download the Visual FoxPro runtime installers here: Versions available for downlaod are:
It looks like you need to add script by calling ScriptManager.RegisterStartupScript method to show elements on page:
By the way, I tipped heavily because if they are only charging $20 for a hour's worth of work, their employees can probably use the extra.
Ribs are good, and I found out pretty quick that how fast you make nice is directly proportional to how much food you get.
\n\nI have introduced numerous friends to sushi at Umi that had never eaten Sushi before and now they love it.
A fix has been submitted which probably addresses your problem.
Is there any better way for the second query?
You should just consider using JButton but to answer the question: Try using MouseListener with BevelBorder for example: Examples: Not clicked: Clicked:
If you have the money or a special occasion to celebrate do it at Blue, you won't be disappointed!
As I was walking out the door I overheard the staff asking those waiting for tables if they would like to order a drink, which I thought was a nice touch.\n\nWe ordered 6 different rolls.
In investigating alternative fitness functions I came across some suggestions to use the YUV colour space instead of RGB since this is more closely aligned with human perception.
I have made it my business to try a few different things all of the items I've had were great.
She fawned over our daughter and made us feel comfortable.
My question is, can I change the "(?,?,?,?)" into something more dynamic like 'range()' to allow user input.
I think my favorite was the shrimp, veggies and noodles.
I'm looking for any default technique that can be at least a little smarter than a function-level hook that says "hey, the plugin highlighted this node...do what you need to visually compensate." UPDATE I have created a basic JsFiddle of this scenario to help make the discussion clearer: <a href="
The garlic bread was nothing special, just a loaf brushed with a garlic oil and warmed.
CPCC provides a great learning environment for students of all ages.
I just wish they could better plan this event, make it so that the people waiting to see this show come in on the other side of the building and let the other door be for those who aren't there to see the show, and those who just want take out.
Create a second file system task inside the loop.
I can't even pronounce half the items on the menu but they taste fantastic.\n\nMy only complaint is that sometimes the bread (naan) is fried, not baked, which makes for a much heavier meal.
All these other things from the soda fountain that are adult like enough for me?
The staff is always friendly, and even at their busiest you're going to get your order quickly.\n\nMy go to order has generally been the large chicken, however you can't go wrong with the classic.
This review is just for the bar, as I am local and live in Charlotte.
I want / only / a FLASH app to be able to use authenticated session when making server reuqests.
Update: This bug has been fixed.
Don't forget a reservation on weekends.
Open 24 hours and provide nice service.
Are there some standard performance tweaks that exist for me to do this type of optimization?
I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking.
I do not think it is that easy.
Up one level, they have couches by a fireplace, and finally in the back they have a closed-in meeting room available for groups.
As it is a good practice to make it immutable, I chose not to provide any setter, that might allow to modify it later.
Great place to grab a drink with friends, especially on ladies' night out!
Set up angular 2 Visual Studio 2015 I have been trying for days to get my project set up correctly.
It's only in the command line that you need quotes in order to disambiguate a string from extra command line arguments.
But when ever I Logged out and tried logging in, it would throw up an error saying: This app has no android key hashes configured.
Every client sends it's anonymous traffic data to the server and it sends the state back to all receivers.
\n\nThe food is awesome and the service is good as well.
Bonus tip: you can pre-order and pay for a drink during intermission.
The food is pretty good, but overly priced in my opinion.
D's is a fantastic place with food!
Most of the staff has worked there for a long time as well, and are good at their job.
The atmosphere and service from this restaurant were a welcome change from much of what we received the rest of our stay in Pittsburgh.
This seems like a poor implementation in DreamWeaver - but it did fix the issue for me, regardless.
I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer.
My sister and I wore sweatpants and flip flops...
MPI sending an array of 128bits integer I have a struct like: It is an implementation for pseudo-random generator, mersenne twister.
I rarely give a business a superior rating, but I have to say my wife and I had one of the best dining experiences at the Rock Bottom Brewery.
To workaround this, see below example: On: feof The workaround essentially waits and then terminates the while-loop.
While in Pittsburgh with the hubby for a quick weekend getaway, I took Misty B.'s (@chi_mist) recommendation and tried this place out.
The higher keys are in my static setup, the lower ones are used for throw-away bindings.
Like all good burgers, the meat steals the show but the veggies keep the burger's pace.
So thin, large, and crispy on the edges.
Put a scoop or two on top of a hot doughunt or two and you will finish in heaven.
In Swift it is probably a more common way to create a copy constructor (an initializer that takes an object of the same type).
There is 7.0.0.Alpha1 6.0.0.CR1 6.0.0.M5 6.0.0.M4 etc I am not sure what each version is about (What does M* or CR1 mean?) Can someone help me please?
I recently went for a general optometry appointment and found Dr.
It seems like you misunderstanding some concepts in software development process.
Basically, the idea is as follows: One of your pages checks whether the user knows the "secret".
While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.
\n I will definitely be back!
I tries fiddler, but I saw that the communication to mongo is through TCP, so I tried wireshark.
We will definitely be getting food from them again.
A great beer selection with rotating specialities on tap always creates a welcoming feeling in my mind.
To use backpropagation you need some data, say 1000 data where different types of similaritiy (input) and the True Similarity (output) are given.
Really there's not a bad theater in Pittsburgh, but this just has my heart.
For Variable Mappings set the variable = User::SrcFileName.
Django, filter records from model method?
The wait staff is very efficient and consistent, and I particularly enjoy the potatoes obrien.\n\nOpen only until 2pm, for breakfast and lunch.
I haven't really used this feature however see the following discussion which appears to suggest that you could convert the existing Entity to a MappedSuperclass via this mechanism.
The experience will definitely leave you feeling pampered...
I don't usually like IPAs because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance.
The pancakes were probably the best I've ever tasted.
The knowledge they possess and the professionalism with which they practice,is impeccable!
This is where YELP gets odd - any idea the demographics for the other reviewers?
If you live in Shadyside, make sure to check this place out.\n\n...oh and they sell Enrico's biscottis.
NSPoint in NSBezierPath I was wondering if there is any way to find out if an NSPoint is inside an NSBezierPath.
If your grid game allows diagonal movement (or the grid is "fake"), simply is probably sufficient.
The item : The array : I need to add the item $img_url in the beginning of the array.
We use 1 that will take only 1 byte and then close the stream.
Simply don't go there in the first place.
The waitress kept a basket of bread/pretzel bread full and they were nice a hot out of the oven.\n\nAfter diner, we proceeded to go into the tent behind the restaurant to enjoy the German band, dancing, festivities, and more beer.
Try the Bufala Negra (bourbon, balsamic vinegar, ginger ale, and some other ingredients I can't remember).
in that case I see that the path in JSESSIONID cookie has a value from the URL.
But this app seems to be for android development only.
There is no pagination when using the Search functionality built in the Spotify Apps API.
How to check either email address exist or not using android?
I admire the work and staff of the ARL and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of Pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animals alike.
For some reason the inner-city ones seem dark and dingy.
Now, to assemble it: And this will give: Combining filters from inside the CardBook is a breeze now.
My friend had the assorted Sashimi.
For example, say you have a table as follows I would like to read the values - apple, orange, car and bus alone.
But to answer your original question, I would remove all non-digit characters from the string using a regular expression:
I ended up at Anne Gregory because they were the only place in Pittsburgh having a trunk show with a dress I saw online and really wanted to try on.
I came in with extremely short nails...
You have file I/O and some very basic string functions and math.
transforming a date from 2013-10-12 to 2013-12-10.
backtrack on virtualbox not getting ip address i am trying to use backtrack5 on my virtualbox and set my adapter to bridged so that backtrack can have connection to the internet.
If the class doesn't provide an interface for changing that attribute, then you should consider it private and read-only.
So much so that I plan on making a trip out for a tasting in the next few months.
CloudEra Impala, or Apache Drill, which borrows the idea from Google Dremel, have the intention to enhance the query speed on top of Hadoop by doing query optimization, column based storage, massive parallelism of I/O.
To fix it, you should make giri26 the gid of newuser by modifying becomes: This could have effects on newuser's other files and directories, be wary.
When I use it, the Cancel and Finish buttons are larger, and the Cancel button is clipped on the left side.
I typically hate and do not recommend Chinese buffets, but this is totally the exception.
Young girl who seemed bothered by the fact that I was there.
This restaurant was highly recommended in almost everything we read including best restaurant in NC so of course we had to go check it out.
I don't understand why Django doesn't consider 'prefix' parameter for validation form.
An example answer how how to achieve this would be great to help me learn the correct approach.
My problem is, to maintain visibility of the button.
I'd feel perfectly comfortable, if I had an hour layover, to walk from one end to the other and order (fast) food if I was craving food from an establishment on the other side.
Here is the code for the page:
Just as we're polishing off our plate and rubbing our full stomachs, our entrees came.
I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation.
have the bundle keep its more subtle state changes to itself and just take calls anyway, deferring them internally if necessary.
I noticed the scramble at other places too.
The manual doesn't provide a numerical format, just it's format in English: By default, microtime() returns a string in the form "msec sec"
(Consider for example top, right, bottom view to be draw on the screen with the screen divided in three columns).
This place is a cute neighborhood gem.
I tried to check which form was submitted, but $request->request is always an empty array.
It's much roomier up there and you can always find a few young people dancing up there (again with very little light).
Once buyer login to their paypal account during checkout, the buyer will be able to see their email and shipping address as shown in the image for PayPal Payment Standard buttons such as buynow, addto cart.
This is a great use case for either or rather than a -loop.
Now, I want to have snapshot of the whole canvas &amp; shrink it to size 910x30 to draw taken snapshot in another canvas.
I'd suggest having a look at the codeproject site as well, a lot of people have written articles there about customizing various controls
I'm willing to be bet that whatever API you're using throws some kind of exception whenever you attempt a network action and you aren't able to establish a connection.
On my first trip there, I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't hot from the grill (yes, I've been to some places where I was sweating when the cooking was finished).\n\nIf you have a birthday, this is a great place to go!
I'm using Arch (fully updated) with KF5 and QT5.4 installed.
I have an SID &amp; API token, and the example call gives me this cURL command: However, I'm not sure how to translate that into a valid URL when creating my NSURLSession.
Below is a sample of what one may look like.
To my mind, method A) seems the least efficient as it requires you to hit the database a ton of times in the template layer.
Starting from iOS 10, it's mandatory to add "NSCameraUsageDescription" in info.plist which is just an informatory message to the user stating the reason for accessing camera.
What is the best way to address the change management issues in WordPress?
If you choose the lower number then next time you run it will change this number (to the higher one) and you will have a change in your and no migration.
I will be going back for sure!
Is there any publicly accessible way to read a bitcode file into an ?
My friends and I went to Luce this past Saturday night.
Try not to fill up on it while waiting on your huge main course..
Saving your JS files as .php is probably easiest but keep in mind that it won't share the same variables as the script rendering the page.
Order something savory (may I recommend the Breakfast Burrito or the Eggs Benedict?
He provides a number of examples on GitHub and CocoaPods and they're ready to use.
However the food is worth having bad service.
I've been going to Long's Garage for about 5 years now and have been very happy with their service.
It’s pretty standard stuff but as far as I can tell, everything I’ve found so far is aimed towards managing multiple users across a single secure area (e.g.
For example : between the 18 June and the 20 June, make the dropdownlist disabled (gray).
If you don't know who Bob Lynch is, look it up.
I got the BBQ shrimp as my main course and it was also very good.
I tried the scallop risotto, crab benedict, belgian waffle, and some other things all excellent!
Can someone please tell why the second command does not work.
I'm attempting to divide the variable 'c' by 2(stored in 'd').
The exhibits span a broad range of ages, and whether you're 3 or 33 (or older), you'll be educated and entertained.
They have some really hard to find movies.
The food is good and it comes out fast.
My favorites are the Wing-o-rito and Gobble-rito(when offered).\n\nThe Wing-o-rito has your beloved wing sauce mixed in their hefty burrito.\n\nThe Gobble-rito is their seasonal Thanksgiving burrito with a side of cranberry.\n\nBoth are awesome!
If you're looking for good Chinese food at relatively inexpensive prices then China Taste is it.
Taking a look at another client's code is helpful (if not confusing): I'm currently doing something like this too.
If you are a local looking for a \""regular spot,\"" or a tourist looking for that \""place only the locals know about,\"" Al Mike's is it!
I would do something like this (sorry, typing this up without an IDE, so it may not compile):
I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out.
Why the airport location cut the bison (and robust beer list) from their menu, I'm not sure.
The portions are not large, but the flavors are to die for!
I also eat the bean dip and one of the shrimp dishes.
Monday nights are $2.75 \""pint nights\"" where everything on the wall (and we're talking nearly 100 beers here) is only $2.75, and considering the quality of some of these this is almost impossible to beat ANYWHERE!\n\nThe glass program on Wednesday night is really cool, and if you go to their website there is even a big trading community so you can find some pretty cool stuff that the local one doesn't offer.
Hash was a smash for me.
The Roti Canai is what I mainly come here for - it's hands-down one of my favorite appetizers ever.
I got my annuals and birth control (pills, depo-provera shot and IUD) from here.
ObjectListView Column Reordering I've got a which has got afew column headers as added to it as follows: The list itself has got 7 properties (inclusive of and ).
\n\nAtmosphere is VERY Texas, which leads to the Sooner fan in me resisting the urge to turn all the longhorn artwork upside-down.
Laravel with drivers of MongoDB I'm new using MongoDB in laravel, I want to use laravel 4.2 with MongoDB but I have this problem: > C:\xampp\htdocs\laravel-mongo>composer require jenssegers/mongodb Using version ^3.0 for jenssegers/mongodb ./composer.json has been updated Loading composer repositories with package information Updating dependencies (including require-dev) Your requirements could not be resolved to an installable set of packages.
This was like gliding on velvet and I wanted to faint.
This, in a more general sense, is what is called unsupervised segmentation .
Using jQuery 3.1.0 Made a fiddle:
Overall I have not had any issues, except for my recent visit.
Second, for information on creating an alert dialog, please view this documentation .
How to select object in muti level array I am attempting to get just the smiling array under tags then attributes.
I don't have many more specificities about the db itself and it's configuration as I'm usualy mostly a client of the said db.
The hexadecimal system is base 16, whose digits are the numbers 0 through 9 and the letters A through F.
But i think this is the only way to do it.
The salmon was a very generous portion that was very well done.
I went here the other morning and was quoted a 25-30 minutes wait time.
It is great to invite friends for dinner and pick up the dinner at the Sushi Box.
For lunch this place was not busy in the least.
The problem is that you're trying to encode the whole URL.
We then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress.
The Tandoori chicken which is bright red, isn't spicy at all but the curries all have varying degrees of hotness.
Parking was relatively easy to get (Tuesday afternoon).
\n\ndrinks will be the cheapest compared to everywhere else in the area.
It reminded me of the days back before the United Continental merger.
] 1 When i ran the below program it ran sucussfully, Below is the log file.
The Wood Street Galleries is a small gallery located in the heart of downtown above the T station.
You can grant permissions at any level and the permissions are inherited to the sub projects.
By default when using Node-Webkit on a machine with screen rotation (like Asus Transformer on Windows 10), when flipping the screen to portrait mode, the app will flip as well.
They are freshly baked and new ones keep coming worm and fluffy from the kitchen.
\n\nIs this the BEST Italian food in the area?
Fortunately my boyfriend and my colleagues all suggested the same place: Top Shoe Repair.
That being said, impressing anyone with Perl is the same as impressing anyone in any other subject of field: you have to know them and what they will be impressed by.
I won't go into details here since my question is already long enough, but let just say that I've tried more than a few trick involving macros that all failed, and one involving explicit implementation of templates but so far, none of them can get me the actual result I'm looking for.
After living in Los Angeles for all of my 20's, I find this kind of environment comforting and refreshing.\n\nFor the life of me, I cannot remember what I had for dinner here.
It was at least an inch thick and was topped with feta and fruit chutney.
For multiple options selected i.e, if I select 5 and 10 both from the url must be .
I ordered a pair of shoes with a saleslady at this location.
When my food came out, he didn't call me over...
However, I have certain rows that are blank or contain zeros.
They really took their time on both the mani and pedi, and you can see the result!
Our meal at Soba was one of the finest, most delicious, and wholly satisfying that I can recall (joining Salt of the Earth, no less, in that prestigious category...).\n\nThe subtle lighting and modern d\u00e9cor of the joint is coolly lovely, setting the mood right away for a relaxed dining experience.
That also gives you a good way to manage environment variables and other settings on both of your heroku apps: <a href="
To try and solve the issue, I modified the class to be dynamic, too: But I quickly realized this would not work at all for several reasons, e.g.
I now understand why I always see people eating in their cars in this parking lot.
The and are negative lookbehind and lookahead assertions; the match locations in the text that are not preceded or followed by a non-space character, respectively.
Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness.
rails protect_from_forgery raises with exception I have Rails project which is working on production.
The salon itself is beautiful and very inviting.
I could hardly wait, our waitress brought our a plate with some butter and syrup and then it was time to dig in!\n\nMy omelet was huge!
Waffles, eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy (on most mornings), pastries, coffee, etc.
This was the closest I could find and compared to the ones in Philadelphia this can't even compete.
You can replace enter keys with space in select statement, and then export to Excel
Nice albeit modest selection of beers on tap (disclaimer: we moved from Milwaukee where anything less than a novel in a beer menu is modest) and just an all around pleasant experience.
I'm wrestling these tables apart for you.\""\n\nWe ordered the carne special (steak with alfredo for $30) and the torcia ($15).
Got the Pad Thai w/chicken both times.
The same thing should work for LSTM, although you might have to puzzle a bit to figure out how to store all the outputs you want in one vector and retrieve them again afterwards.
The second will work fine, so long as the directory to be deleted does not contain any subdirectories.
The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing.
I have read about Execution plans and how Cypher chooses the best plan with the least number of operations and all.
You don't try to call but .
While struggling with my horrific grief and having difficulty getting back into life as I once knew it, my grief counselor suggested that I \""help something else\"" in order to help myself feel better.
After refreshing the page all works fine.
I only wish this place was closer, although I'd probably drink more if it was.
Inside the MODEL write functions for those arrays so that you can reuse them, if they vary they may need own functions.
If new is 0, the url is opened in the same browser window if possible.
*disclaimer up front*\nI am a transport volunteer for the injured raptors coming into this facility.
Edit After I read the documentation (again) I changed the javascript to And created a new function in album.php But this does not work either.
The cabbage was a little on the salty side but once you start mixing it in with the perfectly cooked rice and beans it all evens out.
As an out-of-towner, it made it one of the easiest parts of my trip.
Edit: Here's an idea for O(n) solution with no additional memory.
Radio Button Isenabled trouble I'm setting a combobox to be enabled based on selection of Radioboxes.
To do this you will have to import from as it is not the same as (which does function composition only).
Then you can run a simple LINQ query: This Summary will give you the counts.
My guess is that is a single (based on the name).
Edit : Please note, I didn't add link of to .
Not very many places in the Swissvale/Edgwood area to go pick up a quick brew.
C++ "Cannot declare parameter to be of abstract type I'm trying to implement generic wrapper in C++ that will be able to compare two things.
Even the onion rings were hot and quite tasty.\n\nWait staff is a hoot - they enjoy shaking things up with different songs that all present can enjoy - who doesn't like Muppets doing Queen's \""Bohemian Rhapsody\""??
NSMutableArray as instance variable alway null After many hours wasted, I officially turn to the experts for help!
Stay here often for work - hotel is pet friendly, staff are helpful.
I suggest you to create a json file with all files that you want to download, and iterate through this array of files using ajax to get them.
To get the functionality you need, you might check out eventedsocket at (npm install eventedsocket) From the README.md: Eventedsocket adds event like behavior to your socket.io connection, allowing for events to be sent from client(s) to server or server to client(s).
Patio usually fills up, but if you set up near the big windows, it's almost the same thing but with AC.\n\nAnd they're open late (1:30) which is a huge plus for Pittsburgh.
Concourse A belongs to Delta, airTran, American, United, and Air Canada Jazz.
Please anyone help me on that.
\n\n**Something I'd like to see wine vault do: set up easy recycling
Our mushroom tart with beets and microgreens was the low point of the meal, but was still delish.
Nice to see you again.\n\nFortunes served the best coffee we tried in Pittsburgh and had the most engaging and upbeat baristas.
BTW do not use Hashtable: this is old, synchronized and almost obsolete implementation).
Add to that good service and super reasonable prices!
So you would read the formula from the 2nd file, give it first file record object as a context and execute it.
The setup in the calling application is a little more involved.
For various reasons, I have to manipulate the elements after the original document is destroyed, but before I actually insert them into the DOM of the other .
\n\nI chose the Scallops - \""Pan seared sea scallops, olive oil smashed potatoes, black truffle, prosciutto chips.\"" The scallops were some of the largest and best scallops I've ever had.
I then have an implementation of that protocol This is a simplified example of the two objects.
It is my go to bar for sure.
Because you are not pushing the annotations to Google, you don't incur indexing cost.
When I manually convert it to something like it works, though there has to be an automatic way, right?
Could someone explain this behaviour and how to fix it?
When a method is private it is also early bind can only call inside call so can call directly without object.
I purchased a couple items from one of their stores in Arizona and the location here was more than willing to help repair without charge.
And surprise, the Inn is actually an Inn!
I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for, but just as a quick example without having looked at the actual code but using the CSS from the Stackoverflow tag elements - you can just retrieve the value of the input on , create an element, append the value of input and an additional element to remove the created and appended element on .
She listened to what I wanted and did it!
I repeat, HATE when I have to scoot a cart around that won't turn.
I would definitely recommend going here.
After looking through the LogCat, I have found two errors that might be relevant to my problem they are: Could not open GPS configuration file /etc/gps.conf Couldn't get connection factory client Does anyone know if these are problems, and if so, how to fix them?
We got the snickers chocolate dip.
Two Page Curl Effect in iPad I am using the Leaves project to move from one pdf page to another it is working fine.
Compiling example UBOOT standalone application I am trying to build a UBOOT standalone application.
Function folding is only available on Visual C++ at this time, though increased widespread use of template&lt;> meta-programming has increased requests for this feature to be added to gcc and clang toolchains.
Personally, I do not rely on implicit conversion.
ANY environment changes made after a SETLOCAL are backed out when the matching (or in the same context) is reached.
I want to be able to redirect the user to my custom url if ANY payment option is selected, eg paypal or creditcard.
Chicago is only minutes away from uptown Charlotte.
They've also told you that there are Javascript and JQuery libraries which will help you do what you're wanting to do.
Numbers 21 - 30 = $20.
This is easily the best comic shop around.
php Multithreading where child process pick task automatically once there job done As I am new in PHP multi-threading.
The TVs aren't even old flat screens, but they do stock the rooms thoroughly with l'occitane.\n\nWhere this place really shines is in the staff and the food.
Does any library have that ?
On lower levels you still duplicate your function, on higher level you will not have to call two separate functions.
She had no patience for me.
I'm getting the commands from the user.
If I were designing a language, I would include nested functions but require an "inherit x" or "inherit const x" declaration to make it more obvious what's happening and to avoid unintended inheritance and modification.
Here comes an illustration of my problem - let's say we have three classes: a factory interface: and a module: Above fails with following stacktrace: Exception in thread "main" com.google.inject.CreationException: Guice creation errors: 1) Could not find a suitable constructor in stack.AImpl.
I think this is because the owner takes great pride in his resteraunt, and is always there.
Even at the busiest times, they staff cashiers smartly and the lines are rarely longer than three deep.
When the session is over you reverse the process, picking up your child, showering, re-dressing and leaving.\n\nThere is also a \""toy room\"" with books, blocks and other child safe materials for self-entertainment while they are waiting.\n\nVery clean, efficient, friendly and professional operation.
It doesn't violate IEEE-754, because IEEE-754 defers to languages on this point: A language standard should also define, and require implementations to provide, attributes that allow and disallow value-changing optimizations, separately or collectively, for a block.
My husband was coming in on a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning, and just before midnight on Friday, I realized I wasn't going to be able to pick him up.
While inserting a contact into RAW Contact table, provide A AccountType and accountName.
\n\nThey displayed their collection of ornaments with fishing line tacked to the ceiling with plenty of \""ask for assistance\"" signs.
I also have a deep appreciation for restaurants that do one cuisine and do it well...none of this Thai/Vietnamese/Japanese combo that only serves to confuse the diner as well as, often, the kitchen.
However, if I ever make it this way again to Charlotte, I would definitely get a sushi roll and an appetizer, which would make a very reasonable-priced and filling dinner.
Worth it because it is right at Lidia's front door and if you planning on visiting the Strip Shops afterwards, it is an all day price.
I have been eating these sandwiches for the better part of my life (I'm 45) and I still can't wait for the next one.
Don't even try to go there on the weekends...
You pay up front and they've got these little jars of chicklets gum - I used to always beg my Dad to buy me a pack when I was little.
Killian is our family's favorite dentist, including my husband the dentalphobe, and our two young daughters.
\n\nI enjoyed the affordable wine selection.
With the code removed, it becomes nil, as it should.
\n\nI'm currently enjoying that along with a litre of my favorite Hefeweizen.
The battered coating before fry is not too heavy and the sauce has a little bit of heat.
The bar closes at midnight every night of the week, which is odd to me too, but then again, I'm used to late-night bars & restaurants in bigger cities.
I don't know what was on it, but it was definitely a couple notches above the kind of food I expect from these venues.
(this was tested with several Android versions, 2.3, 4.4 and 5.0) Is there any special syntax for this kind of links to work?
I need to use winzip command line.
All use different stores as to what to keep on the home screen, may provide different profiles for the home screen (home, work, etc).
I had my rehearsal dinner here for a pizza party and it was TOP NOTCH.
I judged these ladies to quickly!
By default, Spring Boot 1.1 uses Flyway 3.0 which does not support .
Spatzle red cabbage and schnitzels galore.
When we went for brunch it was quite crowded and we had to wait a while before getting seats at the bar.
Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other.
Jquery Slider using div and with pagination I'm trying to create a image slider where in images are place inside a DIV.
Common Ground is everything a coop should be.
Any caller that uses whatever the function is supposed to return is in for a surprise.
I'd say adding parentheses should do the trick: EDIT : I see you use a jQuery tag in your original question.
And how to get a correct double at the end?
\n\nBottom-line: Best Chinese restaurant this side of the tunnels.
Consider a trunk with revision 122; a MayBranch with revisions 123, 124, and 125; and an AugustBranch with revisions 126 and 127.
Even though I didn't find what I needed today, I cannot wait to return here in the future.
Why not take good to great?
But it is not resolved, and there seems not much demand in resolving the issue.
This works but I'm not sure how efficient it is.
The burgers were very tasty and cooked as requested.
i had so much fun, and so did my guest!
Because already has a reified type for , the parameter should be for the given invocation.
They were crisp and seasoned correctly, which is a winning fry in my opinion.
So much better than any of the other burrito places in Downtown (Uptown?) Charlotte.
Here is a solution that works: Code-behind: XAML:
Batch file to determine if using Command Prompt The last line in my batch file is .
Google's launched a really cool API and plugin for it though.
If only the Panthers were a little better, I might have found it within myself to throw that 5th and final star on top!
As for price, I miss San Francisco's $45 Fast Pass, but I'm willing to pay a premium for the reliability that Muni couldn't offer.
Reset cursor back to the beginning before it reaches edge of console Erase old console output, placing cursor on next line Reset cursor back onto the line that was just cleared
I can's say enough about the sales, the services, the attitude of each person there, they made me me feel very important.
gcc with explicit linking I would like with compile C++ code with GCC using command Code: Got output:
It was the size of a small pound cake and I knew I was in for trouble!
The accompanying refried beans were decent, and served to allow for the spice from the tacos to dissipate.
Then in each test file (e.g.
How to understand the `Net pruing` via complexity penalty In Chapter6.10.3 'Net pruning', page53 of An introduction to neural networks __ Kevin Gurney .
I ordered my soup and 3 minutes there it was.
If you asked many of my college friends, they may take the position that the best thing about the C U is the drinking, but I would contend that people who take that position have never left campus or spent time trying to find something to do with their time.
The staff will check your parking ticket to make sure you parked in a qualifying deck and will then sell you a $5 ticket to get out after the show is over.
It's a selection so big that trying to pick by looking is almost a fool's errand - you could easily down a pint just while trying to weigh the options.
Now, I am confident about my initialization of SSL_CTX variable.
The chicken tenders are hand breaded and have been my favorite since a small child!
He told me tell when you want to wake up and we will wake you up when its time for your flight.
it auto-hints the font for you.
Update I will leave this question for now since there may or may not be a valid use case for something like this.
Fantastic food.\n This place is mainly a \""bar\"" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.
We read the reviews and selected Upstream for lunch because my very English Mum loves really good fish, and she knows her fish!
Assuming a client executable which has been compiled with a different compiler(-version).
I definitely will be back for more soon!
It's smokey which should be expected since this is a cigar bar.
Try moving your script tag with code after (or right before) the closing tag.
I can't help thinking that the ApplicationFactory it just yet another singleton by another name.
If you were to add up the amount of time I spent at Murphy's in college, it would probably be close to the total time I spent in class.
The request to the server goes through as successful, but I don't get any data back.
I guess the operation of disconnect is done by Android Bt stack.
The service was good the food was great!
Yes, the parking lot in crazy.
If you wish, the parent Recordset may also have columns that contain aggregates (SUM, MIN, MAX, and so on) over the child rows.
And, in that case this is something to do on your visit.
I assume you're talking about something like Roger Alsing's program .
The owners are very nice.\n\nWe had the vegetarian meza.
They have the biggest selection of 'no chip' shellac nail colors, the most staff, the most pedicure chairs, and are fast and efficient.
Here are the migrations: offers I then have a migration that runs to create the days for the relationship to work and this holds the day name and the day id in the table where I have seeded the database with days already.
It should be after the closing bracket that closes the WHERE clause: Also note that several of the curly braces in your original query are, although not exactly wrong, superfluous.
Is there any event handler that is fired when the value of an attribute changes of a node?
Whether that's acceptable depends what you're doing with the numbers next.
or show me an easier way of selecting a record from a table in a database and setting its value as a variable?
( Turns out, the nail hadn't punctured my tire yet).
The method described here ( just threw me an error when analysing metadata for the layout aspx file (the problem seemed to come from the line in the ZoneTemplate tag).
Note: As said in comments, for both and library, it's necessary to call before
When f enters in function chainF it somehow changes its value?
We had a small wedding in Olin Park and we really wanted the food to be the center of the day.
I need to get a list of all the files in a directory, including files in all the sub-directories.
\n\nWhile the baked goods there temptingly cheap - they are not fresh so I'd stay away from those.
Am I missing something or is the API just a bit dumb about this?
But you don't have to use it and you can run unit-tests from command line according to the link I put in bullet 3 or running through the IDE.
Luckily, Rich shared some of his with me.
The hallways and staircases are a bit old, but it gives it a nice vintage feel to better your theater experience.
Everytime the file pat shoudl contain next available var:value_var_v().
3.5 Stars\n\nChristos is a sort of charmingly run-down sort of place, particularly given that many of the other offerings in the Cultural District are pretty new joints.
There is a very helpful sequence of articles by Huy Nhuyen explaining the repository pattern, the specification pattern and how to effectively combine them with the Entity Framework for better code.
Python openpyxl comment shape property I'm trying to set properties of comments (mainly the shape) in excel by openpyxl, but I cannot find examples.
Also when I click on 'DB' ->'SQL' then a 3rd list box with data under these two combo items should be populated.
At first I thought the price was ridiculous, but they spent nearly three hours on my car and the results were fantastic.
so I can not calculate a formula between the last and the first frame :( I do not know how to fill the for-loop :( thanks in advance..
I am fairly new to Java programming and I have tried to work through different formatting issues in my code, but I have been stumped on how to make this work.
Use a static helper method: Also, what I often do is create a more generic helper method as such:
I'm aware that in general one cannot retrieve the names of objects passed to functions, but it seems like with ...
The only question I have is this...are the chickens free range?
Such as: I'm able to get a product itself out of the DbContext, and then later fetch it's associated Tags like this: Then I can assign the product.Tags with the fetched Tags.
What exactly does the author mean by ?
Today 6/2/14 I made a appointment to get fitted for a bridesmaid dress.
Also sampled the cookies and cream, red velvet and peanut butter.
\n\nCouldn't be happier - thanks again, Folger Scooby.
A definite come back to place for us despite the haul from LKN.
There is a real sense of cat community, from the portraits of the clinic's cats, to the bulletin board with cat-related notices, to the high-quality toys and treats for sale.
Go to salsa night on Thursdays super FUN
If you want a more relaxed, \""restaurant-y\"" atmosphere (and don't mind paying a few extra dollars), head over to the Bombay Grill on 1st.
They also take credit card at the self service station, so no need to fill a sock full of quarters.
In this application we are using some classes which are available in third party jars.
Your perfectly-priced fine-dining scene makes me want to pull up stakes and move in with you.
Just started an hour back to dig into it.
I would receive fat-smudged pages of letters written at this bar, the samples of Dogfish head dripped onto dog-eared corners for me to scratch, sniff, and lick at my discretion.\n\nThe men's room alone is a reflection I would leave unchanged in my description of this place.
Try the Burnt Almond Torte if you haven't yet!
Nice atmosphere, may be a little pricey for a day to day lunch, but would be a nice treat to yourself every once and a while, My salad was what I expected, Fresh leafy greens and very good house dressing.
The Pleasure Bar is absolutely not a 5 star restaurant, but it gets 5 stars from me bc every time I've dined there I've left happy, full of delicious food, and not broke.\n\nEveryone in Bloomfield knows about the Pleasure Bar, but I'm not sure anyone outside of Bloomfield knows about it.
\n\nThe hotel staff was incredibly warm, and welcoming...Everyone.
edit: up to 2MB if I'm not wrong.
I know there are simpler alternatives like curl and exec(), but they are not suitable for my use case.
Courtesy Auto is THE only place you should take your VW.
The batter does soak up a lot of sauce and oil, so it is by no means healthy.
As she mentioned, it's a Chinese speaking establishment.
The dress I chose is so completely different from all the others I had been trying on and I never would have tried this type of dress on if it weren't for Greg.
I used RelayCommands and this has a constructor where you can create a canExecute Predicate and then if it returns false the bound button will be disabled automatically.
Soba had become one of our regular spots for big family dinners.
Short story: These guys get 5 stars for their customer service, but -1 star for causing the snafu in the first place.\n\nLonger story: The late afternoon check-in, with two little kids, took longer than anticipated because our car seats wouldn't fit in the car we'd reserved (eventually we shoved them in and it worked, but in the meantime, one of the helpful Enterprise people ran over to see if National had one that would work better).
To display text instead of ID from dropdown list : You can create a function in the directive that loops through the options, and returns the when the matches the value you're binding on.
After I have successfully added the reference, i get the above error.
The breakfast and lunches are just \""ok\"", greasy spoon standard, but their low, low prices bring them into the 3-4 stars territory.
Gonna be having some veal tortellini with spicy Italian sausage and my homemade marinara sauce for dinner tonight.
If you want to change the paper's width and height after constrcution, you can set the style properties of the SVG tag like so: As Kevin mentioned, it's probably better to use the method to handle runtime resizing.
I love the idea of staying in an overpriced hotel at a discount rather than emptying my wallet for the privilege of hanging out in the penthouse suite.\nUpon arrival at the Renaissance, I was greeted by one of the front desk staff...let's call him \""Mr.
We went to Dexter's on Friday for the fish fry at the start Craft Beer week.
Stored Procedure: proc_exam_save_exceptions ​ The first loop instantiates a collection type variable (nested table) and initializes it with a non-null value.
Your code is working fine for me (Tested on firefox &amp; ie8 ).
Just go it alone and who cares about anyone else?!
Which is impressive since it was a long skirt.\n\nIn summary: Go to Umi, but only if you aren't paying.
However, if your class provides a public getter, I'd question the logic of creating this method.
As for the rest of the breakfast items, they're okay.
With easy parking, this stadium has a lot of really great qualities, one of them being that it's in great shape (see: no one going to games because we stink).
I recommend this place if you want a sanitary, quick piercer who is no-nonsense and gets the job done immediately.
This is outside of the language specification and I think if this is a feature that you wish to have in the language another language would be of more use to you that has this kind of functionality in it.
Again, the whole point of Gson is to seamlessly convert structured data into structured objects.
The result I want is business.time I am using the following code: In test, there are four lines: I was expecting this : However, the output is Can anyone tell me what's wrong and what should I do?
Financial Company Logos API Is there a way to dynamically pull company logos for banks and brokerages into a webpage without individually downloading each logo or building a list of URL's to link to them directly?
How to Override target="_blank" in the kml popup I'm loading a kml in a map from google using a code like this: The problem is the link into the popup, kml adds and I don't want it.
I consider Monterrey the standard for really good 'dive' Mexican food.
If you want to treat this as a 1d array, you must declare it as so: Or: The reason is that otherwise, is interpreted as an array of 2 integers, which decays into a pointer to the first element (and that's the address that is printed).
These guys also schedule tastings and pairings at some local restaurants.
So, after the first test, the app's still using the old, and wrong database.
Also, instead of %d as the format specifier for unsigned long.
I think a good thing to do here would be to use transaction(for secure) The method you should change is RunSQL If this method can be optimized, please let me know
Keep adding days until you hit a day that works.
When receiving the data it is possible to pre-process it with the Backbone.Model.parse method, is there an equivalent way to pre-process the data before sending it?
I actually bought the daisy first, but right after going out, I decided I wanted the azalea, and she was quick to allow me the exchange (especially since the azalea was about twice the price).
Very welcoming and nostalgic.\n\nThe menu is bigger than I expected with a variety of traditional appetizers and sandwiches along with a large selection of German items.
Their signature appetizer, the hushpuppies, are also filling.
Superb low country cuisine!\nI wanted to eat everything on the menu and nearly did.
Every racquet you could want is for sale here, as well as shoes, balls, bags, hoppers, string, grips, etc, etc.
It's kind of the standard now.
I need to parse an JSON.
German never tasted sooo nice!\n\nMenu Fav: Potato Pancake Reuben.
You need to have marked your files as localizable first.
While it is acceptable to return pointers to the string literals, buit not to a local pointer, it might be the wrong approach.
I want to do that AsyncTask invoked after n minutes, maybe this is duplicate and a silly question, but i cant figure how to implement it.
It was an honest assessment, and that meant more to me than anything else.\n\nI'm in my second year now in the PMBA program, and I'll tell you this--I will never regret this decision.
On the down side, it's pretty small and very crowded around lunch time.
I grew up raising puppies as a family hobby and became very attached to quality care from a vet in my hometown.
i'd really wish this wouldn't be possible, but sadly it is (or was).
Bobby and I stopped here for dinner on Saturday to celebrate his birthday as well as the anniversary of him dealing with me for 3 years (ha-ha)\n\nFor drinks, Bobby ordered a long island (you probably could've guessed that though) & I ordered a glass of sangria (The original.
The report contains financial information for a list of contracts for one organisation.
I love that they have a local beer selection on tap and in bottles.
To trigger this registered task, you have to run , or if you just want to run the Karma configuration you have to run .
I have to develop a way where users can insert an address and get the GPS values (both degree and/or decimal), but the main thing i need to know is how to convert the values, cause users can also insert GPS values (degree or decimal).
I don't want to over sell the place, but Walnut Street Tea Company is amazing.
All your electronic docking stations available, a nice view of the city, large sink, huge chrome shower head that could rinse a small elephant (luv those), but oddly enough no fridge.\n\nThrough out the weekend the hotel gave little hospitality gatherings, its rumored they had free drinks.
So I was wondering what was the best solution : Remove all the clauses above from the query, retrieve all results (paginated) and filter with Java Keep the query as is and index the fields If you see another solution, feel free to suggest it :) Thanks.
(And had another, of course) the RW was wonderful and extremely varied.
Solid food and a good place to start out a night.
A few minutes later we were on our way with my slice of pizza.
I think this resolve your problem.
contains calls and reading/writing to database tables.
The museum was just as racially biased as the bigot, city of Charlotte, mentality is.
They always seem to have a great selection of seasonal foods - gnoochi stuffed with sweet potatoes and topped with goat cheese and cranberries.
If you can't find something you're looking for - you can simply ask one of the CJ personnel making rounds to make sure you've found what you're looking for.\n\nI was looking for a bi fold door few weeks ago and found exactly what I was looking for less than $15.
As you pull down the promenade and approaching the hotel, you pass by some amazing shops, restaurants and a theater within walking distance.
My main question is this; sometimes, the host (Godaddy, ugh) decides to stall a connection and my loads, and loads, and loads some more, until there is a force close and the app crashes.
Translation command I am using is CA - Translate a PIN from TPK to ZPK/BDK (3-DES DUKPT) Encryption.
Because I don't have many complaints.\n\n --- --- ---\n\nIt's hard to review an airport after just spending a layover or two there.
You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one.
This is the error i get Are there any changes I could make in dompdf.php or Options.php to make it work?
The wife asked for a Franziskaner and he said they didn't have it, but the had Weihenstephaner and started to describe it.
heroic) and got the car on the lot in less than 24 hours.
If you want to experience the best of what this city has to offer, visit the Benedum.\n\nThe bf and I came to see Elf the Musical for our anniversary.
I gave up on Monterrey several yrs ago but was in the neighborhood today.
Her demeanor is professional and friendly.
I found Deli Roma too late.
It may help to look at it from a different perspective.
Starting from any perspective (PyDev, Java, others), selecting New->Project->PyDev->PyDev Project results in an endless spinning color beachball.
All are able to present a modal view by using the following method: Check the Apple reference guides for more information and samples.
CSS - Table mode how to display correctly?
Guess I had never worked on this problem then.
like the inside of an old dish cloth.
I was surprised how good the food was.
I could eat it every day.
In ur case if you need to process the tags inside FACULTY,u can use Name instead of name and Age instead of value.
Without remote debugging I wouldn't have detected this behaviour.
Actually data access (stuff hitting the DB) should be in a different layer, as should presentation code.
You need to use a single quote here to concatenate properly.
Definitely check out this place, you won't be disappointed!
But Pamela's food is as close to perfection as you'll ever get, so the long line and cramped space isn't even a factor.
I ordered a spicy yellow tail and spider roll which were both well made and tasty.
The service is absolutely the best!!!!!!
The exception-type you are catching is not the usual , but rather, some other class that you have explicitly defined and/or imported.
Replace a method with parameters by a closure in metaclass I have two class: And I want to replace 'doSomething' in a test but it dosent work *I know the test doesn't really make sens, it's just to show my point What do I do wrong ?
Sadly, they ran out on this occasion.
\n\nLate night staff get swamped regularly, but handle it well.
What you have is merely a time of day expressed in "military time" stored as an integer.
The next time the user presses the key does the focus go to input 3 or 4?
The problem is that after cloning it does not allow me to add it as a project.
However, it was flavorful and better than your average hibachi place.
These are all in the same controller.
\n\nFor my first fish fry it was a great experience.
My use case is that my Java application registers itself as a service provide by inserting into a shared registry (like a database table) with informations like service name, ip address and port number so that others can find and invoke the service.
They're open til 10pm on weekends which is nice.
But if there isn't already a transaction running, why bother calling the transaction server also and starting one just to do a one-off message?
The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
At four bucks a pop for a large glass, I'm better off getting a half gallon at the Jenifer Street Market back home for double that price--and it's SO much better.
He was very professional and helpful to all.
Cannot do inline script because of CSP restriction Error Msg: Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'addEventListener' of null Polymer.created @ elements-imports.csp.js:10596Polymer.Base._addFeature._invokeBehavior @ elements-imports.csp.js:267Polymer.Base._addFeature._doBehavior @ elements-imports.csp.js:262Polymer.Base.createdCallback @ elements-imports.csp.js:97Polymer.Base._addFeature.instanceTemplate @ elements-imports.csp.js:535Polymer.Base._addFeature._stampTemplate @ elements-imports.csp.js:531Polymer.Base._addFeature._initFeatures @ elements-imports.csp.js:4627Polymer.attached @ elements-imports.csp.js:5612Polymer.Base._addFeature._invokeBehavior @ elements-imports.csp.js:267Polymer.Base._addFeature._doBehavior @ elements-imports.csp.js:262Polymer.Base.attachedCallback @ elements-imports.csp.js:102Polymer.Base._addFeature.attachedCallback @ elements-imports.csp.js:603Polymer.Base._addFeature._readySelf @ elements-imports.csp.js:591(anonymous function) @ elements-imports.csp.js:5554Polymer.ImportStatus._importsLoaded @ elements-imports.csp.js:5553(anonymous function) @ elements-imports.csp.js:5564checkDone @ webcomponents-lite.js:968watchImportsLoad @ webcomponents-lite.js:990(anonymous function) @ webcomponents-lite.js:939whenDocumentReady @ webcomponents-lite.js:957checkReady @ webcomponents-lite.js:952 Custom Element:
State changes If the processing jobs relate to ActiveRecord persisted objects you can poll state from the front-end and periodically update it from the backend during the encoding process.
Angularjs $scope is confusing me I really need some help here...
I am trying to stay away from PDF because the user base that will be using the application will be more use to using Microsoft Word/Open Office than using Adobe Acrobat.
Geeeez, guys, AND you have drink specials erry dey?
To Connect these two tables, you insert a field into the CHECKLIST_ANSWER-Table, and define it as a foreign key, which references to the id (primary key) of the new table, I have mentioned first.
I recommend you Eat there once when you're don't mind paying more then you should.
I tried a few variations like pretending it was an unsigned , pretending it was not negative, pretending it was offset from the end, but they did not look right when I arrived at the location with my hex editor.
Yeh I got it, thanks @jeff for the clue, here is the answer.
they had a unique and interesting list of foods.
So I can imagine that it takes lot of time, but how to shut off this exception?
I go here alot cause its right down the street and the waiters/bartenders are so cool.
You wont be disappointed while waiting or connecting to your next flight!
I'm a sucker for indie films and besides the Manor this is the only place to see them.
in fact, i don't believe i had ever eaten at d's until a recent yelp event.
The atmosphere is not too loud or crazy and is a nice place to go if you want to be able to hear your companions.\n\nThe sad part is that D's closes fairly early--the bar closes at 11 on Sunday-Wednesday and midnight on Thursday-Saturday.
I want to update this code to do it all in ONE SQL instead of THREE.
If user change first two item's value by tapping and I want to restore those two values when I will come back to this fragment with a help of restore/save state.
and I think a few concerts.\n\nSure all the newer NFL stadiums are great, but I think Bank of America Stadium is still pretty modern and growing in charm.
For dessert we had the lemon cake which was fantastic and came with fresh raspberries and blackberries as a garnish.
In version 1.3.X, it is not possible to set Expiration date even.
For example, this can be modified to make double-lines, dotted lines, etc.
Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere!
You will see a lot more macros.
The bathrooms are clean, not filthy.
Whether the RTM edition ever will support old style apps requires a crystal ball.
The emphasis on customer self-reliance here could be construed as bad or lazy service, but I appreciate the lax environment.
The washes are definitely way better.
Contactable plugin I'm using this plugin link My question is, i want to remove the button (feedback) and instead use a normal link in my html page > &lt; a href="#">Contact&lt; /a> that trigger the plugin I deleted this tag from .js file: &lt; div id="contactable_inner">&lt; /div> and now i want to attach my &lt; a> link to the plugin i don't know jQuery, can anyone help me plz?
The allows us to calculate the number of different (distinct) groups each person is in.
They cut the tails off of the shrimp and throw them in their hat, light an onion stack on fire and make a train noise with the spatula, and they do an egg roll before throwing it in the air and breaking it in half on the spatula!
My only suggestion would be to add grilled fish taco's to the menu.
\n- Convenient parking garage right across the street.
I could never shake the culture shock of that feeling compared to flying, but it was so convenient and relaxing.
We didn't have reservations but there was some seating available and we opted to sit outside since the weather was gorgeous.
If you haven't been here already, you're missing out - A.
Then I realized that the jar version I was using was from 3.3.1 release.
If you arrive after the show, they'll ask you for a slim dollar for the DJ.
Now this file can be an image and it can be a pdf.
Well then my friends I have a place for you.
The method Add on ColumnMappings collection allows you to map your columns from source table to destination table.
If there is a way to get event after image is reaaly loaded?
But the value in is empty.
A hidden gem with relaxing scenic views, historic homes and plenty of walking trails.
what I want is to halt the event while my table is being loaded.
You'll have a brand new experience in coffee drinking.
Also there are "bus" implementations such as and that can help send events from one object to another without them having direct references of each other.
The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is that the area is slighty sketchy.
As a vegan I appreciate Indian food & had many options.
It's janky, but it's also really easy.
They twirl the spatula a bit, serve the sauce, cut up some shrimp and set the table on fire (in an onion ring chimney).
I think possible candidates are Qt 4.5 or above (but IFAIK Qt software will not run on Vista without any installation(?)), some wxWidgets or maybe wxPython solution, perhaps gtkmm.
The RowColumnOrder example shows how it's done.
They have REALLY good wings (also wing nights) and food, including daily specials.
Mikes took my car after horrible repairs/service from Kenny Ross South.
Granted, your car will smell like BBQ King for days, but it is such a wonderful smell.\n\nA little side note.
The portions were more than big enough.\nAnd for dessert, we had the Vietnamese coffee creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e, which was beyond delicious.\n\nI generally enjoyed the meal, but would appreciate maybe one more vegetarian entree to give diners a choice.
About password storage I must also note that storing passwords in plain text is unsafe.
It was sweet, but still had a kick to it.
Currently it's producing this error for the following code below.
This little truck stop gives me the big energy to get even deeper into steak and butter territory.
I wonder if they'd be better placed Uptown, since the surrounding restaurants are a little lower-key, but I'm totally cool with not having to deal with all that entails to come here.\n\nThe food ranged from good to impressive.
Oh goodness I have spent a LOT of time in this airport.
Always delish, fresh and well made meals, great wine, warm atmosphere.
She was super friendly and professional.
Grab your cash, and bottoms up!
I'm using id3js for finding its id3 values: My code snippet as follows: But it gives following error:
How to assign a big stream bit into one column vector I have a large bit stream.
How do I implement this parallel pattern in C#?
The syntax of your statement is also off.
The web server is the only moving part.
It doesn't have to be at the very top.
Once the server sends all the info to the client, nothing can be done on the server until another request is made.
The other time I went with my wife and my 18 year old cousin and we had to leave the premises because despite being a restaurant, if you are under 21, you must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
Assuming you used Image class to render it, first, is to put the same image bellowthe original one and use the scaleY to flip it vertically.
We went once as a family day trip and a few times in school.
For some reason I thought Zapatas was \""upscale\"" mexican (with upscale pricing) but I was totally wrong.
Look for deals on their website.
\n\nThe bar or outside seating is perfect for a relaxing evening to enjoy some people watching.
I've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found.
The user is allowed to vote only once therefore the values for likes and dislikes for each user is 0-1, the has the of the question from the questions table.
Recently I got a generic Facebook email that one or more of my apps are using permissions that have to be reviewed or they will stop working on some date.
\n\nEverything was delicious...and the portion sizes were perfect!
How to set InstanceContextMode through Custom Behavior implementing IServiceBehavior Is there a way to set the InstanceContextMode through a custom service behavior implementing IServiceBehavior --> ApplyDispatchBehavior
I used following code But it can't check the selected in .
They have plenty of options for toppings on the dogs.
I'm guessing your use case is something like: I think you'd want something like: If your use case is for credit cards specifically (as mine was when I had this issue a few years ago), my coworker discovered that .
\n\nThe bagels are appropriately chewy, and they've got a great selection.
the following will work (obvioously if your has default constructor; otherwise use appropriate contructor).
Directory permissions are set to 755, paths are copied from ssh, so they're accurate.
Correct way to get beans from applicationContext Spring I have a factory that creates instances: I need to return a new instance of the beans that are "managed" by Spring bc they have Transactional business logic methods.
You probably should declare the variable as as well to avoid surprises, but it is not strictly necessary, and doesn't make it a good idea (IMO).
Some of the items I think are REALLY inexpensive as compared to what I've seen in similar stores around the country and really beautiful.\n\nThird...I love the ladies that own/run Journeys.
Everything works fine, I have a great executable which does everything as I want.
The line is usually to the door, but it does move fast and they do have a separate takeout/pickup line for those who choose to call ahead.\n\nIt's off the beaten path, but if you have time during the week for lunch and you are near the airport, do yourself a favor and give this place a try.\n\nPlenty of parking is available, and the service is good.
This is hands-down the best Asian grocery I have visited in Pittsburgh.
(That's what I read) Let's say I execute , it will change the directory, but next time I execute a command, it will execute from .
I recently purchased a vehicle after i lost my other car in a recent auto accident.
Went here last night after an exhausting day taking care of a newborn.
The real compliment was the nice tip I left !\n\nI'm not sure if they have a lunch menu But I did notice the dessert menu.None of us had room for dessert.\n\nThe place is big and looked as if it had a private dining spot.\n\nListen, I am not a steak house aficionado.But based on this visit, I like Longhorn chain better then O.B and L.S.
Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.
Check the existence of an object in Core Data I found this code in response to another question: The problem is, I don't know what to make my fetch request be, in order to have it only potentially return my object, and no others.
This is my go-to place for Pho.
That along with homemade ranch dressing is the best in my book!!
It's $25 which is way too much for Pittsburgh.
\n\nI was very pleasantly surprised with my entire meal.
I was driving around and saw this place out of the corner of my eye and took a chance on it.
The problem is with this line: Replace it with this: The problem is that you're creating a new ResultReceiver instead of using the one that is presumably passed in as an Intent extra from this code: So, just use the one passed in as an extra in the Intent, and it should work.
You need to add a column, e.g.
There were French fries on my sandwich!\nThis is my first time in PA, so I wasnt sure what to expect when we were sent to Market Square for \""the greatest sandwich in the world!\""\n\nThe prices were dead on - about 6$ for a sandwich and 1.5$ for a tea.
I have always believed in supporting local businesses and products thanks again
Went here today for the first time and I couldn't be more pleased with my experience.
AND, for icing on the review cake, they've even begun to carry Brad's Raw Pizza Kale Chips for dogs.
Just bite the bullet and use id (it doesn't care about the type) and explain it in the comments.
You can get sushi at a number of places in Pittsburgh.
It makes sense that this would be valid but I've never seen this syntax used or even mentioned as a possibility.
Output file in a certain way via Java Having a little bit of an issue.
I had the beef ribs and fried chicken combo/ mac n cheese &greens side\nMy wife had fried catfish and fried chicken combo/ potato salad $ fries side my daughter had the kid chicken tenders/mac n cheese & fries side.
Getting the current call stack from a different thread In a multiple thread situation, is it possible to get the call stack at the current moment inside some thread from another thread running outside of ?
(I can see that Camel Case Navigation works).
It just tracks the reference to the value.
I wish I lived closer so I could eat them every Sunday.\n5 stars?: I've been to a restaurant that claimed to have the best pancakes in the world.
How do i set the color for ics event?
a) Assume client wants to establish a connection with server located at url www.some_domain.com.
Of course the obligating question once you enter a clothing store of any type is, \""Welcome, can I help you find anything?\"" Of course I did what any typical person would do stared at them and eventually replied with, \""No thank you, this is my first time in here.\"" I think I puzzled them with that response.
Any properties that are references to other variables, will remain references.
Most often, this is due to memory pressure, and the system kills applications to free up resources.
problem displaying webpage on different computers I have a very weird problem.
If you really want to use jQuery, since can iterate over arrays AND objects, you can just use it to iterate over the array and alert each.
See this article for more info <a href="
Dinner can get a bit pricey.
This isn't a duplicate of as I need to get an iterator pointing to the location of the newly inserted value.
I have tried using goto special and then visible cells only but no success.
Great menu, nice surroundings, good service and excellent food.
$6 will get you some excellent mussels (somewhat spicy broth), tempura fried green beans (YUM!), and a myriad of other options.
"Hidden" I'd guess is referring to when another activity has been resumed and is completely covering actvity .
Never had it but that's extremely cheap.\n\nBeer is fairly priced; Sam Adams and Blue Moon are $3.50 while Yuengling, Coors & Miller are about $2.50, $2 on special.
\n\nLooking for a place to pop a squat and shoot the shit?\n\nLook no further than the Greenie!
I've looked up couple of collections in .NET Framework but couldn't find what I want.
You can save over 10% using cash there and that's at least a tax savings.
In my case it was the client system that had a virus scanner installed.
CPython multiprocess fork failing with gdb/lldb attached on OS X Trying to run the following code in CPython 2.7.12 with either gdb or lldb attached fails: The debugger sees something like: Along with that output, I get the standard OS X crash dialog, from that, notably: This similarly happens in gdb regardless of the setting of .
I don't need an anonymous type (unless this is the only way): a list or array of the aggregates would be fine.
about my sudden lunchtime craving for encased meats.
Two scripts which I had to load to get the modal working at all: Here's my modal code: Here's the link that calls the modal: What needs to change here?
There is an excellent video that they show that details the days of slavery and then Reconstruction to the modern day banking industry.
Any ideas of where to look to solve this?
During the adoption process the employees were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me.
Seems that it works for me, so I am stopping there.
Staff is very friendly here and it is convenient to my house, till I move late March to uptown!\n\nI will shop here again....
The soup was pretty good, although a tiny bit oily and a tiny bit salty.
You can try using datetime and handle the exceptions to decide valid/invalid date : Example : <a href="
In this plot, the origin of the vector is the blue dot, and the direction is given by the red line.
I can get it with a smart regex from the , but I am not sure how reliable and up-to-date the this html file is...
The problem I've come up against is that all the example I can find deal with only video or only audio.
Why is one spot better than the other?
I've had great meals and ok meals, never any bad meals.
They also have beers on tap for a cheap price.
Change height tableview when items not visible javafx I would like show navigation arrow when items not visible in the component at the screen.
Free scrolling and parallax issue (jQuery Scroll Path + Parallax) in a project where I need to build something like the famous parallax-powered Mario Kart Wii Experience site, which also comes with horizontal and vertical scroll (if you haven't seen it, here it is: For the scrolling effect, I grabbed the JQuery Scroll Path plugin (website here: and it seems to suit my needs concerning the free scrolling.
We have noticed that when a request is interrupted no information seems to be logged to NewRelic.
OpenSSL Error messages: error:14082174:SSL routines:SSL3_CHECK_CERT_AND_ALGORITHM:dh key too small in /usr/www/test/testing.php on line 13 This works fine on my local wamp or xampp but not on the hosting web server What can be done to solve this ?
(In production, it's preferable to use a combined configuration file since they load as a single large file.) For a list of all default MathJax macros, see For how to define macros in MathJax, see i.e., add a block to the block in your configuration.
However, my problem is that as soon as I zoom in or out the line starts shimmering.
We walked in without reservations at 7pm on a Friday and when we asked if we could sit at the bar we were told \""yeah, if you can find seats\"".
I tried many other things: Using MongoDB as broker and backend and inspecting the database (strangely enough, I can't see anything in my broker "messages" collection even in a "countdown"-scheduled job) The PING example in here , both with RabbitMQ and MongoDB Printing on the screen with both (like the PING example) and Make the retry call in an except block after an enforced is raised, raising or returning the retry(), changing the "throw" parameter to / /not specified.
I also liked the decor/environment -- very homey.
Gotta love Salsarita's, one of my favorite lunch spots.
Okay good, now that you have ignored it, let's talk about how freaking awesome this place \""Nicholas Coffee\"" is in Market Square.
My wife and I stayed at this hotel from 5/21-5/28/14 for the NASCAR races.
I'm new to R and I've compiled it myself on Ubuntu 14.04.3 (x64).
4 million rows: My query: I have indexes on backorderQuantity and backorderOrderedQuantity - and both of them combined.
Although the connection assertions pass (I receive OK 200 and a mimetype 'text/event-stream') the data object is empty.
Best I've had outside of Dottie's in SF.\nWe were originally sent there for the coffee and their unique habit of giving you actual heavy cream with it.
The only way I see is creating views on the fly and then using those views.
They have a patio as well, but as a non smoker...I don't last too long out there.
Currently the function below is working very well but it is not very fast when compared to random class.
This is possible in two ways as follows.
Everyone should check this place out, homeowners, apartment dwellers, artists, woodworkers, interior designers, everyone.
After doing some research i found that rails 3 does not automatically load the lib folder files into your app.(not entirely sure) Try this In your controller where you use this: Try to require the file like this.
But the breakfast sandwich is worth the wait.
Salad greens with that light vinegar and oil dressing was superb.\n\nWiener-schnitzel was just OK to me...but it was really pork and was not tough.\n\nGreat atmosphere and food, hands down.
Plenty of rocking chairs, sky walks, and outlets.
Simple, but they nailed it.\n\nI would return.
In order to create async code you can use one of it's creational methods like , .
The dog and I participated in two sessions of behavioral classes (Lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog!), consulted with veterinary staff, and received constant emails from staff offering suggestions and checking in to see how I was doing.
Just a medium-sized 'wich with sauerkraut and Thousand Island.
At the end, instead of using an electric razor to shave the back of my neck, he used a straight razor with warm shaving cream.\n\nI'm going to keep coming to this place because I like the traditional feel and the familiar atmosphere.
The hotel lobby is nice and ballrooms are well equipped for all sorts of meetings.
She kept telling me about the clothing she could get there for less than $1, and I didn't believe her.
The d\u00e9cor is not modern, but it still adds to the diner's charm.
Take your time, eat and eat more and enjoy !!
It's clean, modern and easy to navigate.
He definitely adds to the pleasurable experience.
How to put spinner at the position I wanted?
I got my dress for my July 2014 from Anne Gregory.
Bank had and went to Men's Wearhouse.
Eclipse' built-in nullness checking has slicker IDE integration, but you can use the Checker Framework Eclipse plugin if you want more powerful checking.
Spend a little extra for refreshments yes they are expensive but again the experience.
Visited for brunch again on a rainy winter Sunday.
Solr range query for specefic id like /solr/select?q=x:[1,2,5,11,64589] I have some specific id like 1,2,5,11,64589 in solr (int type) I want to qet query like ttp://localhost:8983/solr/select?q=x:[1,2,5,11,64589] but does not work (get error).
I think you are sending a data from BT device to android device only one time.
First, there is a \""Dark Bomb\""--Guinness and Jagermeister.
The management wear suits and greet everyone as they enter.
I would like a quick way to repeat this plot for an array of values.
When you read the selected property you will get the selected list.
but i got it update values with code 10, and not values with code 11.
I like being able to see my food.\n\nStill a solid 4 stars.
From the time we walked in to the time we left the staff was extremely friendly.
I don't understand I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours.
This seems wrong to me, but I can't explain it.
I want to pick one of those common "on" bits at random.
This might be useful for others.
What is event.preventDefault preventing despite the event?
Tuples can be thought of as being similar to Pascal records or C structs; they're small collections of related data which may be of different types which are operated on as a group.
a twenties shiffon blouse to make my bonnie and clyde outfit for halloween.
Which is why i titled which is mainly my app the whole uiview sinks into the water and floats back up.
solid pizza at a great price.
Notice that my case is not a typical classification problem, since I already have the decision tree implemented in code, and I want to use an algorithm to generate an equivalent tree from carefully tailored data, rather than a real world data sample, simply because in my case maintaining the data set with business rules is easier than maintaining the code.
If you've never brewed before, they have reasonably priced starter kits, as well as drafting systems and advanced supplies.
I agree with knbk's answer that it is not possible: durability is only present at the level of a transaction, and atomic provides that.
Amother option might be to use Apache James Mailets (These are like Servlets for mail) and have them write the statistics to a database when an action takes place on the mail server.
Mobile Orchard also has a list of resources for SQLite on the iPhone.
In this case variable GAMESTATE is defined in each module that includes the header.
There was an old answer about doing something with javafx.ext.swing, but that's no longer included in JavaFX.
There are certain days where I start fantasizing about their pork dumplings and must have them.
Check out all my reviews at theglobeonmyplate.blogspot.com\n\nI am just now discovering David's Jamaican in Monona.
Documentation - [I am not affiliated with x-editable project.
One of its best features is the extensive collection of well-written tutorials to help you get started.
So, it really isn't worth to have a gold cove unless you know you are looking for specific classes with GC membership.
I haggled a bit and the sales staff was professional and courteous.\n\n* I had to have routine/preventive maintenance done from time to time, and I was always given a loaner car and the work was always done on time.\n\nI have only one other car-buying experience (at a horrible Mercedes dealership in Fairfield, CT) and University Volvo was heaven by comparison.
If my equation were this simplistic, I wouldn't try my substitution technique.
When it arrived, it was the saddest looking croissants I've ever seen.
Total brain freeze, but so worth it.
There were lots of tables to work on, each with it's own individualized lamp!
(Last time, it was a curry katsu bowl and a bowl of miso ramen.
How would I call it again in case I want to change the image?
cant wait to eat here again.
They have cheaper college nights - and its free the first time you go with a member!
Is there any way to avoid this?
The New Orleans BBQ is also excellent.
javascript: create range from cursor position at time a to cursor position at time b I get the cursor position at time a.
While visiting Charlotte for the DNC, I must say that Merts made me feel as if I never left home.
Note that backtick trick won't work at least on older versions with type because of the ending in representation.
I've been wondering this for a while also; the OpenCV documentation isn't very helpful when it comes to blob detection.
And because of option ng-repeat becomes a part of the directive source element i.e and the child scope of ng-repeat is calculated from the ultimate parent scope (Which appears to be wrong) and this causes the entire directive template to be bound to the child scope of controller and any interpolations are evaluated against that scope.
\n\nI've heard told that this place sold the \""best coffee in pittsburgh\"" I had to test it out for myself.
This value can be discrete or real depending on the activation function used.
He will look at the local repository (usually a hidden directory .m2 under user’s home directory) or a remote repository.
Yes, it's technically a national chain restaurant, owned by the likes of the same folks who do Longhorn and its ilk.
This kills each other provisioning profiles.
I go there for lunch and dinner.
I have even used the alertNumber it is place and the code functions perfectly.
getting error when click on the Image button?
\n\nMy mouth was watering as all the entrees came flying out the kitchen!
This cookie is returned to the web server with each subsequent page request, allowing ASP.NET, and thus your code, to determine who the user is, usually with a single line of code like so: You then should not need to store anything in the Session state.
Amazing.\n\nNot that I have any allergies or dietary restrictions (well, other than the veg thing), but this is the place to take relatives and friends that do.
It was a high top so it wasn't the most comfortable but for a last minute reservation it worked.\n\nWe started with the calamari which was delicious and then dived right into entrees.
I'm using the same one in this test code because it doesn't terminate connections early.
The gal said she could have my order in 15 minutes, but probably less.
However, when using the forwarded address - jeffreydill.com - all of my CSS media queries break.
I'd installed again Wamp x64, problem hadn't been solved.
Just found this article which seems to agree.
JVM then finishes other threads e.g.
Create a custom layer GRU2 that inherits everything from the GRU class, but adapt the step function such that it returns a concatenation of the states you want to monitor, and then takes only the part containing the previous hidden layer activations when computing the next activations.
I know it doesn't work for UTF-8.
Pine Cone has eclairs and cream puffs the size of my cat.
The column summarizes the number of accurate responses in each condition.
First you don't need a controller, spring security handles all this for you.
Bobby ended up finishing my other half of sandwich and he gave me his mac&cheese.
The only bad thing is that the pricing is a little higher than I usually like to pay, but it's fun to splurge every once in awhile.
The first method assumes a step size of 1, while the second method you can specify an optional third parameter which specifies the step size of your random integer generation.
The atmosphere is nice, it was good to get out of the cold when we took our walk :)\n\nThe coffee was good, and not too expensive.
I have read everything I could find on this issue but unfortunately the solution seems to requires a knowledge which lies far beyond me.
Scared by the lattes at their CMU site last year, I have been hastened to come to La Prima.
How to join a string by line endings in Ruby I have an array of strings, which I wish to join by line ending: I want to join them in ruby in the most idiomatic way, using the OS default line ending, so that it would use to join the lines on windows and it would use to join the lines on *NIX.
I ordered the Buttermilk Chicken Breast dinner and the meal was fantastic.
* update 2 * Here is the crash report: * update 3 * updated with dwarfdump commands suggested below
If the food wasn't so expensive, I'd be back tomorrow.
Just to reemphasize that creating an operating system isn't easy (especially one that runs Windows applications), ReactOS development started in 1998 and they're still in alpha stage.
Please run as you would your program and post its output here (most likely there's no OpenGL support somewhere in the line).
\nTheir pro shop staff is honest about the quality of the firearms I tell them what I'm planing on using it for, self-defense, hunting small game and they trying to recommend something that might be useful to me even if it is less expensive than the item I was looking at at first.
On the whole, China Palace is a place for wonderful Chinese food and definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.\n\nNow should I try one of their other specialties, Three Afire?
You don't have access to the right image as far my knowledge, unless you override the event.
We had reservations for 7 pm on a Thursday evening, and had an absolute hell of a time parking!
I tried something like: Didn't worked.
I LOVED mine - it was purple!
In general, consider that context switches of threads are expensive.
Very nice although the crowd was small.
It has a 90's vibe about the template that it comes with and takes a lot of work to get around that.
I require it to use for PHP, but sadly the documentation made no mention of the APIs for filtering except for the sample ASP.NET server side file.
How do I pass the ID to the url string using an adapter or something?
They specialize in Turkish Pizzas (Pide) and wow they are good.
Optimization stops prematurely (MATLAB) I'm trying my best to work it out with fmincon in MATLAB.
I want to show the string value that contains in fact table.
And, maybe it's just me, but I've noticed they seem to do minor touch ups of the heel stem (for lack of a better word...
Fixing smaller problems has higher payoff?
I want a similar page but with the data from the db inserted into it.
Document services- if you need help printing brochures, flyers etc\n11.
I think it says something that my friend has searched far and wide throughout all of Chicago and failed at finding another gyro place as good as Zorba's in Champaign.\n\nThroughout my 4.5 years in Chambana, never once did I have a less than spectacular meal here.
Ribs were excellent, service was great and very attentive.
This was the most pleasant dining experience I had on my business trip to Charlotte, and of course it occurred the afternoon I was leaving.
My expectation at this part of the algorithm would be for you to test for each neighbour whether it should be added to the open list.
The staff was a lot of fun to chat with and answered any questions we had.
Saucers hung throughout the restaurant celebrate those who have successfully tasted 200 beers at Flying Saucer.
when he/she click next page, other data should request from server.
The patties were well seasoned - something many burger joints can't seem to figure out.
If you go early an old grandmother will serve up a sloppy egg breakfast on plates that you can't be sure if they've been washed more than twice.
Anyone know why this happens, or what the easiest work-around would be?
Not intended to be a working example.
I love the funky metalwork throughout the club, even down to the drain covers in the bathrooms which coordinate with the mirrors on the wall.
i want to know how to parse the Json and load it in array , then use the array for making the Expandable List View ?
Right click on this project and select 'Add' then 'Existing Item' Select the Win8 Store Unit Test project and locate the Unit Test file you want to add.
There are additional things on top of the ADO.NET foundation - things like NHibernate, Entity Framework and so forth - but the SqlClient / ADO.NET is really the basis for all current, modern database access (to SQL Server, mostly) in the .NET world
The owners are friendly and helpful.
However, if you miss one, like D, because your profiling tool fails to expose it, you are only 4.5 times faster.
Method: async LogFilesFromFolderToDB(StorageFolder folder) looks like:
The Web server could not be found An ASP.NET web project loads with up the solution, but I get this error The Web Application Project Module Example is configured to use IIS.
I tried applying to the styling but it did not remove the border.
However, HCR can be used to change the body of a method.
\n\nI do sigh from time to time when I remember walking across the quad to get to my classes.
Jim is the best for customer service.
Serializing an instance of this class: Costs 166 bytes, while the property contains the same data as the raw string serialized earlier.
Despite the above, if required, std::vector can be used in a DLL API by exporting like: though, this is usually mentioned in the context when one wants to use std::vector as a member of A ( The following Microsoft Support Article discusses how to access std::vector objects created in a DLL through a pointer or reference from within the executable ( The above solution to use seems to be applicable too.
Or, simpler but less reliable, you can insert "some other work" in between and accessing the data.
You need to make sure all of your assemblies are compiling for the correct architecture.
It does work for standard headers such as , etc.
Also the food ain't all that bad.
Here is a page that demonstrates the problem.
The three star side is the washers are old.
I thought I would be able to do this by making a new subclass of , .
Interestingly enough, the smaller the scale in my webkit transformation, the bigger the margin on the left.
I cannot speak of how it is in the back as I only glanced on my way to the bathroom.
This also works perfectly, not a problem....
should be every translate.google.com search and not just appetit.
the newest version of jstree does not include the method 'get_checked', why?
D and E are the newest concourses, and are very nice.
He has been in the business for, well since before i was even born!
The waiters are amazingly helpful, poised, and polite.
No matter what I do, it gets stuck on that third section.
My code works, but is this the best way to do this?
they now have sushi available, fruits, pastries and the hot section is per item unless you get the special.
Even if you don't care for pancakes, you will explode in flavorful bliss when you try them.
and I would like to be able to click in any valid path showed inside the integrated Terminal and get the file opened.
Just getting back into reading comics again and it has been an easy transition with this store in town.
After the shortest wait I've ever had for some one who was running behind which was a whole 3 minutes.
The only thing conspicuously missing is the scale, which I assume the original owner's family kept as a personal keepsake--but this is probably a good thing for dieters who'd rather not be reminded of their indulgence (ahem, cough, cough).
I didn't get that intrusive uncomfortable feeling like I did at the Omni.
It makes an evening of arts and culture just that much nicer to enjoy.\n\nThe facility, adjacent and accessible from Founders Hall, is (relatively) new and sparkling throughout.
You (probably) can't communicate in a cross-platform (and cross-browser) way from a web client to a local process, in any other way than you could with a web service.
I had the Denver scramble, which had the perfect amount of cheese on top.
We had good service and they were very accommodating despite the fact that a few folks in our group were pretty loud and maybe bordering on the obnoxious side.
\n\nWe're always called back on time (sometimes early if we're there early) and the girls who do our facials are absolutely wonderful.
Dimly lit, checkered tablecloths, comfortable booths and Chianti bottles hanging from the ceiling.
phpFlickr proxy not working call to member function error I have downloaded and setup phpFlickr library but I need to use it from behind a proxy, so I have added the line to the example file and it throws an error.
Dad had the tortilla soup (I know; odd choice) and he liked it quite a bit.
So, if I have: I want to end up with .
If I scroll down past the top of the text I can see the other line numbers there, its just like all over the are shifted up.
} This code generates an incorrect output, I get repeat values: Cadena JSON:[{"IDCOORD":1,"HORA":"2012-02-13 07:58:06.146","FECHA":"2012-02-13 >07:58:03","COOR_IDEQUIPO":1,"LATITUD":28.56245,"LONGITUD":-16.7000555}] [{"IDCOORD":2,"HORA":"2012-02-13 07:59:41.881","FECHA":"2012-02-13 >07:59:39","COOR_IDEQUIPO":1,"LATITUD":-4.7152449,"LONGITUD":41.6514567}, {"IDCOORD":2,"HORA":"2012->02-13 07:59:41.881","FECHA":"2012-02-13 >07:59:39","COOR_IDEQUIPO":1,"LATITUD":->4.7152449,"LONGITUD":41.6514567}] I´m pretty sure that I´m doing something wrong on while.
\n\nThe second visit, I got the tonkatsu ramen again, while my daughter got the tonkatsu bento box.
So I created a service using the examples provided at Other than a few small tweaks it's that code.
It looks like a popular spot.
Had a very good Ruben today.
I can say, however, that the terminals are clean, nice, and easy to navigate.
Unfortunately it wasn't the right one and they had already sold the right one when I stopped by later to get it.
I'm not sure if the folks are reviewing the same restaurant that I have enjoyed since 1985.
In any case you could revert to checking tracing with an if in those cases or when the logic for doing the tracing is more complicated than comfortably fits in a sequence of &lt;&lt;'s.
What would be the best strategy to use in retrieving the data?
I've been twice for breakfast (in the afternoon) and have come away completely satisfied each time.
How to use xpath in camel when the outermost element has an xmlns attribute?
I called on a Monday to confirm and got a dude saying they close 9ish.
I am a comlplete fan, in particular of their cheese section, which in many ways is the world's best.
You'll need to use your package manager to install them; exactly what commands you need and what package names you need depends entirely on which distribution of Linux (if you're using Linux) you have, and you don't give this information.
The XmlReader does not by default (but see Colin's and dh's suggestion) assume that it is the only one using a stream, so the first option is the only Dispose safe one.
The downside to the small venue is that it can become hard to talk with other folks.
I do however go during lunch time when they aren't as busy.
Perfect for a nice night out with your sweetheart.
You have quite a number of formatting erros in your code!
We got at the restaurant around 7:30, ordered drinks, ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas.
Our entrees cooked to an excellent temperature.
PHP is run on a server, Your browser is a client.
\""A burger at an upscale seafood restaurant?\"" you might ask?
Why are methods like setters used, instead of changing properties directly in Javascript?
If K &lt;&lt; N, min heap is good enough because creation of heap is O(n), and if K &lt;&lt; N selecting first K items is at most O(N), otherwise you could use to find Kth smallest element in then select numbers which are smaller than found item.
So naughty.\n\nI mean, I don't even like donuts all that much but it just felt wrong not to order an item that was just so blatantly taunting.
By that time I really was drunk, and I can't remember.
The F3 key command will then also not be routed to the browser.
( ) If anyone can help me with this problem please leave a comment because I can't get rid of it.
If you only have 1000 nodes with just scores in them, that's not a lot of data.
Love Phil's for a nice lunch.
If I open another website on the same local web server I can see yet again another Abandoned Connection Clean Up thread created and another set of http threads created.
And that tasty Taco Bell quality I've come to enjoy when I'm good and hammered or just not in the mood to cook or drive very far.
I wanted to tear a page out and hand it to the waitress and ask her to bring me this.
Jon's is a pipe shop first and foremost, they just happen to carry cigars too.\n\nThey have a huge selection of pipes, and most are priced fairly.
\n\nI have also been to the Mooresville branch which is consistent too.
I found if i use writeDelimitedTo() and parseDelimitedFrom(), then that is ok.
You can pass in a function to compute the Jacobian as the argument to the method: By default the function passed in for should return an array with the same number of rows as parameters, and each row the derivative with respect to each parameter being fitted.
Can anyone explain what exactly is happening and a workaround for this?
django ajax and non-ajax templates i have a django template - one that is normally loaded via a standard get request.
HTML is not valid if I put multiple forms within one table.
Clear upper bytes of __m128i How do I clear the upper bytes of a ?
In my practice, segfault gives you no useful error message in all cofigurations.
In practice, it works fine when you use “|” as such, but to conform to the standards and drafts, use percent encoding (% encoding, as defined in the URL specifications) for it, writing (case insensitive) instead:
If you really are so unhappy about this, rename it back after you're done with whatever is getting the problem.
Is anyone else having this issue, or solved it?
Excellent, full service dry cleaning & alterations Have been using them for the past six years and have nothing but accolades for them.
Actually, you can have many models on «MY_Model» (using require_once(APPPATH.'/core/some_other_model_name.php')), since «Codeigniter» only suports loading one MY_MODEL.
We really had a great time and enjoyed watching a play while eating and drinking.
The "if" statement should be typed in lowercase.
It's super expensive, but it has every right to be, because it's outstanding.
The Oyster House is Pittsburgh's oldest bar and restaurant, and has been featured in several movies over the years.
And they're affordable enough that I don't feel like I should hate myself afterwards.
They tend to get overwhelm when it is too busy.
I'm not sure this is a Sunday thing or what, but we were some of the only diners in the restaurant.
In addition, I'm using wro to generate unified angularjs-bootstrap js and css files, which are generated under and Eclipse cannot find them either.
Friendly service and decently priced for men and women.
I'm using Jade as a template engine and I see how it pulls the various components together and references them in the app.js (which is what is initially invoked by npm) so that, in effect is my "index".
\n\nThe food has always been good and fresh.
but after 3 or 4 bites you're mouth needs some time to cool down!!
Tennis channel on the small TV all day.
One for each Super Bowl we've won that make the Steelers the best of the best.\n\nSo ya.
How do I validate that two values do not equal each other in a Rails model?
Have your table view's delegate return a custom view for each header instead bu implementing -tableView:viewForHeaderInSection:.
No one on one, no personal touch.
\n\nAfter years of searching, I found a pendulum!
I want to use the server side partial templates like in the post
However, becareful, you have a syntax error in your english localisable : you must finish every line with ;
But if you go there knowing what to expect, you won't be disappointed.\nCheck their name of the day, you get a free meal!
Walked in on a whim after a busy night shopping on Walnut and enjoyed the food immensely.
This attribute must contain a list of comma-separated languages, like this : So i try to write a regex pattern to validate this.
Being from Arizona and working in Southern California I grew up eating Jack in the Box.
Popup value in Simulink Mask doesn't refresh I am currently masking a block in simulink.
If the possible duplicate doesn't fulfil your needs here's a way to do it - Plunker .
I have in my column: So the sort doesn't work.
Accordingly, this is not supported by functions.
I got their typical great service as well as a large selection in my size.
\n\nMy only criticism is that it is not an easy course to walk with long distances between holes.
Instead you get pita before your meal.
And they have the awards to back it up, winning last years Best Pizza in Pittsburgh Award for 2012 from a reputable area magazine.
The cheese sauce was very hearty and rich, served over linguini pasta.
\n\nMy co-worker always orders the fish sandwich.
I know that some implicit intent will be called with action of main and category of launcher.
Or you can just use jquery validation.
Odd, I know.\n\nThere are two things to be mindful of 1.
Therefore, I can not hardcode width.
Shooters express is my local gun range.
Only about 5 min past wholeys!
PROTOCOL DESIGN: Client: server: CODE: ServerSide: ClientSide:
I moved to Pittsburgh about four months ago, so I only have recent experience to go by, and I think this place is great.
Define stuff in onViewCreated() instead of in onCreate().
It has fries, cole slaw, an egg and American cheese.
Tucked away in the back of this natural food store is the most awesome thai deli!
I love the liver and onions above all else.
It states that as of v7 the TCP tuning is stored in the client configuration file.
Take a look at this link Look at section "Create a Project in the Google APIs Console" it will walk you through the whole process.
He was kind and honest--what more could you ask for from a mechanic?
Save room for the baklava, and don't share - you'll want your own piece.
I know, sounds too good to be true, but isn't.
For my entree, I ordered the double cut pork chop and my husband ordered the cioppino.
At the end of our meals we decided we had to try the famous \""Jackie O cake,\"" which was, sad to say, nothing particularly special.\n\nBest of all, we had no problems splitting the check multiple ways when it came time to leave.
There have been a few hiccups but, the service folks have always been accommodating and flexible to help work through things.\n\nI have tried taking my cars to other shops a few times but, honestly, the price savings weren't that great and I have received more reliable service from the dealer....\n\nhint: If you need a lot of work done, plan ahead and ask for a loaner car.
The burger had that freshly made look and taste, delicious!
So I went in, and I saw the sort of popular and unassuming place that every neighborhood should have.
I want to make a range from the cursor position at time a to the cursor position at time b.
PyQt4: Where can you make menus?
\n\nThe run down tiny shopping center this place is in could make one deduct a star or two but don't judge!\nThe food on a whole is more along the lines of 3 (bright shiny) stars .\n\n Definitely worth mentioning are the springs rolls, crispy and flavorful.
They give you a nice spring roll with your entree that isn't incredible, but definitely a nice touch for an already generous meal.
I mean guys you really feel like you're riding on the train!
You can have many databases on one connection.
Entertainment is hit or miss, but at least they have some.
Can you have a mediocre education with annoying/poor TAs, never talk to a prof, never leave the dorm?
They opened about a year ago and recently won the season finale of Cupcake Wars on the Food Network.
This weekend will be no exception.\n\nDo they still have the antler chandeliers?
She's taken me here before and IT RULED but I coudn't remember the name.
The vegetarian Tom Yum soup was perfect!
It's perfect for a brunch but filling enough for later on too.
Stripe card authentication passed from iPhone, failed on server The card was validated by Stripe's iPhone code, where I create a card, send to their server and receive a stripe token.
This place's food is great--I would suggest delivery though.
It's somewhat common knowledge that Python functions can have a maximum of 256 arguments.
Very nice staff, specially at the reception area where they had beverages and pastries.
I have followed the simple instructions from to no avail.
You need to call after the GetMem, before using the record.
It makes the whole electrical contractor mystery a lot easier to deal with.\n\nOn the capability side, Roby is a spinoff from Andrew Roby, which is a general contractor, and apparently they were doing so much electrical work, they just split the company off to do the electrical work, so you know that they have the experience.
or do I have to just go through every NSDictionary in NSDictionary and copy all data into a mutable copy and then reinsert everything?
Colleen the bartender advised me on the meal and Mike the bartender talked soccer and hoops.
Under options you see: -- Enable mobile invert style scrolling.
Even I was able to create longClickView() at particular screen location by introducing the timedelay between ACTION_DOWN and ACTION_UP event..
I did everything same with him, but mine is not works and not coming out any errors.
I wasn't really there long enough for food so I'll have to chime in on that at another time I suppose.
The language will need to be able to handle multiple result sets.
Please help ^_^ I want to declare a global variable that can modify my controller and use it anywhere, like controller, views, and etc.
They offer seasonals and new brews on occasion.\n\nAs far as beer is concerned, there's much better out there in Madison.
Because if all bean dependency class object is created at context level because of singleton then some of the instance not injected to dependent object reference.
I've been looking around and reading about handlers, but I don't fully understand how to implement them for my situation.
Then the module sends frequenly data to the phone.
Mom forgot her cane in the coed restroom.
I did and I still feel like I didn't see everything.
A bit short on space, but the interior decor is fun and a good place to eat with a couple other friends.
My boyfriend called ahead and told them i was vegetarian and the chef prepared a couple of things for me.
BUT, the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the portion size.
It wasn't till after we were served our food that we realized we didn't have any silverware.
Canvas versus DOM - What is the most efficient image display method in HTML5?
Soon, you'll discover their own personal sauce (which I hope you slather across your food), and a menu that has item descriptions which make you want to grow a second stomach.
Are there any benefits versus using a table with indexes?
\n\nI truly feel like they are happy to see us when we come in the door and go to extra pains to treat us well and we are just an average couple who aren't spending hundreds.
Just had their wings for the first time.
We had burgers that night and they were great.
Whenever thinking of doing a database, please think of how you want to use it.
To top it all off, their Caf\u00e9 Latte was made like I was in a sidewalk caf\u00e9 on the streets of Verona.\n\nLuce is one of the best for Italian in the Charlotte area.
Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I'm still able to get in and get out in a hurry.
Good airport & easy to get in or out.
Facebook API crashed after changing hosting server I implemented the Facebook API on my website and everything was working fine.
Your problem is a misunderstanding of how PHP provides your "value" in the foreach construct.
You need not know Java to configure the KeyFieldBasedPartitioner with Streaming.
They have plenty of vegetarian options for classic diner food that they do very well.
(Cheesesteak) and a tall Yuengling to go with.
Another way to do it simpler using jquery.
To create a new database, simply right click on the "Databases" object and select "New Database" The new database will not interfere with the existing one.
It's seems a code smell that your apps need to determine how replicas are placed.
The best in town for tire services!
Considering I knew next to nothing about this, I needed some attention from a worker who could answer questions about durability and how to take care of the flowers I was looking at.
Is this possible, and if so, how would it be done?
With UITableView trying to save memory in loading various cells, and with the use of dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifier...
What is a better way to do this as it seems dirty, perhaps the first occurrence of digits.digits.digits.digits and stopping at the next non digit character, a pattern looking for that?
The French onion soup is great.
We enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch, and enjoy it we did!
how to adjust div width based on other div postion I have two div's one is (red color) and second is (yellow color).
If you don't have a unix system:
The is already created for you, if you want to use a different key specify it using .
If you have control of the classes that you are iterating over, it would be better to create an interface.
great dogs and a huge selection of beer, imported and otherwise.
The folks there are helpful and they don't beat around the bush.
I was very pleased to find out that it's homemade and NOT canned.
Here are the related declarations in the header file too...
It looks beautiful and tastes delicious!
This place feels like home - a home built of tires and bolts and lots of unidentifiable bicycle parts.
Now if your code is asynchronous (like a call to some server), that "immediaticity" I have been talking about starts from the latest call to
At that point, the DOM updates have been completed.
13th, 2014 ), mentions: Windows support improved more than I guessed in my wildest dreams.
Let's say your image size is 1024x768, then:
the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing.
From your cakephp app you can check if a user exist in the phpbb forums table and you can use the phpbb session to check if a user is logged in.
Indeed Sparkle Basic wiki page is a bit misleading.
HUGE improvement from my first review.
The Marriott City Center has a great location close to everything.
I took a picture and couldn't stop laughing about how tiny they were.
Bulk Binds (BULK COLLECT &amp; FORALL) and Record Processing in Oracle Although this topic involves a much larger discussion of how to optimize database DML operations for large record sets, this approach is applicable for variable magnitudes of record volumes and even has a nice feature set, which includes a DML option called SAVE EXCEPTIONS , which enables a database operation to SKIP and continue past individual DML transactions that have encountered EXCEPTIONS.
Whatever your budget, this \""gift shop\"" (another term I hate) is a must to check out.
Ray Ozzie made it clear that Azure will be changing A LOT based on feedback from the developer community.
Basically, this table will be queried ONLY in this manner.
I have a good start to my application, an ok understanding of DI, IoC and am using the Repository, Service and UnitOfWork patterns.
What is the best way to call a php file with jquery ajax, have it process some inputs via $_GET, return those results and again use ajax to replace the content of a div?
I have tried the chicken salad sandwich and the reuben and they were great.
(you can ask for hotter if you need to)\n\nOutdoor tables-however are in a parking lot area.\n\nHeard the atmosphere is better at the other Salsa's location on Carmel Road but, haven't made it there yet.
The actual growler bottles were cheap though at only $3.
So I follow along the different solutions.
My sister had the Henny Penny sandwich.
It seems that every school in the entire Mecklenburg district sends daily day-trips here; I swear there are ALWAYS buses parked outside with large groups of children pouring out, smiling happily to be away from school.
At that time, I really enjoyed the racquetball court and I would typically have it to myself (trying to perfect my old handball skills).
But if it has to be a child element, you can do it using assertions, for example By the way, they are not called tags, they are called elements.
I adjusted this in the query above, although it is quite different from your result it might be what you actually need, maybe with a few changes.
Google Analytics iOS SDK - Multiple accounts I am trying to make my view controllers be tracked by two different accounts on my iPhone app.
The code what iam using is below: in the image where we have cyan color iam placing image there.i need to animate the image from starting of black color.
And I will certainly be going back just to check out their bacon night.
\n\nWho wants to go with me on a Wednesday for ~experimental~craft~drink~ night?
Thank you very much in advance!
the code below open the instance of driver chrome.
Yes it's possible and few samples here How to bind an array of objects to a Windows Form by using Visual C++ .NET or Visual C++ 2005 Programming Windows Forms with Managed Extensions for C++ How to: Do DDX/DDV Data Binding with Windows Forms
We don't come here for the service or the dim lights - we go for a good meal and you should too.
Django 1.9 : Templates: says: A list of IP addresses, as strings, that: Allow the debug() context processor to add some variables to the template context.
The code that invokes the keyboard and hides it later: Is there something I'm missing?
How is it possible that I haven't reviewed BofA Stadium yet?
We started with an order of Steamed Dumplings.
Oke i have a (ugly?) temporary Fix...
I absolutely Love Harold and the staff at Brownlee Park Road.
(Left to right , right to left - something like this)
In Ruby you can only access the value of a hash with .
At a recent game 3 of the 5 people in my party (myself included) were stung by hornets.
Why doesn’t [NSArray class] return what I expected?
The starter bread is corn bread and it is absolutely addicting.
This is a good restaurant, one of the best Big Burrito spots...
It might make few things easier for you.
The signs in the deck just say east or west not daily vs hourly.
Of course you can write a makefile by hand.
And I want to be sneaky about it!
So I am wondering how other people are dealing with similar scenarios?
This element could be the container element of a view in a Model-View-Controller design, for example, or document if the event handler wants to monitor all bubbling events in the document.
I'm trying to make a switch that'll allow the user to turn on and off location updates.
Not much you say about the Steelers that the sports world doesn't already know.
Out of the bars on campus, I'd have to say Murphy's is higher up on the list as they're a good place to stop by day or night.
even if your app is in paused/stopped state, log cat will still be working as long as device is connected.
A hotel doesn't give you that much room - you literally have your our own apartment.
Cooked perfectly, with a tangy sauce\n\nMushroom & spinach dumplings: a little smaller than expected, but the red pepper dipping sauce did it in for us.
Ideally as an attribute, probably custom, as I haven't found some built in.
My only complaint is their lack of outlets in the boarding areas.
Primefaces PIE chart animation Is there any way to animate primefaces .
I had the sausage platter, sauerkraut, coleslaw, and red cabbage...mmmmm!
I want to give some kind of feeling for what you'll find here, but the simple answer is - everything.
Perfectly cooked eggs, two huge sausage patties that were seared on the outside and moist/tender on the inside (yes they were cooked through!) :) Everything was just as I would order a breakfast if it were my last breakfast on earth.
Change Fill property of Path control inside ListBox I have a small question, I've created a that only contains 2 items.
Now, when I run the program, I get the following error : Neither binding result, nor model object available for 'person'.
I'm not sure how you went about setting up your CDH cluster, but it's rather easy to add the MapReducev1 service, as opposed to YARN, using Cloudera Manager.
The most recent update for Windows ( day 219, Sept.
Could you use a HyperLink control rather than a LinkButton?
Who cares, I'm sure it's ten times better than the solid half and half a lot of places are trying to pass off as custard around here.
My immediate thought was, "Ok, that makes sense, but if that's the reason then why is const special?" Apparently it isn't.
Keep up the great work to everyone that is keeping it ALIVE, goodonya.
But you should be aware of eventual changes of structure of array.
When it does so, a deadlock is reached since some internal mutex is already locked by the "terminate" call.
is evaluated before , so it is required for correct numbering.
\n\nI noticed each morning I was there (although I was late SHAME ON ME!) I was in and out in a decent amount of time, and he was even answering his own phones and checking his own patients in and out.
And the cornbread was good too.
On the simulator everything is working as expected.
There are two American style kotatsu tables that appear to seat up to six.
Subversion is like `a better CVS'.
This doesn't work for all objects, but for MATLAB graphics objects it does work.
\n\nLunch is usually served until 3pm, but on Saturdays it's 4pm.
Also I have not been disappointment with fish dishes, chicken.
By the way, you do not need the actual distance (c.f.
I went to Walt's due to the reviews I saw here on Yelp.
You're in such a fabulous location in the middle of everything and I can imagine the view is quite nice when it isn't so crowded.\n\n I am not sure if they were solely in charge of food, but my one complaint is that it was very sparse at an event featuring quite a bit of wine directly after work.
Both were delicious but small in size.
I just picked up a cookie platter ($32...see photo) for a party and it looks awesome.
But that's because I'm not a fan of burgers.
We then have two more models InvoiceEntry InvoiceEntryItem An InvoiceEntry is a superset of / it inherits from JournalEntry, so I've been using a OneToOneField (which is what we're using in the background on our current site).
One way to do is to create a column for each device in my spare parts table.
If you have other small children accompanying you then this bench is great for sleepy children.
I am glad I discovered this place, and will definitely go again.
This Irish Pub is pretty cool though, two bars on two floors and an outdoor seating area partially covered so your covered for the summer time thunderstorms on sunday funday.
And once again, Rosa gets my blouse back to me, looking like it had never stepped foot in a Mexican restaurant.\n\nThe best part, every time I stop in, Rosa tells me I'm pretty.
This place is by far my favorite bfast/brunch spot.
They have a huge selection of greeting cards in the back, but I've usually come here to browse the books (lots of Kurt Vonnegut) or the stationary and other gifts like that (notepads like \""While you were out\"" but with snarky commentary).
My husband ordered various beers throughout the night.
Need assistance regarding objective-c and opps concept Currently I am working on messaging app, which send text messages, image and audio files.
I love that you can pair the foods together with different teas for no up-charge.
Python3: File path problems Suppose my project structure is : In , I use to check whether the Json file exits.
Upstream is one of the most well-known restaurants in Charlotte.
I am so happy they aren't keeping this crab and scallop \""pot\"".
IE makes each second request to work.
I say this merely b/c a couple people have said it's a great date spot.
You can achieve a similar plot by using a simple such as the one plotted below.
The food is Portuguese, which is primarily fish based, so we ordered accordingly.
I know that Vs doesn't support MySQL to LINQ directly..
When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket, women tend to avoid making eye contact with you, thus making talent hard to judge
Overall the entire theater seemed clean, including bathrooms.
Great atmosphere and friendly service every time I go!!
It won't work without GCC or outside of shared libraries....
The commands are not described in Part 2 of the Specification but rather in Part 3 - Commands .
It only seems to work if all the previous animations have been completed normally in advance.
They're not going for a Michelin Star here and the goal is to serve good, consistent food day in and day out.
and streaming Video to Website I'm a BSc student and im working on my final year project i have planned to create a security system using OpenCV with C++ using OOP using Ms visual Studio 2012, so far i have managed to capture video from multiple webcams and even record the video separately However I realize that video only gets saved ones the application is closed.
QThreads can deadlock if they finish "naturally" during termination.
You can use some jquery plugins for it (just search something like "jquery vertical align plugin" in google, there are many plugins for it) or write your own script.
\n\nThe menu was a lot more extensive than I was expecting and I felt a bit overwhelmed, like being the new kid coming into a school halfway through the year.
Too bad the Giants didn't show up like the fans did.\n\nBy halftime we had had enough, it was our chance to get the lay of the land in the stadium and we found a couple of gems.
This will work for all characters.
\n\nThey have in the back of the room cups and pitchers with ice water, almost like a true Viennese cafe!
There is a shuttle service that runs from the hotel to down town ever hour.
Wings, dogs, veggie dogs...these aren't just your typical ballpark quality dogs.
I am confused why there is no data in the result set.
Unchecked exceptions are , and derivate classes.
You also get a small container of cole slaw and a white grocery store roll.
All items can easily be shared.
Lets just bump you up the list of cars and give you a free upgrade to a higher class of car, of which we already have one cleaned and ready.
No dank corners where sketchy people loitered, no broken machines, no weird funky old sneaker smells.
It works fine in the browser and in the simulator.
Regex to split up message_txt over 160 characters I am trying to split message text for a messaging system up into at most 160 character long sequences that end in spaces, unless it is the very last sequence, then it can end in anything as long as it is equal to or less than 160 characters.
We fell into Vin Santo on a busy Friday night before a recent marathon that the PIC was running in.
It's got that Edward Scissorhands Publix mojo.
This works fine when impersonating users from the same domain as the currently logged-in user.
I barely made a dent in it!
My use of a the delegate protocol goes back to Select and has it pass another note (previous or next) to Edit.
If I cross it out it all runs just fine.
Went for a tour of the brewery.\n\nThe tour guide was great, the brews were incredibly fresh and tasty, and we overall had the best experience of being a tourist in Madison, WI here.\n\nThe beer garden aspect is tempting for a possible future return, but we'll see.
I've had about half the list and can tell you I've never regretted my choice.
Nice folks, darn good diner food, nice size portions.
One of my favorite things to do is to order a dinner crepe, then split one of the fruit crepes as a dessert.
Let me mention this was my first time there.\n\nSo I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum.
this was the first place i had ever been to with those kind of options, but now i realize (here's why one star is taken off) the prices for 6 packs are not nearly as wonderful as the selection.
I think they have $3 pitchers every night.
I had the half rack with beans and potato salad.
CSS icon using :before keep text from wrapping under I have an icon placed using and the text following it sometimes wraps to two or three lines.
I went to the Charlotte Ballet Theatre to see One Voice Chorus, so I am not reviewing the company, just the structure itself.\nThe building has a nice reception area, perfect for mingling and having a drink before the show.
On further analysis, I found that the error boils up to an IOException in the Persistence class.
I went here after reading all the great reviews here on yelp.
Could somebody give me their ideas?
This would have allowed 'user1' to open user2's password file.
I agree with others that the beer cave is wonderful.
So the "proper" way of clearing the filter is to pass an empty string rather than a match-all regex.
Lightweight Excel(xls/xlsx) php library needed Possible Duplicate: A friend would like to use a Php Excel library to read/write files on formats xls and xlsx, he knows about the one called "PhpExcel" but apparently is way too big of a library for him.
Finally, a great neighborhood coffee shop that just so happens to brew fantastic coffee.
This is not a nice neighborhood.
Had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time.
I am using the following method to fetch the events.
This is a requirement for all applications loading KML into a KMLLayer.
CMD - filename by octal / hexa chars is here any way how to set variable in windows cmd, to be not easy to read?
I even clicked "Check names" before adding the user to folder, to make sure that I spelled everything correctly.
Many thanks in advance for your feedback.
Although, I'd probably be cheating myself because I have to work my way down the list of them all!\n\nThe only thing that would pull me away would be the french toast.
I can't give you the syntax off the type of my head, but consider a subquery to get the most recent backup date and add this to your WHERE clause of the main query.
I put the project up on git, so feel free to pull it down: The webpack.config.js is: Thanks for any advice/help folks have on this.
plugin sample app tutorial This might also be helpful: Android notifications Cordova local notifications plugin with instructions etc -> here you can see how the plugin is installed and used Be warned, that using proper push notifications you'll have to register your app first - if your notifications are not only local of course.
+ A[n-1][0] * B[n-1] I know the logic is easy but how to write in pythonic way?
This may be due to a recent change to the router component.
My data frame describes an experiment with two conditions.
What i want is to display the data using AJAX in a step by step manner.
is the authentication for only external sites)?
I live in Chicago but whenEVER I'm in town I get my nails did here!!!
I stop here every time I am in the Strip.
I would like to calculate the sliding window correlation between the two, i.e.
It doesn't work neither on a server with remote access allowed nor with one without.
And of course the beautiful and delicious food!
I will keep going back until they close!
Built-in functions vs recursive functions I am not a mathematician, nor a computer scientist - just a hobbyist programmer and I am trying to teach myself Python by doing the Euler Project problems.
So I think that the fundamental issue is not related to a Delphi version upgrade, but rather is related to you having locked your toolbars.
But trust me I've seen some people who could barely boil water so that shouldn't stop you.\n\nIF you want to improve your cooking skills in any area, take some Chef's Choice courses at JWU.
I believe the proper way would be to parse with hpricot and then pass what you're extracting from the document to HTMLEntity.
For Chrissakes, they have Delirium on tap!
Sauce is also good, nothing crazy, just good ole pizza sauce.
The mailman was eating lunch when we were there.
Kudos to the manager, really made our night.\n\nWe also had other meals from the wonderful menu.
But as always, the best solution depends on how well the existing project is written.
What a great restaurant with authentic German food!
Yes, this spa is probably pricey compared to other places, but it's in a nice hotel with a certain type of clientele I'm sure.
I have also looked at this: However, this doesn't seem to operate and I am unsure as to how to fix?
I've only been able to find posts from ~2013 that state this is against Instagram TOS.
But don't don't forget the wings.
If not might be something on your computer.
I don't have a favorite drink, but \""Mocha\"" is a place where you can be comfortable enough to ask what a particular drink is and you won't get a snippy answer.
My partner had one of the chef specials, which was by far the most interesting, but maybe not the tastiest.
Their spaghetti sauce is awesome, and get the balsamic on your salad.
Especially the Kings Drive location, their layout is more intimate and better.
Any ideas what is causing this problems in IE?
Love the carrott juice with ginger YUM!
It is only nearly visible with the dark-theme.
Due to it's location on the edge of the uptown sky scrapers, rooms that face town have a great ariel view of uptown and/or Panthers Stadium.
Nothing really stands out for me in the realm of fries, sandwhiches and wings.
C++ exceptions can be tricky to get right so not everyone uses them, but if you do use them you will find you have to pay a lot of attention to how you do error notification.
The staff is gruff, but friendly, true Pittsburghers.\n\nThe bad: As I mentioned, it was founded in 1870, and it doesn't appear to have been updated since, it felt run down.
You can see their second bar through the front windows.
Preventing startx after login on my Raspberry pi I'm trying to set up my pi to operate through SSH in anticipation of a robot project.
Looking forward to going back again.
like this: But I'd have to develop a whole new routing system in order to fit multiple actions into that file, which is...
To achieve this, I have a Python code (python 3) that uses Queue, Multithreading and Urllib3.
You're getting errors on your php script.
Now go off and have some fun!
To me it looks like a bug.
This can cause problems if a method blocks within a invocation what makes this implementation complex.
Instead you'll want to use and set the option like this.
While this code will print the four values entered once you fix those issues, it is a convoluted way to teach you about loops.
You end up with something rather inefficient and fragile.
Great price of $7.95, but when you sit down it also comes with iced tea and a bowl of soup.
it works just take very long time to get into my mind..
It just really cozy and you get to sit around and talk while the chef prepares your food in front of you.
Does it mean, the messages are repeated somehow?
I came here with a few friends today for a late lunch after a race.
The location = little scary, especially if you would go at night.
They serve great local coffee and desserts too.
reload is quite heavy to do every view seconds, certainly with a lot of data.
China Inn seems to have improved since I last reviewed.
I've tried both and as scopes.
Wish there was a local alternative to Starbucks.
Well I believe the default user acls are still working and they are not overrided.
You may be able to use "float" as the precision value.
The salmon roll is above average, usually has that fresh salmon taste to it, but it's not that large.
What I mean by catalogue is that the database hold the path to the actual data file(s) as well as some metadata.
Where are the errors in my code?
And, if you have nothing else to go on other than it's in a in your page, then you can use this generic code that looks at all elements in the page.
I really need to address this first.
Wireless wlan0 management I implemented a function in order to connect my device to an access point which contains : I don't understand why the iw mlan0 connect $SSID command keep the prompt.
\n\nBeing the annoyingly inquisitive Yelper that I am, I had some questions involving hypotheticals - what if a troop of vegan friends were staying with me sometime in the future and I wanted to treat them to an amazing meal?
In my opinion, almost all restaurants in the Madison area are bland.
You would probably benefit from a resource like: or
I found a swank pair of tan and white shoes that I couldn't take my eyes off of.
This is a very small, yet nice store.
This may not help in your situation but you may want to take a look at the new validation features coming with the next version of EF and see if the will help you any.
I went with the vegetable garden soup; others at the table went with chili and salad.
Great atmosphere, wonderful service and really great food.
also the tomato sauce is used sparingly which I like.
The paging itself works, but the active slide is the same for each div - i.e.
My only issues were that there were some left over plates of food nearby that were waiting to be taken away that sort of detracted from the experience.
The file called (stats.php) however does not do anything and as such I do not know if its working and what the issue is as to why it isn't.
An impromptu party/picnic in the yard.
If you aren't in a crazy rush, your money won't go farther for better food anywhere in Market Square.
\n\nLater on, we ended up moving to a stable much closer to home that offered more challenges for her as well as more opportunities for competition -especially in the hunter-jumper arena.
I was the first feel good experience I have had at a repair shop.
(Seriously, LaGuardia...for all of our sake)\n\nI've only used Charlotte for connections, so can't comment on the parking, ticketing, or security lines.
I am guessing you are asking about what happens when the string you parse is above the int - threshold.
To then see the activity of the log (including messages you printed to it), checkout the logcat .
My problem are causing groupboxes on my winform.
convert unsigned short mat to vector in opencv I load a depth image in opencv with then get a subimage of it with now I want to convert that sub_image into a vector I try with that found here in StackOverflow in a similar question but it seems it doesnt work properly.
In order to ease the use of global variables, G-WAN provides persistent pointers ( , , or ): Several examples, like persistence.c or stream3.c illustrate how to proceed with real-life programs.
However I need to know which variable is left side of the "=" operator.
I was charged $85 for my partial highlights which I thought was a little expensive just for that!
So you don't have a problem on encoding-decoding of images.
The Strip District folks asked for a signed CD and gave me a free Roethlisburger in return.
It is also centrally located between midtown & uptown districts, which is nice if you have people coming from out of town or simply from different sides of town.
Google Logging Library has those functions/macros: , , .
Way to Attach to an Oxyplot render exception I have an oxyplot plot that is occasionally throwing an exception and displaying it to my users, but it does not bubble up to my application.
They're seasoned with something I couldn't identify and served with tartar.
Dynamically generating a function name based on a variable What I want is to create a function whose name will come from the content of one of my variables.
Of course there are many other items on the menu from crunch-wraps to cinnamon twists, but the best part of taco bell is that this great variety of menu options is offered from 2 in the afternoon to 2 in the morning!\n\nSo if you want good, cheap, filling, food, you know what to do - RUN FOR THE BORDER!
I think you missed 2 quotes and a +.
My model is How to create Admin view with the same filter ?
Sometimes there are buttons in these popovers, on top of the web views.
It seems to be \""covered\"" by the trees that surround it, and I would imagine is a great (and busy) place to dine during warmer months.
I'm not sure if this will work or if I need to do something more.
I thought service was good here; we got our food in a decent amount of time.
Setting the ListView to this adapter This works properly, the progress bar just disappears before all of the listings are displayed.
The staff were friendly, but as another yelper stated.
All told, your constant buffer is 80 bytes in size.
The php code you show (which really just sends the work to convert in a shell) does not check to see if the images have alpha channels, it just takes whatever file is given and turns it on.
However there were very few servers around and the service was'nt great either..
There is also a nice variety.
Honestly, this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.
But actually it is not a feature that is considered for the web browser.
nullPointerException after Screen rotation I get nullPointerException exception returned by object after screen rotation although i am passing null in super.onCreate(null); .
We weren't really sure what any of the dish's were, and the server offered no clarification.
The Steelers are the model for what all Professional Football teams strive to be.
It's appearing that the PlugIns aren't being loaded in time based on the application output.
However, the only thing about maven I know is how to add dependencies to a project.
Did you put the whole thing in a ?
Is your wallet getting fatter by the second?
Afterwards, you can get additional servings of your favorite from the Trio.
you must remember that in Java you always copy the reference of the parameter when you call a method (more about that in For your code to work properly, you need to do: ...
Hence the change in file size.
While some complain about the portion sizes being too small, I've always felt like they were perfect.
I cannot get the filter API to work on this page.
I'm sure I'm missing something obvious but I can't see what.
Greenplum is a mofified version designed for data warehousing applications.
The ice cream is nothing special but its the booths and the menus and the pretty decor that really got me.
It's a Best Western, but among Best Westerns, it's a nice one.
Clutter will not replace GTK+: GTK+ is a very complex library that provides system integration, complex widgets, and other utility API that Clutter has no interest in providing.
2 draft beers and 2 hotdogs is close to $25.
The user is able to click a thumbnail of an image and then be directed to a new page with a full size copy of that image.
Any help would be apreciated and thank you very much in advance.
The mCameraImageFiltersAdapter is defined as : The CameraFilterFactoy is just a easy to use class to access to the GPUImage This code is working fine in the List view.
Is there any other way to write ?
My POC board is running embedded linux and I have also cross compiled Qt libraries(including Webkit) and transferred it to the board.
We started with the Pineapple Upside Down Martini, what an amazing cocktail.
log4cplusud.lib missing when building with VisualStudio i already have a complete VS Solution (that is working on other systems) and i am trying to get it to build on my computer aswell.
Unfortunately, they don't deliver to us, so we had to go there to get it.
How do I store DatePicker Time in a SQLite database?
Obviously I've got something like this: So that's all great, whenever somebody clicks a link with it'll open my app.
Create the query with and then get it via function.
Remember that they validate parking tickets too!
But inside in the you can simply directly call this methods.
I first tried to use buildpack/jordansissel/heroku-buildpack-meteor.git, but I got an error "Meteor requires Node v0.10.41 or later" I then tried to use buildpack/michaltakac/meteor-buildpack-horse.git but it failed to push because it couldn't unpack Node.
requesting will call which will then return a version of The image is returned using; As far as I'm aware, using this method to return the image, there is no safe way to check if the user already has a cached a version of this image.
You can have entities without virtual members when you use interfaces to create proxies from.
In the "Guide to Active Record Associations", I recommend reading section 2.8: Choosing Between has_many :through and has_and_belongs_to_many The simplest rule of thumb is that you should set up a has_many :through relationship if you need to work with the relationship model as an independent entity.
First time i have ever been to this place, and the milkshake I got was delicious.
\n\nLast year, there was a drought in NC so their corn maze was only about waist high in some spots.
I want to analyze a piece of document and build an ontology from it.
I feel like I walk for days.
There is an example, if this is what you are looking for: Animated Window Opener Script
Ventured in to the Harmony to celebrate the closing of my new house; turns out it's located about 1.5 blocks from my new pad, so I have a feeling I'll be getting more familiar with The Harmony.\n\nWhat a cool place.
Even the the deactivate event from the must be dispatched!
I'm sure a lot of their other food is good too, but anyone that names a sandwich after the local hero and my favourite (joint) QB, is going to get my business, and since that sandwich is so delicious, it's the only thing I've ever ordered since I started going there.
But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical .
UPDATE _field1 = _feild2 for every row Is there a way to update a Table, and move the data from one row to another?
After reading it on the menu, I didn't think it sounded like something I would like.
* Please like if this post help you!*
Also in reference to anyone who might point out that it's my fault for buying a plan with a cheap, slow host on a shared plan..
Or does exist any different mechanism how to achieve this effect?
Have you considered basing your VM on something like LLVM ?
Just implement the operation YourLinkedList.getByIndex() for convinience, add the size atribute to hold the number of items in the linked list, then create one more linkedList and perform the bottom-up merge-sort like you would do with a simple array.
Our bartender Michael was an absolute delight...
So, my advice would be to order your steak under what you would at other steakhouses.
Here's what I've got so far: This returns the following error: I'm stuck as to the format of the " " object, and also how to append a row to the end of the sheet, rather than having to specify a particular range.
I sat in the bar, ordered a trio of appetizers and watched the Celtics/Magic playoff game on TV.\n\nPros\n-Attentive Service - the bartender was Johnny on the Spot and got my martini to me coldly and quickly, kept my water full and got my food out fast and hot.
Please check the Last Lien of Code,
\n\nVery pleasant experience and definitely worth it to save $8.
In your case there should probably be only one or two options.
Though I have to say that they started to feel a bit heavy about half way through.
php bootstrap error with modal I have the below scripts running but once I add a remote file link for the modal, it will not update.
represents the regular Viginere ciphertext, the modified Viginere ciphertext Now simply solve for the original ciphertext Once you have the regular ciphertext, break it as usual.
The best part about the place is that it's across the state line...and we know we'd rather purchase booze in SC than in NC.
The seared tuna, made medium-rare, was warm and crunchy on the outside due to the sesame encrusted skin but still retained a nice, raw non-fishy tuna taste on the inside.
In some sense it was worth it, just be prepared.
Your distribution probably has a separate package for it.
remove unused/bad index to speed up response from table Hi I have table with stat below I have used for this stat.
As the reviews of Casbah appear to be particularly long-winded ...
I don't know if I'd say the best in Charlotte, but they were pretty good!
(the error message is a bit different, but essentially the same) Beside the fact, that it is possible to prevent the error by avoiding raw types, it puzzles me, because i don't understand the reason.
Once when I was feeling bold, Rick and I split an order of Crispy Whole Fish with Homemade Spicy Hunan Sauce.
Only thing is, I don't like the selection of vegetables they use.
We ordered the calamari appetizer, chicken parm and chicken cioffa, and bread pudding for dessert.
But #2 Does not show the wide character warning!!
Just the right amount of layering and length.
I will really appreciate any help.
As a note, tasting menus are not available--two specials seemed to offered every night.
This means your assignments at the end for the tempState, currState and nextState cannot work (as you have discovered).
while iterating, try This will sum up the qty for refnum's in the map and once your iteration is over, the map will have the sums of quantities for each refnum.
If the list of files is very long this could be very slow.
In Charlotte for a quick business trip, I found this gem on Yelp.
Codeigniter error Unable to load the requested file 0.php but theres no such file I am new to Codeigniter and it is throwing the error: unable to load the requested file 0.php But there's no such file!
I know this is an old post, but I was able to get rid of the error by commenting out the call to "strip_save_dsym" from tools/strip_from_xcode line 61ish.
— Otherwise, if either operand is float, the other shall be converted to float.
As you enter there is a display of fudge, but they only want to cut it for you on the way out.
Pass your parameter or user response as request attributes while executing the php.
Now you want to select all rows from another table table_dediche, where column dediche does not containt anything that is in the table $nome.
I would like to do this so I may later iterate through the collection and see if a given control has the properties in my collection (and the values of the properties in the control match the values defined in my collection).
Referencing the docs here: mysql_query will return false in certain cases: "mysql_query() will also fail and return FALSE if the user does not have permission to access the table(s) referenced by the query." Further, you either have a bare word in there "tblurser" or there is a "$" missing.
Well worth a visit while shopping the strip.
Created an of and added following code: 2.1 Create inside Code Now if you create a inside your code, the UIButton` and create the Button.
Both outside and in the place looks like an ordinary, run-of-the-mill bar, so I wasn't expecting anything special.
Text is going to left side only.
I had the Etouffee with all 3 options, Chicken, Shrimp and Crawfish.
What are the options to solve this?
This happens because any variable which is declared inside a do-while construct is only in scope within that same loop, it cannot be accessed outside the loop, or in the loop condition.
and i using margo template from graygrids it also appear in summernote modals for uploading picture, so it looks like all modal will appear behind those navigation bar.
Everything was organized, on the right size hangers, and there was plenty of helpful staff to assist me if I needed a different size.
Despite being busy, it did not feel overcrowded with their 2 levels of seating.\n\nI also ordered a bag of beans.
This code is the relevant portion of my program, and it produces an array out of bounds error, and I can't figure out why.
Cooper, Milt at the bar were super gracious and friendly hosts!
The MSDN says in the docs about RowIndex property When the RowIndex property returns -1, the cell is either a column header, or the cell's row is shared.
I get two dogs with toppings at the local Sunoco for $2.22.
Which feels very pleasant.\n\nGot my warm cookie, breakfast coupons and free Internet for being a diamond member.\n\nI never tried breakfast, even though I had free breakfast coupons I was simply too lazy to wake up early enough to try it.\n\nThe gym was nice, they had free weights, 2 treadmill (one was broken) and 2 elliptical machines.\n\nParking was in a parking structure that requires your hotel card or pay as you go.\n\nI would recommend this hotel.
You can easy add it as static param to url manager rules.
Otherwise, they have plenty of pasteries/cookies to eat that are pretty good.
I have Node version 0.10.45 for the use Meteor 1.3.2 on Ubuntu 14.04 64 Bits on a Strato VPS.
Their managers and staff are all knowledgeable about the beer list and can steer you in the right direction \n\nIf you're a beer snob, this is a place you should check out.
Overall, I recommend this restaurant for breakfast
Not only do you learn about the aircraft itself, but you learn about the story behind the aircraft.
Now, Klavon's is a few blocks away from most of the popular places (we were at Salem's, which is also great, but that's another review), but it's easy to walk to and easy to find with all the neon signs.\n\nWhen you walk in to Klavon's, you're taken back in time.
Now I am afraid if my coding follows the protocol accurately.
Why am I getting index out of bounds error from database I know what index out of bounds is all about.
Mask image is here | I need this output - Output image is here User uploaded image need to be in background with blur effect and image is in a design i need dude's.
Since you are storing pointers in your vector, you cannot use to search by a value.
So, there are multiple ways of representing text as sequences of bytes.
The food is great, it's in a super cute hood, the atmosphere is cozy and comfy, and the service is always spot on.
To replace the whole line with , you can do: It looks for a line matching , and replaces the whole line with .
Just make sure to delete the messages you've scanned afterwards.
This is my first visit....I decided to join my friend (it's her Birthday) Personally I only visit nail salons that use Tub liners, which this place doesn't....so my search will continue.
Sped up some of the procs and most of the CORS errors stopped happening, the same needs to be done for the other procs and then they will all work again.
They have all the information in their leases.
However, I will say that the gumbo shouldn't be called gumbo.
The portions are interesting, it starts out with a couple very small plates (tartare, sashimi) and you're thinking like, \""oh my god, I'm going to be so hungry after this.\"" But they get more substantial with some nigiri and a couple warm plates, and finally a gigantic dessert and at this point you're like, \""oh my god, that was way too much food.\"" Overall, the tasting menu played out nicely.
I had the chocolate make which was so beautifully prepared and delectable although extremely rich with the dark chocolate.
I would like to see if what I'm wanting do is correct or if I'm missing something.
But if, like me, you are in grad school and up to your ass in student loan debt, this is the place for you.
I dropped by Chet's without an appointment or anything, and one of the mechanics came out to the parking lot to take a look at my car right away (free of charge).
Yeah, I'm kind of lame but still!\n\nThey keep the laundromat incredibly clean, notably their front loading washers.
But you need this only if the function needs access the internals of these classes - are you sure the public interface of the classes doesn't suffice?
I detected salt free cooking but the fish really popped once I added house made cocktail sauce.
wasTerminated here is actually implemented a bit more complex, using atomic ints:
And yes, I know most people would think that all blues are \""past due\"", but this stuff had the ammonia taste that's the telltale sign that the cheese has gone.) Still love PennMac, but have a little caution.
Again would it block the main route?
If you want to generate random locations, you can use .
How can I achieve this most easily?
any ideas on how i could get my array to only have a parameter size of 8 without a seg fault error?
Let me qualify that by pointing out that I've dined at some pretty special places both locally and across the country.
She was apologetic about being backed up wtih work, but I wasn't in a hurry.
Been to Italy, New York...Fiori's is the best.
Luckily for me, today, there was a WWII reenactment happening this weekend.\n\nOn the night of July 9th, 1943, the Allied invasion of Sicily , codenamed Operation Husky, commenced.
Can you help me find a solution?
That should say something.\nMy love for Whole Foods resides in the Organic Salad Bar, and Prepared Foods section.
At happy hour, I had incredible Belgian wheat beer for about $3 and even the pizza wasn't bad.
The idea is that the anchors of each SVG should match inside a global co-ordination system for simplicity).
In this case, you're paying more for the shopping experience and the quality of products.
It's our way of avoiding the malls and such and to have a girls day of sorts.
Their choices are more on the crunchy/hippie side than the high-end gourmet side of things, and it's nice to shop for vegetables without having to turn something down because it's not organic...most of the produce is.
The food is always exceptional and the service attentive and cordial.
Here is the relevant code (doesn't work): The reason is that I want a click anywhere in the table cell to check/uncheck the checkbox.
i was a little put off by how dirty the place seemed, but the pizza was DELICIOUS.
After moving to the big city, I realized just how good the bus system at UofI is.
This means I have a relation set up in "myBadges" that just points to the User class, not to the class "FriendRequest".
\n\nMy kids, for some odd reason, love Ethiopian/Eritrean food, and we've tracked it down in New York, Chicago, DC, and our hometown, Philadelphia.
android: listActivity under Tab Sorry if this is a repeat, none of the solutions I found online worked for me.
It is about the same as playing football with a high school football team.
New pita caf\u00e9 is a welcome addition to a classic bakery and some of the best hummus in Pittsburgh.
Great little place just across the border.
While we got down off our bar stools he did say 'thank you, enjoy your meals.'\n\nOur waitress was Tasha and she was very pleasant; we ordered the mozzarella sticks as an appetizer and chatted in between watching basketball and Men's gymnastics on one of their many TV's.
Fragrant Italian herbs infiltrated my nostrils...
For some reason, this (the presence of ) is the obscure method Apple uses to determine if your app supports a 4" display.
Once the boolean is set to False, I want the grid splitter and bottom row to appear.
It's open 24/7 and has a full menu.
The food here is authentic and tasty and the place itself is a gem of kitch.
However, I want to calculate average response times only when participants got the response right (i.e.
I guess it caused by the integer size.
How can I do that with BigDecimal values?
The space is really small, so it does fill up, but it's perfectly cozy.
Before starting a range request, I first check if it is supported using a HEAD request.
Also, I have set the selection mode to 'fullrowselect' Please suggest changes to my code
The venue is extremely charming too.
The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.
How can I iterate through a function with for loop?
Oh, and don't mind the NASCAR-themed restaurants in concourse B -- there's a California Pizza Kitchen in there, too.\n\nAs I said, I've never parked, checked in or used the baggage claim, so you're on your own there.
I have Javascript set so that by default you only see the first option.
But to me, she's always nice and sweet.\n\nI like this place...
Andy's sushi bar is a convenient little stand set up inside Wholly's in the Strip District of Pittsburgh.
The food is always above average and consistent.
The URL that get's loaded into the iframe contains URL params for the name of the user.
Beware though, rarely anything has english labels on it.
Edit: If is not the problem, have you verified that the markup generated by the is the same or reasonably equivalent to the markup you're generating in the ?
What you are looking for is .
Maybe because it was beside the ice cream sundae stand.
Also there is a lag on the second customer for some reason.
DrawerLayout will still respond to calls to openDrawer(int), closeDrawer(int) and friends if a drawer is locked.
Now the issue is that I need to show a heightmap, each datapoint has a height value, and I need to apply that to the mesh.
Assuming that you have indeed got the correct device ID, the obvious conclusion is that you are attempting to read the value of a property that does not exist.
Visual Studio unable to get developer license This error is obtained when trying to obtain developer license from Visual Studio 2015.
Hope that somebody knowledgable on this can help ...
From my point of view the class should be removed from folder and be recompiled from the new version of the .java file, but this only happens when I manually start build from Gradle.
using shared peferences to save colors I have an app that uses a color picking dialog to change the app background color, and the text color.
The savory ones (like the smoked salmon), the sweet ones, all of them are just plain great.
This place is just cool and the food is delicious.
Consider a callback to actually set the value, e.g., or .
Macros are used in C in many places where C++ has language features to do the same, especially symbolic constants (C has but lots of older code uses instead), and for generics (where C++ uses templates).
\n\nOne of the best kept Le Mardi Gras secrets is that on Sunday they offer free food to their patrons.
Let x is the length of the leftmost stick and y is the length of the rightmost stick.
So you need to make sure all the requests you want secured are handled by the security filter chain, and also that your filter chain is properly configured (which it should be automatically if you're using the namespace).
A little more excitement in the game and a few more wins, and you'll have another fan.
Webpack: Module build failed with jade-loader This is likely a config issue, but I'm new to Webpack and haven't been able to figure it out after a few days.
It's dimly lit, underground, but often times has a pianist setting the New Orleans mood.\n\nThe food is incredible.
Relocate mouse cursor on screen I am using Python and PyCharm.
How to assign a value of base page element from child page's Page_Load?
I suspect that this is because the test program is not linked with the standard math library.
Here is a sample of my code The issue comes in the WM_KEYUP case, when I tried to set "Trigger t", I get the error "'Trigger' : undeclared identifier." What can I do to reference the Trigger object from ProgramWndProc?
Here is my custom windows class:
The medics took great care of us.
Since Android 6 there is a Backup API.
ElasticSearch: unable to resolve class org.joda.time.Period I'm using this script in order to get the time difference between two fields: The problem is ES is telling me that:
We really enjoy the happy hour specials, 3p-6p.
\nWhile the location is a little far I am willing to trek all the way to Lotus for a few ingredients that only they have in stock!
Want good bloody mary's to kick off your Saturday or Sunday morning?
Real chunks of raspberry and white chocolate, it was just an awesome ending to a great meal.
A hack working on v0.9.0 is to find an instance of QTMButton: It is a hack though so it might have unintended consequences and might not work in past or future versions.
There are plenty of people who come in and try and sell you something.
There's a large deli menu and very fresh tasty coffee, in addition to your standard one-of-everything-else lining the shelves.
Is there some way to test s for equality without converting them to s first?
Is awk the answer or is there something simpler?
I had to find these three different types of cheese to make my lasagna from scratch and the guy working at the cheese area was very helpful.
DisplayNameFor method has an overload for , that means you will be able to do this: doesn't have this overload, because should be used for a specific element, such as: EDIT: If you wan to post that data to controller, better create an , name it : Then in the View get rid of the loop:
It was suggested in a that I should make use of MarkerWithLabel.
They were crispy, the sauce was tangy and plentiful, plus it was just plain hot wings and they were delicious!\n\nSo the joint looks like it may have seen some better days...
Accessing the "URL" / upload / the only thing is that returns "True" part of settings.py urls.py views.py models.py uploadify_tags.py template - uploadify/multi_file_upload.html
\n\nMy total bill came to just over $11 (which is more than I normally spend on lunch) but I definitely have enough food for 2 meals, so I have yummy left-overs to look forward to tomorrow!
I can't reproduce this scenario, but this code won´t go back to a previuos cube.
If you're new to Charlotte and still adjusting to living in the New South, go to Mert's Heart & Soul in uptown.
As other people have said, don't you dare eat a single thing before you come here or you will have to be rolled out like Violet Beauregarde.\n\nThey start you off with a complimentary blood mary or mimosa.
Does anyone even order anything else?\n\nFYI to Holly S., there was a Monical's in Chicago's Western Suburbs (Lombard?) a few years ago but sadly, it closed.
\n\nWhen I went to pick up it today, it wasn't even touched and wasn't ready.
They always have nice drink selections, but I love that they serve the small Coca-Cola bottles with a glass of ice, it gives the experience that European touch!
I can't wait to return to Pittsburgh to visit Soba again!
I always get the pan fried noodles...
I did it one at a time and to make the ComboBox False works.
Are repositories changing more from CVS to SVN or the reverse?
I will readily recommend this location to any visiting clients in the future.
We started with the goat cheese appetizer which was creamy and decadent, though didn't scream \""goat cheese\"" to me.
The other elements escape me, but it was nice that my table mate gave me a bite.
This is because this function only press the key and not release it.
By picking an element that is guaranteed to be present at the time the delegated event handler is attached, you can use delegated events to avoid the need to frequently attach and remove event handlers.
\n\nAfter all of this I probably would have given 3 stars.
But returns me 0 results, and it's not ok.
Huge portions of very authentic Italian dishes.
My wife had the flank steak and it was delicious (she shared a bite).\n\nWine selection was more than adequate and the dessert (cafe la coq) was very good.\n\nI don't give 5 stars easily, so 4 stars from me is very good!
Small but not too small, inviting atmosphere, comfortable lighting, and no over the top decorating.
There was a change in a master data which now has longger character (varchar).
Add an event to the body template to handle the click event.
It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers, but their selection is fairly broad, and the space is small, so I won't dwell too much on that.
I had a seamstress friend look at it and she was even stumped by the darts on the chest and how to exactly go about fixing it.
I make my own, from dried chick peas, and I've been working on this recipe for 25 years (along with my Bloody Mary recipe and about a hundred others).
Also, "View Certificates" has an Issued to: label which shows what URL the certificate is valid against.
Then you'll be able to mock or overload it in a subclass you are to test.
And none of my code seems to really work.
The disabled member of your menu item will look like this: As James Thorpe commented, you'll want to create a custom binding handler to set up your context menu.
And to top it all off the bars have an excellent beer selection...
We waited 20 mins at 10 am on a Saturday.
In your .htaccess, add the following for each type of file type: See:
I highly recommend giving it a try.
For a double, there is 53 bits of precision, so that is more than enough to exactly represent any 32 bit integer, and a tiny (statistically speaking) proportion of 64 bit ones too.
I have a with some rows and cells.
It think the problem is in the swap when a duplcate is found but I am using the same function for the sorting swap.
Also, I wasn't able to reproduce an issue where Windows key was held down?
It has everything you could want - cardio, weights, machines, trainers, power-lifting/strong man equipment, boxing, plus yoga and martial arts classes upstairs.
I'm messing around with Visual Studio 2013, writing a pretty simple C++ Console Application.
I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu.
\nLike I said though, this place is fantastic for veg food, so give it a try.
Not the best potato dumplings in a gnocchi, but still quite good.
Now requirement is when user taps somewhere else than that popview, I want to remove that view from superview.
This type is designed to implement Persian Date Data Types in the right way.
I don't care much for beer or oysters to judge (I suck), but the rest of the party raved about both.
If you synthesized your property using then if you call then you just assign new value to the property.
Do powershell parameters need to be at the front of the script?
im messing around with a master page, and i want to use jquery and another javascript file to a simple tamplate im creating.
Merts did not disappoint.\nIt's not upscale, fancy, yuppified, or pretentious.\nEverything was a little unique to Merts.\nWaitress sold us on her favorites which, for us, was dead on.
But let's look at a concrete Filter: FilterIterators work by extending the class and modifying it's accept() method with custom logic.
I've got a lot of pages in my site, I'm trying to think of a nice way to separate these into areas that are a little more isolated than just simple directories under my base web project.
I still have a ways to go, but I've learned more than just finance and stocks and bonds and amortization and cost/benefit analyses and all the other information you'll learn in an MBA program.
As a rough outline of how you might organize your classes / methods:
Our waitress had a lot of great suggestions and seemed very knowledgeable of the menu.
I marked them with 2 red arrows.
Also, please phrase your answer as if I do not even know what java is, no programming language examples please?
All day, specially during dinner time, people will open it and let it slam shut.
Can v4l2 be used to read audio and video from the same device?
The problem is that it doesn't work.
But currently, if you want to prevent table cells from being at least as wide as the longest word, and still avoid breaking inside words when it's not necessary, you can use Note this will get rid of some special table behaviors, e.g.
The staff member that checked us in was very friendly and informative about attractions in the area.
Is there a way in NSRegularExpressions to give me index of the results so I can compare them to see what's left side of "=".
How to use jQuery with phantomjs I'm trying to do a simple test of jQuery with phantomjs: This should print out the title, but instead nothing happens.
(Unless it's a compiler target-specific bug, which seems unlikely; plus, you haven't told us what platform you're compiling on.)
Is it possible for me to do the advanced data extraction from Google Analytics for the following task?
\n\nI got there as happy hour was finishing up, but it seemed like it was the place to be for local finance execs.
They all use Dreamweaver CS3 and PhotoShop (something i know nothing about).
If I was a \""playa\"", I'd take my date here for the sure win in the restaurant category.\n\nWe were in town for the Charlotte Heroes Comic Con and stopped here for dinner.
Below is the exception when i try to configure the How should i configure my servlet/JSP page for the URL rewriting?
I ordered the Chorizo omelet with banana pancakes.
These become the new centroids for the next iteration.
She really seems to care that you are happy with her work.
After reading a few reviews on Yelp, I guess I was expecting a little larger restaurant, but this is in a small place, basically a diner.
in the html that you have, do you have the background color in the TD elements of the table?
Paste Sort by name (ascending) and date (descending) all at once (rather than two operations).
We came inside and sat at the bar.
Only when compiling your binary the linker will remove duplicates.
Your function is not "returning" anything.
YUM.\n\nI ordered the Gail's eggs which were scrambled eggs topped with green onion and cream cheese.
It would be great if they had men's and women's large family locker rooms rather that single rooms.\n\nMy four stat rating is based primarily on the pools.
This has become ours, in Madison.
Even if static pages are going to be slightly faster than loading every page from the database, with projects such as these you have to take into consideration numerous other factors.
(Thank you Dora for teaching me something.)\nVery kid friendly and very speedy!
I've done some tests and it's because when i send the second url through &amp;feature=feedu gets read as a separate $_POST value.
My getter and setter functions for Tic Tac Toe are not working Hello I am learning C++ and I need help with my programming code.
basic idea: with grouping added for canonical output then just run that against your inputs and for each phone number input you will have 3 matching groups, one for the area code, one for the prefix, and one for the suffix which you can output however you want.
I want to upload photos to my own instagram account programatically from my Rails app.
And of course, love our rocking chairs!
(and ) returns an iterator to the element if found, or the specified iterator if not found.
My husband got something called the Chevy spread?
Zorbas is amazing and an important part of my UIUC experience!
Am I really enforced to do the call everywhere?
I am using the CastCompanionLibrary, though I do not think that it matters in this case.
There is also ample street parking, which is really nice.
Just a lunch spot where you can get a hot dog done right.
First create a database that uses the Contacts template (or you can use your contacts database.
Upon arriving I was told he was running behind and wasn't sure how long it was going to be.
Does Android support cross application file access Does android support cross application file access i mean Lets say Application A created a file called "abcd.txt", can we access the file "abcd.txt" from another application B like how it can be possible in windows and not possible in iOS.
It's funny b/c the two people who helped me also give their food Acana Ranchlands.
It's fantastic, and has quickly become part of our regular line up.\n\nI'll say again that I'm not certain how the food is Portuguese.
Get* REST api methods should be using the HTTP GET method (I'm not sure if being RESTful is your goal, just thought I would point that out).
;-)) Maybe this double-escaping was introduced when the project was converted to Xcode 5.
But, I confess that for my leftovers I'm making some tahini sauce.\n\n- Hummus.
In my login panel, I have one login and a .
There is a small kitchenette stocked with coffee, tea, cold drinks and lite snacks.
Next, on the swipe of an , I want to clear the and display the next 10 (as a "next page" type thing).
The staff is always friendly and they will modify dishes if you request it.
The layout and decor is really welcoming and has a great feel.
\n\nFast forward fifteen years later (what?!) and I was back at Casbah with Jonathan D.
He had another Spotted Cow and we cashed out.\n\nAll in all another nice afternoon at Applebee's.
The remoulade sauce \""made\"" this dish.
To answer your question, for a pure css solution the answer would be no it is not possible.
I don't think I would ever give a fast food chain 5 stars, but if I did this would be it.
I'll try to explain: On the developer machine (PC1) the language setting is German(Germany).
\n\nOne downside is that they usually could use a few more cashiers up front when things are busy.
Finally if you want you can even book a room at the Union Hotel for the night
Not only is the place crammed with Carolina folks cheering away, they actually sell real Blue Cups from He's Not Here.
Doing so gives me one shot to set some parameters when Edit is instantiated.
I worked around the issue by adding 76 to my input data (100,176) for time being ..
Your food will be out in 3 minutes and you will not be disappointed.
The solution is to ensure that all virtual methods that are not pure are defined.
List of possible elements expected (all of the VS 2013 Toolbox): I already included the 'Xamarin.Android.Support v4' library and a Reference exists to my Project.
Sushi Kim is one of those Korean restaurants you'll find in most N.
I realize that is not the correct term, but it is my theory.
Crawfish scampi quite spicy lots of crawfish.
And perhaps I'm lying a tiny bit, I do love me some George Jones.
The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly, super helpful and happy!
I'm really new at Android dev.
So , what's the use of writing the method m2() as abstract in the first code.
My company booked a one night reservation for me last minute on a Sunday.
It's a bit too dark roasted for me in that I cannot really taste/smell the characteristics of the beans, but nothing obviously disappointing in general.
I have never had a bad meal here and have been going here since I was a kid.
\n\nI was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.
It was pretty tasty and spicy to me, and had me stuffed!
One solution would be to declare more outside the loop and only update its value inside.
Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw, the fact that it's a dry slaw does it for me.
It appears as if running it through the FileProtocolHandler causes it to open fine.
They do take out and delivery!
A cursor is a recursive zipper like mechanism for editing an immutable nested associated datastructure.
function should really only open a document and not do other validation/checks.
When it gets crowded, service can be slower but be patient since it's only the husband and wife team that are holding down the fort.
No frills, filling food, with LOTS AND LOTS of cheese and beans.
Further, should be in the end.
It's a diner , kinda of self explanatory seeing as to how that's part of the name.
They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic!
Try this instead (assuming your entity is named ):
Coming here at 2pm on a weekday, you'll also be joining the ladies who lunch, just fyi, this is Shadyside after all!
For SQL Server, that means square brackets.
Maybe next time I'll take that in my purse...ssshh!
Parking was easy and but not cheep at $10.
I suggest you to create json object from your vars and pass it as argument, something like: Or (for more readable keys) And your function you can define like: Update: if your vars are already in array you can:
No one would probably ever go there (besides the old, crotchety regulars) were it not for the world-famous burgers.
Other question is about MERIT like directshow.
Redirecting the user with an HTTP redirect, javascript or meta refresh tag does not work.
Highly recommend the new Black Angus sandwich over the traditional \""No 2 Best Seller\"" ...
The burrito is also topped off with a green tomatillo sauce, which I love, too.
We arrived shortly before 6 and were seated promptly and served water and greeted by multiple servers.
I've tried messing with the function on the ListView like so: This seems to work as expected and in the RenderRow function I can check if that specific row is visible, and try to re-render and images in that row by passing a prop to the image component, but the image component still isn't updating when I return true from when the isVisible prop changes.
Now change if condition to Hope it will help you
In this example I would like to be able to let the frequency be set as well while avoiding circular dependencies.
Just make sure you're watching the game primarily then pipe in when you know the answer and people next to you have absolutely no idea what the answer is.
Google Drive folders seem to either have 28 or 72 character long ids.
\n\nCLT knows how to do a layover right!
Definitely recommend the lot for your next party of 20 to 25 people.
The Genleman graciously took me to this Dark Library room they have with a nice big couch and lazyboys, He turned off the lights and gave me a nice cozy blanket.
I have found the cost of services to be reasonable and the office staff always explains the charges if I have questions.
I am pretty sure this might be one of the worst possible things to eat health wise, but damn was it good!!!
I am unable to find a way to do it?
I have no idea what's wrong with me.
So if I use the first approach My query becomes large or more formally I have to use my id as the source for finding my pending connections because I have to look in other user docs for finding who sends me invitation.
The MEX file is written in C.
They also sell all of their goods within 48 hours and donate unsold bread to charity.
Does anyone know of code that does this with Javascript/css alone?
My friend says the hot and sour soup here is the best she's tasted as well.
All in all a very good experience.
Very affordable especially during the holiday season!
And, the deli meat is Boar's Head, the best!
In the first cell of the last row I have some content ( for example).
They also have both family-oriented locker rooms and facilities for adults only.
After linking, in the binary file there will be just one symbol with the name .
I have been here twice already and these people just don't stop.
Sorry, but my budget won't stretch that far.
If anyone have information about these object and what problem they can cause in application.
EclipseLink Profiler shows multiple registered object being created In my development environment when i run a ReadAllQuery using a simple get all JQPL query, i noticed after using the EL profiler that there several read object queries that get executed each adding time to my total time.
I stayed years ago for business and was impressed and recently stayed for a wedding weekend and was not let down.
like this: A slighly modified code (with the csv data loading from nodes in HTML) is available in this fiddle .
Charlotte has too many flyers with status with USAir.
I ended up creating this little baby: Works quite nice for the purpose.
So, you can check the message then just set it in your of the layout.
You can see that my "myno" is sent as a string.
They have really fast service seemingly even when there is a crowd.
But the flatMap method of Try is not really flattening anything.
In your table, the would be a foreign key to the value - this allows you to relate to the values in the table without needing them duplicated in the table.
The staff is friendly and forthcoming.
When the APP runs on Android 5.1 or the latest version 6.0, BLE pairing is terminated by error code (error code: 13), while BLE connection is succeed.
What you get after embedding doesn't contain blocks.
Right Click the project name and select Identity and Access in the menu.
I have disabled the loggedin user display in the header so that I can use the registrants First and Last name which arent entered until the Credit Card page.
You have to install express via node and go from there.
Such a fun place to get an interesting plate of great food.
\n\nThis is the place I usually come after my flight has landed in Madison.
You probably want to create two functions in R: : a function that retrieves the data from your database, and returns the data frame.
The add function returns a boolean which you can check to determine if the item was already in the Set.
Check out everything at Dive into HTML5 especially the 'Detecting HTML5 Techniques' section.
the chicken fingers remind me of Arby's breading.
So where should I put friend class A.
There's no need to strip the square brackets.
\n\nJust recently bought a King Cake for Fat Tuesday, and it was by far the best I've ever had and very affordable.\n\nStop by for snack!
I grew up around the corner from Rusty's and I've been going here for as long as I can remember.
There is a cover but it is worth it!
Extract details that are in both using awk or sed I'm trying to write a script which needs to extract details that exist on both versions.
I have to reload the page to close the modal.
It would avoid the need to send messages back and forth through the scopes and have a single source of truth.
Perhaps it can be achieved by wrapping the in a .
The salmon hash is a dream.
This place is must stop every time I travel back over to the east coast!
I also noticed a sign that explained the meaning behind their pickle ornament but unfortunately they were out of these.
You can create «MY_Model» place it on «Application/core».
In you have line Here the slicing occurs.
(See photos) \n\nAfter the experience we both agreed we would do that again anytime we found a deal, but that 12 hours was about as long as we would be willing to spend on board.
You will have 3 records returned from Table B.
If not, then 'push' object into the array, else do nothing.
Can anyone help me make this code work?
Which one is better for social networking integration in iOS development?
Highly recommend Smoky Jon's and will be visiting again soon.
Their garlic cheddar bread is divine, and they have some of the best whole grain breads I've ever tasted.
You need to store the locale of the language that was selected on the login form and then make use of it when you generate your UIs after login.
Only complaint was that it was not very warm but that's OK with a hot dog i guess.\n\nIf you can find this place you need to go!
\n\nOne great thing about this place is that you can stop in and grab a slice or two if you're in a hurry.
Something to remember if you are headed that way.
Despite these things, I will definitely be coming back!
Having said thAt the customs here is totally automated, which is a big plus.
\n\nThe rest of the menu offers some very good salads, some decent wraps, and a few pasta dishes.
Service has been great 2/3 visits, with attentive and friendly staff open to offering suggestions, and an owner who spends time talking with the various groups.
There is no order of evaluation issue.
There is a R# settings manager plugin for resharper that stores all of this I think, including stylecop settings
Using to create web application is quite low-level.
They've since moved closer to campus on Kirby, and I'm sure you get the heart stopping goodness that you used to get in the hood.
We call them dipping sauces (lol) and have even gone so far as to plan a trip to Madison based on the soups that day.
I strongly recommend the hospitality and culinary program for anyone interested in those fields.
I figured they do things differently down there and maybe my expectations probably exceeded most coming from the northwest.
5.- Tabs or spaces for indenting?
THEN RETURN TO SAID YELP REVIEW AND THANK ME.
If you must have forms always work but tracking can be sacrificed if absolutely necessary, you could just try/catch it.
helper method renders an anchor tag.
I have been trying to figure this out, but I can't seem to make it run as smoothly as I've been hoping.
(my bouquets/centerpieces were faith roses with cream hydrangea)
Need to redirect 404 to the home page.
When trying to run my program, the first Pascal's triangle prints bu then I get an Exception error, reading this: Through debugging, I noticed that there is an issue with how I formatted the String output in line 19.
The call is optimizing for the objective function starting from the initial value and passing no options ( ).
Oh we split a small spinach salad to start.
In general it is just a code-like representation of an algorithm, while maintaining a high level and readability.
I didn't realize they were serving from their bar menu as well as from Savannah Red (great restaurant on property).
I think this is what you want: As a function you'd have to do something like: Note that this won't assign to , so you'll have to use something like , which is probably not ideal (making copies).
To increase the performance I am thinking to implementing multi threading in this solution.
I wrote some code for this serialization: It doesn't give exactly what i want.
To do this: 1) In my controller, with respect to the view in which the table above lies, I add the code below: 2) I create a view called AdvisorStudents.cshtml (eg, [url]/Advisor/AdvisorStudents) 3) In the view the table of advisors lie, I add the JavaScript below, DISCLAIMER: I borrowed a lot of this from the aforementioned reference.
Here are my 2 pages and code.
Could you explain the difference between these rules in detail?
The bread was great.\n\nThere was absolutely nothing to complain about in this dining experience.
The way you are doing it is correct, though you can use better syntax.
In this case you would have separate repository (fork) of LibraryB, but it would be inside working area of ProjectA; the commit in ProjectA would have instead of having tree of LibraryB as subtree, pointer to commit in LibraryB repository.
But any who, the guacamole sat for a few moments and it turned a really funky green that I'm not use to.
What I need to do is send in a list of values and select the columns for an entity from those values.
On one occasion, our coach even had us swim in the warm & cloudy 25 yard pool bc this pool was so cold.\n\nThe facility is older, but if you are a swimmer this is a great place and will definitely meet your needs.
I was fortunate enough to see the Dead Sea Scrolls there and will be going back to check out Body Worlds this month.
I've found some code here on Stackoverflow (can't find that link) which generate HTML code dynamically via JS.
This can be done by presenting a behaviour-enabled wrapper of the Model object rather than the Model object itself - e.g.
SQL INJECTION ^ Please Google that!
I've added to the manifest: Permissions: all-permissions Codebase: * Trusted-Library: true This removed error dialog popup.
Instead, I have to keep relying on a two-phase process such as the one I outlined above.
It makes no sense to have them heritable.
In particular, I'm hopeful that visual representations of error and properly created ranking systems (taking into account error, standard deviations, etc.) will help the situation.
No, you don't need to create a service to access a database on a server.
Good strong drinks at good prices.
If you don't have any option to alter the csv file then you can create a staging table without the identity column and perform the bulk insert operation.
Just do not use the objectIDs on your server.
) You should check with your cardiologist before ordering these fine delicacies.
\n But I would stay here again.
With the rain ever-present we had our own rainforest jungle to enjoy to ourselves, which made for a very peaceful experience.
The lifetime of an automatic object ends at the end of the block where it is declared.
So, makes a list of objects.
However, in the second 3x2 square, with every jump the reward is decreased with a multiplier of 0.9.
Oh, and this includes a Sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord of food that IS provided to you.....you just have to prepare it.
How to terminate a server socket thread on timeout?
Always a good time, although it's definitely not a place I would visit often.
Mistakes happen but as long as management attempts to make it right, which they did here, means we will be back.
They had cleaned/waxed the outside, and even cleaned and detailed the inside!
Because it's a really small place (the tables are tightly-packed in), there's no waiter service, and your meal is served on Styrofoam.
No, currently that's not possible since you can either use the default mongo data engine or switch it with the Eve-Sqlalchemy engine.
Yabba-dabba-doo.\n\n Sides were a la carte and just \""okay\"".\n\nIf it weren't for the steep prices of this place, I would return just for the crab-cakes alone.\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
This review is for the maternity ward specifically.\n\nI have had 2 children here and it was such an awesome experience both times.
reloading media folder in wagtail I'm trying to add images to the the cms.
PixelMed , in particular, contains an XML and XSLT based validator.
They also accommodated her request to have thin spaghetti for the pasta and serve with Alfredo Sauce, which they did for a dollar more.
It's resolving IP addresses to names that would make a performance impact.
I've never used swfobject but from what I'm seeing you've created a swf object and are asking it to be added to the videoDiv element.
Not that I'm cheap, it's just that having three dogs adds up.
how to read html page using python?
Google's servers need to be able to find and retrieve the content in order to display it on the map - this also means that the file can't be on a password-protected page.
If I have a little more disposable income, I go down the road to Whole Foods to get my prepared deli/bakery fix.
There was a glitch in handling custom protocols in the redirect URI therefore the error page.
(like bacon is 49 cents a slice!).
Most excellent place even if it is a bit pricey.
smarty : assign var and scope root I have a template in smarty like this : Template folder home.tpl article.tpl category.tpl var.tpl In each template file (except var.tpl), i include the file var.tpl.
She automatically knew which cheese to recommend based on what would compliment the meat that we had.
So I've been hearing this joint has one of the \""Best\"" burgers in town.
I am pretty sure this is exactly how google images stays while showing millions of images from http sites.
It's a mess and screwing up today's children, but I'm totally guilty of helicopter doggie parenting.\n\nAll of which is to say that I'm not going to drop Gus off at some random place while I go to work.
If you want to delete from Order_Item, reverse the tables.
But it doesn't work for &lt; width and > height, I can go to the right and bottom until it exits the frame, why?
It is a tiny bit cramped when there are several people loading up plates, but everyone was understanding and laughed off the occasional bumps.
Do this recursively until there are no more views found.
Therefore, B has a vtable, because its function is virtual.
The selection is great, but they were out of my size in several shoes that I wanted to try.
Service was top notch, and the food was excellent.
So convenient and easy, as your time waiting in line is all but eliminated.\n\nI also think the seating inside the theater is very good, from most all levels.
EDIT: One thing I forgot to add is that the IL Rewriter is completely independent of the C# compiler and there are no dependencies between the two.
I woke up one morning to find a note attached to my windshield to inform me that I was the victim of a hit and run.
I still prefer Texas connecting flights since flying across from East coast to West isn't fun.
There is a short orientation video, tour, and training to make you feel comfortable.
We had one night to go out to dinner during our recent Charlotte visit, and Al Mike's is where my friend wanted to take us.
\n\nI brought a $8 jar of tahini from Giant Eagle and came in here two days later and saw I could have brought twice as much from here for the same price.
All the other times, including this time, I was told my car looked great.
So lovely to visit this airport!
Pete, the bartender, is the BEST and will take good care of you!
In my younger years, I would go for the hotcakes.
At least that's what I thought I was doing.
Was staying at the comfort inn next to Perkins and the clerk told me they gave 10% off for guests.
There is a really cool section of seats about 30 feet back from the stage - this is where I sat.
I can whip something else up if this doesn't work.
My mom, sister and I went in there this past weekend and found the staff to be quite informative and friendly.
Just be careful shopping on the weekends!
What you could use instead is one of the .net 4 concurrent collections, these do provide some thread synchronisation on your behalf, so that you do not need to use the locking.
I will be going back for sure as I have more business in Charlotte...
Stare for a second at the type signature: First off, is a subclass of , which describes some sort of machinery taking some input to some output.
Yavorski, who was sweet, encouraging and calm at all times - well, except for my last appointment when it seemed labor was imminent (it was) - then she was appropriately excited.
Building HTML in code is a nightmare.
I tryied but return just class.
I'm currently doing it like this to work around the fact that you can't REFERENCE a table that hasn't been created yet.
I'd say this place is pretty hipster.\nNot just \""alternative,\"" like all the edgy people you can muster in CU come here - it has a real hipster attitude.\n\nBut I still love it.\nAll the beers.
You also need to get a slice of the Sweet Potato Pie if they have any left.\n\nUnfortunately, the service is unpredictable and you may be in for a long wait.
I even tried hardcoding the SQL from the stored procedure into the web page but still get the same results On my dev machine the original stored procedure runs and my new stored procedure does return consistent results regardless of whether viewed through the web page or Management Studio.
We had our tickets printed out already, and stepped into line.
It's not smart to bulk shop organic produce, because it goes bad faster.
I looked on internet and object tag looked promising but it is not working in IE11.
Never perform redirections to error pages - instead return the error message in the original response.
\""Oh, I believe it,\"" she said.
After working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.
If you're talking about large volumes of data (millions of rows+), then you will get have a benefit from using different tables to store them in.
If you just FreeMem(newItem), you will leak memory because the memory occupied by the strings and other compiler managed fields in that record will not be released.
You should check out Code Contracts ; they do pretty much exactly what you're asking.
How do I get what I need to implement it correctly.
How do I put div after div with fixed position?
So in the query below I want to know how many cancelled and active subscriptions each account has.
I think they spiked it, crazy amazing, not overly sweet, the texture was nice, and it melts in the mouth.\n\nHere's the kicker; I ate all the food and this doesn't really happen much, but it was perfect portion.
I am not really sure what you mean by integrating bootstrap with Meanjs, according to me it is already integrated in the default app.
Magento crons with hour in cron expression not scheduling I have been trying to schedule a cron job at 1830 hours daily but it never is scheduled However when I schedule a cron using the minutes expression, it is always scheduled I understand that Magento schedules crons using the UTC timezone, and the expressions that I have tried are to do with times in UTC.
But then I get another error.
Staff is also very good with children.
Some other great things about the store...bulk spices (very reasonably priced), olive oil, dried fruit, deli meats, and more.
This will get complicated for more complicated folder structures (when checking the children of a folder before deletion, you'll have to check grandchildren...
Our table had a variety of steak and shrimp items, which were served first since they cook more quickly than chicken (no one wants rare chicken).
I attempt to remove it, but I guess I'm not able to.
There are couple of things you could do easily.
I know of a few programs like Pyrit which helps to apply GPU acceleration for precomputing hashes.
First thing, you should fix up your markup, your nesting is wrong: And change your CSS to something like this: This means all your list items are invisible, but for the toggle and if the nav has a class , or if the mouse hovers the nav (on a desktop).
And whoa, explosion in my mouth (or a slight clog in my arteries) I felt it.
I am new to shell scripting and this is the code that i have it is giving me an error, what is the correct code to pull the date out of the variable $line.
after Excel or Word close event display at dialog box.
That's not how tab view controllers work.
He explained the entire menu, he talked about each dipping sauce, how to cook your food, etc.
It has marinara and toasted bread points for dipping.
Amusement point was the presentation: with the 2 balls for eyes and olive oil half arch below, it looked like a smiley face.
Wings were 35 cents a piece, had a choice of 5 different marinades, and were quite good.
If you're going to have a station like that, shouldn't there be *someone* there?\n\nEven with that, we had a nice stay.
As I did not see any cherries (or taste for that matter) their presence within the dish.
I have cleared the cache folders.
Is it something about incorrect configuration in mysql server please help me out here: script:
but I'm not sure the C preprocessor is good enough for this.
You probably don't want the CoffeeScript compiler to run on every request (it's pretty fast, but it's still going to reduce the number of requests/second your server can handle); instead, you'd want to compile your HTML once and then serve the compiled version from a cache.
\nI had the Pad Kee Mow, AKA Drunken Noodles.
The waiter was a little overly friendly and was a bit uncomfortable toward the end of the meal.\nThe setting, environment, and welcoming staff were the highlights.
And what is the relation between the canvas width , height and meshs on in the canvas?
So ignore anyone talking about hot-dogs and come here for the beer.
Two bulldogs came in after being walked and hang out at the back of the salon.
\n\nIt sits on this little hill in the heart of Pittsburgh, the corner of Liberty and Grant.
\n\nI have also used their dry cleaning service and they do a great job!
Opus appears to be thread safe, so long as you create separate OpusDecoder objects for each thread.
PyGame doc: Font.render() The text can only be a single line: newline characters are not rendered.
To a limited extent, the Nagle algorithm already takes care of this for naive services, delaying the packet until the peer actually indicates that it's ready for more data, and that's usually sufficient.
This is the place to go if you're in the University area!
The special was chicken atop cheese curd and then topped itself with pesto.
You could look at the bulkhead pattern for example (and maybe the reactive manifesto if you're interested on this pattern and facing complex data flows).
How to compile dependencies using cmake?
It will give you the most recent StatusID for each Person.
It's a great and elegant place to have a group event.
The users and groups div will always be 150px, and I want the shoutbox to take up the rest.
I will start going to this store again.
\n\nOur server was friendly and attentive- he recommended a nice chardonnay for my dinner and was pleasantly surprised it was in the $8 range.The atmosphere was a little stark- nicer for a quiet date than a girls night.
They have a large outside play area!
I have verified the default LdapAuthoritiesPopulator issues search requests in the same manner.
The potential for 5 stars was definitely there.
Me and chickie ended up living a couple of miles from Carowinds a few years ago but had no desire to visit.
I've been stuck in this issue for quite sometime, since it's frustrating to run this detection algorithm thru my test data for statistics and threshold adjustment.
form page My db is called album and the table musik.
It's also a great place for a date or happy hour with colleagues/clients.
Years ago I discovered this quaint grocer and their awesome lunch counter.
I can't remember offhand how to show the developer tab.
It seems it is not possible to modify the asset name directly in normal game code, but I have been unable to determine if it can be done from within a custom content processor.
I get this: Its correct, there is no square, because that's what I'm trying to create.
Island Coffee while I was at work.
Android gps : how to check if a certain point has been reached?
There are python modules for ipc such as and .
I'll have to leave next year, and who knows, I might rent another place w these guys.
The Best Sports Bar in town.
\n\nI was worried about a wait for a Sunday morning but it was surprisingly only 15minutes.
For instance: You could use IIS + ARR (application request routing), or maybe nginx or other servers supporting this.
I have found one problem, could someone explain to me why this happens ?
You can't assign this pointer to an array.
Generally there are several different ways to start service: startService() - after that you need to explicitly stop service with stopService() [bindService()][2] - this method allow you to manage the lifecycle of service automaticaly.
The staff at Shomars speed you through the ordering process then they hand you a number and you choose your booth.
It has everything the Italian Pittsburgher could want.
The drinks are amazing, especially the beer selection.
I'm trying to have this plugin depend on the maven-dependency-plugin to copy all my projects dependencies.
Note that the method does not have to be anonymous: you could make an equivalent named method.
The most efficient way probably is to create a completely random array order and cache that for every user.
The fried okra was great, a staple southern side, and the sweet tea is very sweet.
It's a short walk away, so I go there a lot.
Always done with a smile and you can't really go wrong.
Since my ladyfriend and I had had such a marvelous experience purchasing her Crosstrek from Folger Subaru, I emailed our salesman Kevin and said, \""Hey, if you can find me a good deal on a Crosstrek or Impreza hatchback with a manual transmission - I'll buy one too.\"" \n\nA short time later, Kevin presented me with info a marine blue pearl XV with a 5-speed manual on a lot in Chapel Hill.
The meal ended with fortune cookies and a plate of succulent oranges.
The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove.
There were a few employees in the computer section, but I didn't necessarily need assistance so I just started to look at prices and read boxes.
I also don't understand why tumblr posts a javascript in the first only video.
Service is pretty good as well.
I.e., the rest of the explanation applies.
I searched the web and I found ways to read the cookie on the server side.
Is it possible to install SSL on Google app engine for iPhone application?
Hilarious especially when you see such a place in the Southeast.
For a very good reason: it's not!
This outputs what i want BUT.....
For more info on using responses with error status code have a look here:
The ribs were pretty good and I really liked the sauce and bought a bottle.
I hate sitting on a plane for more than a few hours but as long I reached my destination I'm good and on time.
It's also clean, and that's pretty much all I can say about it.
I like the juice selection and if I was holding onto a little more money this is where I would always shop.
The XML configuration is the same as it was originally and shown here for completeness: The code to create the loggers is below.
Drink specials at night are super cheap.
An acquaintance said to use the thread safe version which had the php5apache2_4.dll.
(Disclaimer: Don't know the file name / type name where this is applied, but in C this is declared in a header; Don't know how can this be done for 64-bit flaots since the mantissa must have 52bits and -in a 32bit target- ints have 32 bits).
In Charlotte for business and wanted some good local fair.
Au jus on the side, a basil based sauce that perfectly complemented the hoagie.
My image files are named like in the fiddle (image-1.jpg, image-2.jpg etc.).
It was really fun to do something different from the usual Capitol bar scene.
You should use that rather than the class, and you should change the type when you instantiate mainTabVC to MyTabBarController, instead of UITabBarController.
I have searched on Google, but I can't find anything when searching on creating array with custom indexes .
like every time user clicks on button if rules are applied what will be the impact.
there's a really neat blue painting with concentric circles, which tricks your eyes into thinking it's breathing.
The constants of imeOptions includes a variety of actions and flags, see the link above for their values.
I've tried many things here and have never had anything bad.
and i want to find 5m distance all feed then it works but it shows me that this feed have 5m.
I'm always amazed at the different types of displays they have.
He loves their mac and cheese and grilled cheese sandwiches, though I think he likes their crayons more.\n\nFor a fun family dinner, a good beer, watching a game, getting together with friends, or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew, I strongly recommend D's.
\n\nBe warned, it can be hard to get to via car, since the street arrangement in that area is totally wacky.
I would definitely go back to her.\n\nOverall, traumatic experience but I would go back only because the salon treated me well and tried to correct it as quickly as possible.
Once you get your DOM element, which I am assuming is what "el" is, you can simply use the getElementsByTagName() method to get the anchors.
\n\nI'd still return here, although at these price levels, just not as often.
\n\nWhen I return back to \""the Burgh\"" I will definitely return back to this hotel!
The answer is never ever \""no\"" to any animal.
The app used to run fine when I had the number and number of messages to be sent already programmed into the code.
This is your typical NC BBQ w/vinegar sauce being the specialty.
Take out wings are usually soggy or\nOver cooked...not these!
This is the best soul restaurant!!!
This is the first time in a very long time that I didn't leave a salon and pull my hair back.
We've always loved Salsa's, but always had two reservations about going there: 1.
This Forum thread includes a VB program to strip the control characters from the MText.
I loved the cucumber salad and the kidney bean salad.
Can someone explain this, and if there's a known workaround?
They do push to pad the bill but I knew it and accepted so shame on me.
Plus, the owner seemed to be very hands-on.
I think triangle hoagies are great for parties and tailgates.
Your choice of meat with some nice itailian deli selections, kolbassi(haven't seen that on a menu i around SF), or fish, below a nice bed of fresh made and not too dripping wet coleslaw.
I found last_value() fit very well with this which would return: A B C | Id 1 2 3 | 1 1 4 5 | 1 1 4 6 | 1 for me to operate furhter on.
Simple food that really speaks for itself is what you'll get here, but the portions are great so you'll never walk out hungry!\n\nI've never tried dessert here, but I'd be willing to it if I ever had enough room left over!
Depending on your view towards art - this place can be pretty interesting with their showcase of some unconventional art piece.
The bartender also came by and checked to make sure I liked my cosmo (I wasn't sure I'd like it).
Fatima in particular is so sweet, remembers my name and where I live, and goes above and beyond to make me feel like a valued customer.
I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was good.
When a user submits the form their IP address is added into a database table.
If you do have active binlogs, look at this manual
Drives into WI are not new to me, family trips during my childhood are some of my fondest memories.
The walnuts are chopped so finely, you can barely detect them.
OpenNLP - hosts a variety of java-based NLP tools which perform sentence detection, tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, chunking and parsing, named-entity detection, and co-reference analysis using the Maxent machine learning package.
One of these variables is a tax percentage (in the form of 1.X) and the other is any positive, real number.
The capturing groups correspond to the rules given above, along with the invalid placeholder rule: escaped – This group matches the escape sequence, e.g.
Here you can see the above mentioned working example.
LINQ query with many tables, left outer joins, and where clause I need to translate this SQL query into LINQ in c#.
We know that the folder still exists and the specified user has access to it.
My father, visiting from out of town, and on the hunt for an apple fritter, struck out on his own to find Mt.
Being new to the city, I went into panic about finding a new hair stylist.
However, since this is an unreliable approach I've decided to move to Azure's Notification Hub service.
You will not use Facebook User IDs for any purpose outside your application (e.g., your infrastructure, code, or services necessary to build and run your application).
It is definitely easier said than done though, as you either have to make a "just in time" calculation to move everything in respect to the player (and still suffer rounding errors) or come up with a more elegant solution.
I didn't think it was sleazy.
I have no complaints and would certainly visit this restaurant again.
I can't say how helpful this is- you just feed the coupon into the gate and off you go- no digging for cash or waiting for a credit card receipt to slow you down.
I have a Donut Chart with 3 categories (arcs): Facebook (50%), Twitter(30%) and Instagram(20%).
The chef accommodated one of us who needed gluten free and was very nice about it.
Any recommendations for how to get around this?
You can make the database sort for you!
You can match number with decimals only or numbers with integer and decimal parts:
I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
with the standard composition operator , or something like , or .
Think about how much time you are wasting in pressing '*' or '/', and typing the parameters again and again.
You'll wake up dreaming about that sauce.
By virtue of the kind of people who are interested in ethical/eco-friendly food, you'll likely pick up some of the Portlandia vibe, but the co-op also tries to restrain the snobbery (kids get stickers at checkout, most staff are openly warm/helpful, there's an area where you can pick up/donate canvas bags for people who want a re-usable sack, etc.).
Easily my wife's favorite tacos in Pittsburgh.
git log 'branch-name' -- 'file-name' which displaying log messages with ID, Author and Date..
Ideally, I would like to do this without having to create a second copy of the data in my MEX File (i.e.
Really pleased with my experience here.
She is fast and works with your schedule.
sometimes I pack my lunch (a quick sandwhich and some crackers) then head over to Zorba's just for some fries and ranch, hahaha!
Its definitely a hole in the wall but the staff is very friendly.
That, and a few good places to grab a cocktail pre-boarding.
Please provide us with the SELECT so we can help you there, plus tie more things to the EXPLAIN.
Immediately my expectations are exceeded as a lady behind the desk responds to a radio call from the staff upstairs announcing that her radio (which is strapped to her body) vibrates every time someone calls her and she \""kinda likes it\"".
Beers were $3, $4 The whole experience was great, fun and we spent only $80 including the tip.
My girlfriend and I had a baby with us and the environment was perfect for it.
Parking can be a little tricky but worth the stop.
It was very good and tasty and i wish that I lived closer I would eat here regularly.
I am creating an Tampermonkey userscript that would automatically click the "star" button on Google Translate website and save my searches so that I can later view them and rehearse.
Since the pointer is garbage, you get an access violation...
The PID is Where Index is the index of the item of interest.
Does anyone have ideas of the problem or ideas for troubleshooting?
Stiff martinis and cocktails, cheap drinks, good service, nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends.
When runnning from noGUI option, the script do not have access to mdb object.
have you thought of using method overloads instead?
While technically located downtown, it's more on the outskirts of downtown (just based on my observations).
Also on my controller I'm not using any call to $apply or $digest.
Is this what should happen, or did I probably mess something up in my program?
\n\nOne time I visited, they did not have my reservation on file.
Fantastic seating outside and ample table space inside.
After all, they spend months growing the stuff chefs spend maybe seconds using).\n\nThe atmosphere is really cool, I recommend sitting out on the patio in summer.
This approach can be used when is a function which returns a function when it is executed.
The Mac n cheese was the best!
In other words by clicking on currency values must recalculate them according to rates.
The user shouldn't expect the contents of those variables to change unless it changes them itself.
core duo 4 GB ram So working on some appropriate subset for machine is good approach.
The sweet potato fries were served with a honey butter that was amazing!
It sounds like the projects exists on the file system in the workspace directory, but the actual project got deleted or never imported in the eclipse workspace.
Compiler managed types include long strings ("String", not "string[10]"), wide strings, variants, interfaces, and probably something I've forgotten.
Android Eclipse application, compatible error I'm developing Android app just for hobby, and I made an app, when I test on my phones works well, I tested on : Alcatel idol OneTouch 2S ( 6050y ) Sony Xperia Tipo ( st21i ) Samsung Galaxy Ace Asus Memo Pad HD7 (Tablet) Works great, and no error at all...
Brought my wife here for her birthday and we were lucky enough to arrive on the last of three nights of the truffle dinner.
They do this by putting the following in their functions.php file: Source:
Here's a more general case: When I enter this in an input cell: The output is But if I enter the following: Then I get this output: What's the difference?
I'm also interested to know if there is a better way than using a custom LdapAuthoritiesPopulator to enforce a role constraint during authentication.
As a visitor to Pittsburgh, I certainly can't claim to understand the nuances of the local culture.
She also took us upstairs and showed us the Madame's bedroom (incidentally the headboard of the Madame's bed is now the bar downstairs (I took a picture and posted).
\n\nWe ordered a lunch \""to-go.\"" I got a Shish Taouk (commonly known as a Chicken Shawarma) and my wife got a falafel sandwich and we split a side of Hummus.
A nice short walk from Highland Park is a welcome plus.
The part after the indicates the gemset.
Menu has the standard fare, with noticeable twists.
Any ideas would be greatly appreciated, my apologies for the topic its a client that we are working with.
The exception stack trace shows that internalGetDate was used.
I don't see a sample anywhere nor o i see a method to do so in the API.
Cool structural artwork like airplanes in the atrium.
For its location on route 19 in central Mount Lebanon, this place is gigantic.
Also, you need to remember that the doesn't behave like (or 's), because the is a completely different abstraction: and are implementations of the Sequence concept (where position matters), but is an associative container (where "key" matters, not position): takes a numerical index, and doesn't make sense if such index doesn't refer to an element of the vector.
The equality operator(==) checks the refernce of string first then checks value of string.
Even though we visited on a Thursday, the owner, Rich, was kind enough to put some food out for us.
I wouldn't say that they were the best that i'd ever had, but they were pretty good.
try datagrid.Items.Refresh() from here <a href="
You have to apply these lines before generating your toDataUrl() stream.
You definitely don't mind waiting in line in a room that smells this good!
The hash browns were a nice change than fries and the coleslaw actually tasted great and wasn't just a \""throw away\"" side.
I like the idea of removing the singleton and being able to stub it for my unit tests.
My question: is this kind of by-hand optimization necessary?
It helps you to learn LINQ and convert your existing SQL statements.
I didn't want to go over $2,500 for a dress alone, and ultimately my dress, alterations and a very basic veil were under that amount.
I expect this ant hill to not have any ants and it doesn't.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
One other benefit is that the employees are competent, friendly and knowledgable.
When the time came, the entire staff was incredibly patient with me, and let me spend as much time as I needed in the private exam room with my rat.
\n\n4 *'s because it's my first time there and \""Yay!
It's also not really a theme park.
When i throw WebApplicationExceptions in services it return statuses that I set but in interceptor it didn't worked.
Hence, I know that my clip is fine.
For a brand, I want to list the stores that carry that brand.
You'll either have to introduce a base interface for all three classes or use three overloads of an method.
The staff there were super helpful and wonderful to my incredibly anxious fiance- imagine a first time dad bringing home the baby!
This caused a null pointer exception when Qt was finishing QDialog::exec() and caused a crash on Windows.
We enjoyed a beautiful brunch with flawless service.
The chef that cooks are generally as entertaining as you want - the more you engage them the more fun it is !
'if' statements on C++ template arguments The following code gives me a warning when using the Intel compiler icpc13.
The craft beer selection is impressive.
We stopped in here for a drink on a Friday night.
And honestly, when it comes to a doggie day care, that's all that matters.
Every trip back to the 'Burgh wouldn't be complete without a lunch or dinner there.
How to prevent lxml from adding a default doctype lxml seems to add a default doctype when one is missing in the html document.
Great place I've been in north Carolina for 3 years now and I've seen this place and was always scared to go in due to it looking small.
If you don't at least put on neon Wayfarers or checkerboard shoelaces or SOMETHING when you go, I daresay you have no fun at life.
It can happen with any Paste method of my code.
I had the sweet potato hash.
It is a touch screen operated dispenser.
If you want a bit of safety checking then I'd use :
\n\nIn the most recent visit I ordered for appetizer the Goulash Soup, which I found it to be much creamer than expected.
It looks like it would be a one room tiny bar, but looks are deceiving, it is actually a big space.\n\nThe front is a typical barroom.
check out how CardLayout works if you only want to switch between the windows: Add jPanel to your jFrame which will contain all jPanels you want to switch between (let's call it jPanelMain) Set CardLayout in jPanelMain Create jPanels you want to switch between with the stuff you need there Add Action Listener to the radio button, example
you will get drinks very quickly and proably drink A LOT.
I can post more code/configfiles if nessecary.
I settled on a Turkey, Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times.
\nOnly drawback to this busy location is the lack of orientation people have while navigating the building.
For example 0.1 in decimal form yields an infinite number of digits in binary.
She gives a great first impression which is reassuring because nothing makes me more nervous than a stylist who is not put together or whose haircut and/or color is whack.
\n\nI typically order the seafood combo number 3, which is a basil based brown sauce.
I don't really understand the error as there is no boolean value or column type.
For that reason, my expectations of this airport were quite low and I thought I would be here for a forgettable hour or so of my life.\n\nThat wasn't the case.
mongoose/mongodb querying for records without a related record I have two mongoose models.
thinly sliced and generous portions\nLobster Bisque - lots of lobster in the soup.
The following should fix the problem
Using this style made the problem clearer to see.
Personally I generally insert a business layer between my DAL (EF/NHibernate/etc.) and my UI layer (MVC) so my models in the UI are different from persistence.
So it turned out, that there was something wrong with the connection.
For this reason it seems like many of these overlays could logically be shared.
They also have a promotion going on right now for the first 10lbs are free.
As you can see from the rating, the good here more than outweighed the, well, not bad - let's just say, slightly annoying.\n\nIf you have reason to stay near Shadyside versus downtown, this is your hotel.
I grabbed delicious produce, a spinach and feta & olives-zaatar pie made by Najat's Cuisine, a STILL WARM ginger cookie made there, a raspberry ginger beer, and I'm sure I am forgetting something.
I somewhat got it to work using some of the existing code above, but it is still not optimal.
Background: I want to use IBQuery(s) and connect them to a DB Grid(s) (DevExpress), which loads all records into memory at once.
Until now I can't see that I have started the server.
Part of the logic is moved to (
To import Go to Chrome Settings Click on "advanced settings" Under HTTPS/SSL click to "Manage Certificates" Go to "Trusted Root Certificate Authorities" Click to "Import" There will be a pop up window that will ask you if you want to install this certificate.
These are added using a for-loop.
And Ricky is also da bomb at pedicures!
The badenjanin in particular is perfectly tart and spicy, but may not be for everyone.
I am using Rspec 1.x and factory_girl Test Controller Error
So I read lots of reviews about Tessaro's.
If both inputs need to be combined into a single string, then you can then use: And again, you can split this by using: So if the user entered 55, and "Hello", you would end up with the following after splitting:
\n\nFord's has something for everyone - Strong Man equipment, Olympic gear, classic Powerlifing equipment and more.
I want the text div to never be taller than the video div.
List Sorted incorrectly i have following code but it does not sort the list correctly.
I gotta give my man Jonathan kudos for some recent changes he's implemented.
That being said it was very nice inside.
I recommend using that in Cake2.x.
Prevent multiple instances of a given app in .NET?
Heard the Breakfast items are also great.
The bread as a bit on the hard side on the outside, but still very tasty and just filling enough to curb your appetite.
He takes his business very seriously.
Don't pass a to the , use an implementation of the abstract class .
If it's an older, non-OpenXML version of version of Excel you can use NPOI, it's available for download here:
The gym itself is quite big, especially for hotel standards!
Parking costs me $4 a day which is crazy cheap.
These same drinks in the same solo cup in Chicago would have been $5-7....
This allows you to do things like use multiple thead pools as well as have parent-child relationships between work items.
This VM is never used again.
I also got a biscuit to go with it.
For pulling, the local branch need not have the same name as the remote branch.
This would work, but you need the flexibility of starting as a view controller, and doing the collection and table view through delegates
But this is very easily spoofed, and should not be relied on.
Just put the complied C# dll in the bin with the compiled VB.net dll and place all of the aspx pages wherever they would need to be for your site structure.
They also have burgers, salads, Italian beef, etc.
Provided configuration options: --with-opt-dir --without-opt-dir --with-opt-include --without-opt-include=${opt-dir}/include --with-opt-lib --without-opt-lib=${opt-dir}/lib --with-make-prog --without-make-prog --srcdir=.
IC Light wasn't too shabby, either.
how to do URL-Rewriting when browser cookies are disabled?
\n\nTheir website posts a month's worth of daily specials including lasagna, baked chicken, prime rib, and more.
I was taken aback by his thoughtfulness.
The documentation also seems to differ between being hidden ( gets called) and being partial visibility ( gets called).
Next you'll need this custom object to either directly or indirectly get the visible cells to display themselves on screen when they are visible, and remove them from the superview when they aren't.
We hiked through there for about an hour taking our time and never came across anyone riding horses and barely came across people.
Good luck finding space for more than just 2 at noon!
How to write equations in an Android textview?
They have the best Roti Canai!
You may be running into Bug #69874 Can't set empty additional_headers for mail() if you haven't done anything stupid (i.e.
Get a copy of the spec for the target version, and use that as a reference instead of the OpenGL man pages.
The precise problem is that I can't figure out the part where the 'something' (a daemon), automatically runs the specified command, whenever a task in added to a 'queue/list'.
The bartenders are almost always lovely (only had one wacky one so far) and the patrons are delightful.
The prices are good and the service is quick.
The Beer club is the best thign going in the area after a tueday at work.
Seriously the best UPS store in town.
I would recommend taking your coffee lover friend here, they will surely appreciate the quality.
You specified for both the and of your , therefore it fills up it's parent view.
And when we did finally get seated, the AMAZING hot cakes, SUPERB hash browns, and perfectly cooked eggs really made my morning!\n\nI prefer my hot cakes to be thin and flat, and when I saw the ones here, I was unsure again.
For the main dish i got a crab omelette.
File Uploading with AJAX fails I'm trying to test a file upload method with a simple HTML test page.
Alternatively you can use the European endpoint: EDIT: Alternatively, as you were implying, you can pass the API endpoint to directly via the option:
Would you please help me find out where the problem is.
For desktop app, please check your project properties "Security" setting, to make sure disable the ClickOnce security settings.
They had a good draft beer selection.
Whether an app can be added as a tab is a setting of the application, so not all can be added (app developer can choose separately for User profiles and fan pages, as well).
Analysis The event is raised when ...
I don't go at night so my credibility wanes here a little.\n\nI basically only ever eat the peel and eat shrimp.
Markoff, that I found out I have fibroids.
Seriously, that saved me hours of work and frustration.
The beers on tap are always great.
The warnings come at the end of each block: Here is my code:
public class ThreeDto2D { } Output : 97.0 36.0 79.0 94.0 74.0 60.0 68.0 76.0 58.0 64.0 87.0 56.0 68.0 27.0 73.0 74.0 99.0 42.0 7.0 93.0 87.0 51.0 69.0 40.0 38.0 23.0 33.0 57.0 86.0 31.0
I am thinking this would be a good use for possibly a neural network or finite state machine that is evolved in a co-evolutionary manner (AI = predator, Players = prey).
Upon further discussion, Core Audio engineering it was felt that since you say the level difference is very drastic it therefore it would be good if you could file a bug with some recordings to highlight the level difference that you are hearing between voice I/O and remote I/O along with your test code so we can attempt to reproduce in house and see if this is indeed a bug.
you can try Then the rest of you code
Have a look at article - How to configure SQL Server 2005 to allow remote connections.
Catering is top-notch, too; we had them cater our wedding rehearsal dinner, and every aspect of it was friendly, professional, and outstanding.
Barb's Country Junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a Pittsburgh restaurant should be.
Walking distance to other hotels, shopping and dining.
The best part of the experience was eating outside on a beautiful day, when we went inside to pay it was pretty loud.
removeAttribute doesn't work if opacity is between 0 and 1, so my two cents solution follows: Put this code just after the first line of jQuery animate method definition (jquery.x.x.x.js) Hope this will help...
Not sure what is wrong with my code (Tkinter BEGINNER) I'm making a pretty simple GUI and each frame should have a Continue and Exit button.
I think, in this situation it is better to abstract of the commands, therefore I advise the third paragraph: I could call inside the function of my VM too.
To distribute light DOM nodes into the shadow dom, you use insertion points.
Keep selected value after post check I have a enquete.
I've created simple fiddle example where tried to reproduce the issue.
I was passing through Pittsburgh and discovered a headlight was out.
We were there for about 5 hours and had nothing short of a good time.
i'm all for recycling / re-using/sustainability but a lot of the items in here are just ...
From there, it scrolls past getLine without ever letting me input something.
Even better, they have drinks available if interested.
Also it's important that I can get the actual [x intValue] from the int later in the process.
The following reloads the page: $("#tabs").tabs( 'load' , 6); But, how can I send a parameter with it?
Its a very small restaurant with about 15 tables at best.
The documentation implies that the JDBC driver does have support for two-phase commits.
\n\nI was there two days before Christmas and the store was all a buzz.
BTW, if you segregate reader interfaces from writer interfaces, the reader interfaces can be covariant and the writer interfaces contravariant.
This included a delicious, and lightly spicy, Barley Risotto, some Sauteed Spinach, and some type of [fried] Potato dish.
The relaxed pace at Carmon's is probably the most French thing about the place.
Also, there has to be a selector so that other li's tables doesnt toggle.
We love it and the veal sage ravioli is amazing.
Breakfast for two with drinks ran about $34.
So get there early & remember to bring your cash for the Blue Cups!
But until recently, had not stopped into this Harper's.
So everything you set with the glEnableClientState/glDisableClientState and gl*Pointer functions.
meteor update method not working this is my colletion: this is the meteor method I am calling from client side in callback function of meteor method, it returns 1 as affected rows.
EDIT #2 I have made two changes that help: In the .xaml file: In the source code after I populate the list: I'm getting a list, but it's not automagically updating the checkbox states when I refresh those.
Ok ok I'm not here to review the show, I'm supposed to review the Benedum.\n\nThe Benedum has all of the features a classic theater had to offer - cathedral ceilings with the gold leaf and naked babies, massive chandeliers, huge archways, and the feeling that history took place here.
I tried to use a Doctrine_Query::create()-> ...
You can either add in your header: in the content generated by , or make the URI's absolute:
Not every room has a mini fridge yet but they can bring you one if you request.
This review is almost entirely based upon my emphasis of being a vegetarian.
To upload large binary files using CURL you'll need to use flag.
I'm able to get the same code to work with all of the USB and HDMI based video capture devices and webcames.
integers are not passed by reference in JavaScript meaning there is no way to change the interval by changing your variable.
It has the perfect amount of meat seasoning and topping.
Once you do that ( ), you have a object.
After having tried all three this evening, I can definitely recommend Donatelli's food and look forward to having these items again!
The only instance I can seem to achieve thread-safety is to place a lock around the entire loop which effectively makes the Parallel.ForEach no faster (possibly even slower) than just using foreach.
There is not an easy way yet, but it's coming in the near future as Spudley mentioned.
Try this, It provides duration of 10sec(10000 m.sec) FIDDLE
The startup scripts will run on instance boots up or restarts.
I think the best option to to have a class method on that will access a single, shared instance of the model from any object that needs it.
I want class "FriendRequest" to have a one to many relation with "myBadges".
This location is WAY faster than the one near BofA so, keep that mind if you are in the area, and in a hurry to get that caffeine jones cured.
So, there is a good chance I didn't write it correctly.
I'm using bootstrap and on one particular page using basic bootstrap css something just won't line up.
We were riding around, trying to find a place that didn't have a 4 day wait and would satisfy a monstrous appetite.
That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.\n\nThe service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
Moreover, when I get in , there is exclamation mark in red triangle next to 4 Apache modules: , , , .
The header file is here: When I try to use it in another class, for example like this: this error occurs: The constructor of the class is public and its header file is included.
However the octopus has a real nice char, and was full of great well rounded flavors.
I imagine the reason it's not working is because the context in which it'll look for your function will be the top one, i.e.
Given the large size of the party, the staff was definitely very accommodating.
\n\nWith busted tire in one hand, I pushed the door open and was greeted with - well, I'm not really sure how to describe it.
We're visitors from the West Coast, know nothing of the area.
In SSRS generally with reports you have a 'details' grouping whether it is a matrix or a table report.
If you want one, you have to go for lunch as even though its on the lunch menu, they refuse to make it at dinner :( \n\nThe atmosphere here is strictly neighborhood bar/restaurant.
Each of these sub-modules has it's own namespace I use for storing variables.
However, Bombay definitely hits the spot.
If it's invalid, the richCombo will break.
Need to show dialog at desktop
I can successfully create an application that runs, authenticates, etc.
It looks like mainTabVC is your instance.
I really enjoyed Waldhorn 's version.
The loop you wrote could work if you define one more element in the array - an empty string as for example However first of all there is no sense to declare the array as an array of strings.
Delicious food (hook and ladder is my favorite).
Changed it to and evrything is good
But I found no way to set a transparent background color and set antialising.
Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical.
See also You could alternatively also just use Facelets' own tag instead of the .
Plus, the mountain cabin feeling inside made it seem more homey.
That tells me 3 things, Miguel's treats our officers right, the food is really good and a good value, and I will be safe eating at this establishment.
\n\nMy review centers around their customer service.
Good friendly service both on the phone, and from the delivery driver.
I'm a fan of the enchiladas, chicken/mole to be exact.
You can watch the bartenders squeezing fresh fruits and melons for their huge line ups of margaritas flavors.
While we weren't dressed to the nines, they were ok with letting us in!
The second function is called to process each element.
By the time B is enqueued, the result from A might not be ready as it takes time to process.
Tested on Celeron 1.6&nbsp;GHz, 512&nbsp;MB RAM.
My partner and I were able to find several interesting beers we had not seen at other locations in Charlotte.
Some of their more interesting specialty items do get pricier, but mostly the cost is reasonable, and you can at least understand why a little box of food bought in sub-bulk from a random country in the Middle East is more expensive.
\n\nWe immediately ordered cheese curds, salad, and soup.
Outstanding place - a real asset for Pittsburgh.
I was having lunch at this location during the holidays and I saw they were delivering dozens of large pizza pies.
However, the ambiance overall was very enjoyable, and I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a date night or special occasion.
Curt Thurman is my hero.\n\nI trust Curt with my pets completely.
The only problem is that this place is semi dumpy.
The mass transit system in Champaign-Urbana is actually really good!
I need to set this String as current item, without change the spinner selection list, that must appear the same described above, also when the user clicks again on the spinner, something like in Google Analytics Android App, see the image.
I've had pretty good experiences dining here, but maybe that's because other people were paying for my food about half of those times.
Very nice people those Pittsburgh folk are.
I get to experience two of my favorite words here: CHEAP BRUNCH.
\n\nFrank's policy is this: if you can give him the list of ingredients and he has them, he will make you any drink under the sun.
Their Margherita pizza and Penne Alla Vodka are listed as my last meal for a reason!
This usually ends up being the most general matching patterns (such as ).
Capturing Enter key on Android's onKeyDown I'm making a remote app that requires a keyboard.
Populating the ListView in an AsyncTask using this adapter class 3.
Using the of the stream gets around all these problems for you.
models.py: forms.py : views.py : template : rendered template :
Nothing wrong with that.\n-Food - I ordered the beet salad, carolina lump crab cake and hushpuppy crusted oyster grits off the Grits Bay menu.
I want to fire it only at set time which is at 17:10:00 This is MainActivity.class This is the AlarmReciever.class The notification has to be fired only at the set time.
the type whose this method is in.
In addition, the web services using 1.2 is working fine with another two servers using almost the same hard code.
( RANCID , for example, only does configuration monitoring, not pre-staging and deploying config changes).
I hiked here with my dog the other day and fell in love.
Copy TabControl Tab I searched the internet for this but i couldn't find how to do it with C# What i am trying to do is make it so that when i click on my button, a new tab appears with the same controls that were on the first tab.
3-Change row source type to "values".
So, I am probably being very generous with 4 stars but what can I say besides I am a SUCKER when it comes to a good mom & pop spot!
Don't forget to add a reference to in your project.
I thought everything was quite good (though my white rice was cold, but that is what I get for not ordering fried rice like everyone else at the table).
For everything here, I am never ceased to be amazed by how neat and organized it is.
We really enjoyed our meal there.
Pricing is very reasonable and she is very competent with her work.
I’ve run into this too and would love to see the root cause fixed.
The Cubanos and shoe-string fries are great---not quite up to the level of what you can get in southern FL, but still pretty good for this area.
I want to convert the fileSizeInBytes to decimal number rounded up to 2 decimal places (like these: 1.74, 2.45, 3.51) But i'm not able to get the required result.
One half star knocked off 'cuz was extra-tempted by her claims of wine.
This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch.
Finally, if you have a very long-running operation that does not require the UI thread at all, you should look into using a Service .
In my opinion I would suggest NOT looking at csmanage as that is an old sample and not maintained.
By "bias", I am assuming that you want to shift the result so that all pixel values are non-negative.
And the lady at the cash register is really nice!
I like their pork egg roll but it is pretty different from others.
There are two main problems with your code: Enable HTML 5 mode for pushState via $locationProvider for URLs like and Fix the problem where route is configured for but having a tag pointed to To get a working example: Add a base tag Enable html5 mode via locationProvider in a config block Fix route in dashboard.html Click here for the demo / jsbin.
I love to go on Saturdays!!
But if you did find such an API or utility, you should immediately be suspicious of it: any "common" scheme for generating passphrases will attract attention from people trying to defeat it you should be concerned that someone has incorporated a backdoor in the scheme.
That's like putting ketchup on a Brat...absolute no, no :) \n\nMatt's, also located in Cornelius is great for a quick pit stop.
There's no explicit tying of functions to types as there is with in C++.
You can implement expected behaviour with biltin features of MSBuild 4: See Property functions for more info.
How to validate input array with a same name in laravel controller I have a problem when a i try to insert record into table like this .
I love the Celtic photos on the wall, and the amount of people that draw on the wooden seats provide a homey, childhood-esque feel to the place.
I've been to Coyote Joe's a couple of times.
Came here with a friend last week.
Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
I got an assortment of their mini pastries which was perfect because you get to sample a little bit of everything.
Sorting a Table with jQuery I have found and followed an example on here for sorting a table but it does not work.
How do I define individual pages in Express.js I'm just getting started with express.js and am failing to understand how one defines discrete "pages" (in the traditional sense) that one can link to internally.
Unless you go to a convenience store attached to a gas station (what's up with that anyway?).
HTML entities like are not a part of URI specification.
Then you can perform when you need to get the current user.
I went there for breakfast AND everyone in our group left sated!!
Am I missing something, or is there no way to get an iterator beginning at the newly-inserted value in a ?
The following should get you started.
1) If your test does not need the websocket configuration at all, change it to point at a custom context configuration that does not include the .
EDIT: Sorry i forgot to mention I also don't want to use a password , because the excel file may be only edited in the application and not outside...
If I had to have a layover, this was a nice place for it.
A is not an array, and it already has a constructor that takes iterators to initialize it, so adding another constructor for an array is unnecessary.
You've already figured out the " all the way down" part, and you're at the point that becomes useful.
\n\nI tried their sushi (assorted) which comes with soup and salad.
I hope corporate is reading these reviews, because the Madison location of Enterprise is doing it correctly!
Getting into a \""better\"" one is mainly to make landing that first job easier.
Always fast and friendly, with bottomless chips and salsa that actually get refilled.\n\nFood: the food is standard Mexican fare, done simple and well.
MIPS Register comparator Given two input registers in MIPS: $t0, $t1 How would you figure out which one is bigger without using branches?
The sandwich is a work of art and is the classiest breakfast sandwich I have ever seen.
It's a good time though and their menu is pretty diverse.
Blue is a goodplace to take friends and family from out of town, also great for a romantic date.
Make sure that you check all bin folders.
You could use Spring JDBC to populate data in your application.
I gave continue to send the email on re-install.
In other words you can use the AD for your own usage, but his first usage is for the "System" (Domain) security.
Here I retrieve data from sp: And here is my class It works fine if I would create one class with all database fields, but I would like to have more control over it by mapping database fields to custom complex type properties.
Yes, they'll clean off a table and seat you, make some chat, get your drinks and take your order at what is the epitome of the southern pace.
There's likely a jailbreak way to do this, but I don't dabble in that, so I wouldn't know.
Additionally, a DocType helps make MSIE6 use the right box model , and it also eases the pain of validating your site (this is a good thing for development; think of it as debugging).
\n\nDefinitely the premier climbing gym in all of Charlotte.
See Apple Help Concepts: The Help Menu .
Finally went to this restaurant, now I understand the hype!
I've only been here for lunch, many times, and their lunch specials are very good and affordable...$7.54 I believe?
The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8.
My only complaint is that the kitchen closes so early, and the bar does too for that matter.
Loving all things carbs, I checked online and they were open early.
I am using java on the server and I am using writeDouble and readDouble to convert double values to byte arrays.
(A particular case is , which is a LaTeX text mode macro and MathJax focuses on math mode .
Our beers were never empty before we had a refill.
So, what if that could be easily stored to a file for fast reference, at least after it has been run once?
This means that the compiler, when trying to compile the second expression, tries to use your copy constructor, and it can't.
As such, your loop is exiting without running the code inside.
Put the folder in your project folder
If you care about the errors, you check the in the false instance.
Just in case anyone was wondering...
Whatever syntax you've used there, I'm not familiar with it.
If you are a homebrewer like myself, having a local place for supplies and knowledge is key.
This way, rather than requiring me to run the network to delve into the filters being learned, I can use MATLAB to view the responses on my images.
I tried the bisque, which was pretty tasty.
Note that sqlite is subject to the same constraints over NFS that normal files are, so you can't write to an sqlite database on a network share and get synchronization for free.
I recommend you to do some research :) Here is an easy tutorial on that: here an answere anyway: edit: if you want to achieve an output of "4" while your input lies between "1" and "11".
Akka Http Client Set Cookie on a HttpRequest I am trying to make a GET request to a REST web service using Akka Http Client.
I had to try a bit of everything and yes, I was that person walking back to my table with two plates.\n\nMy entree was duck gnocchi.
The only problem with it is that its too far away from my house!
as variable is already set in tag cloud list.
My only complaint would be that it's a little small and it can get too crowded and busy, when that happens I'll go to the other Japanese restaurant right around the corner...
But, did I mention, the vegetarian burger is DAMN good?
It was a pharmacy back in the 1920's and now is a soda and ice cream place.
And finally if management want cheap and fast - guess what, it won't be any good.
That being said, this store is clean, and the deals one clearance can be good.
The customize page will let you specify a different number of columns and generate the stylesheet for you.
For some reason that doesn't happen.
I parked at the Grant Street Transportation Center for $13/day weekdays and $5/day weekend.
We'd taste the flavors we were trying to decide over (they give you little spoons to do this!) and then we'd pick.
So far the best we have is kind of a poor man's adapter pattern: We can then mock our own type, DimValue.
something similar you do in a chat web application.
Maybe I'm missing something in your question, but it seems that this should do it:
\n\nCustomer service (5/5): I went there because my husband randomly missed Spain so he wanted to make a bunch of mini bocadillos with different types of meat and cheeses.
But honestly I get the craving for them sometime!
it's THAT bad if you're not in club-level seating.
I would highly recommend this business.
I felt like I had just found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
I have really grown to love Thai food, and this is one of my favorite places to come: warm atmosphere with traditional wood carvings, large intimate booths , beautiful friendly people waiting on you and dishes made with rice noodles (gluten free).
Fun place to hang out with friends, I'll be back sometime.
You can record a macro as you do it manually one time.
have a look at the module: it implements all that you want.
That will fire the second callback of and the image will disappear.
Their Beer Cave and excellent make your own 6-pack/draft beer selection are well known.
Original xml response getting from Boomerang,
As always I had my kid carnivores in tow, and as is their custom they laid waste to EVERYTHING edible that was put before them.
The fried chicken livers are so tender and good.
An it's only like a million lines of code.
Service was flawless yet never intrusive.
Don't overwrite important files in a way that they become temporarily invalid.
For the database MyDB, enter This allowed my developer machine to retain it's connection to the database and the host machine to automatically use the correct connection string both by publishing directly or through teamcity.
So I found this restaurant with an app and it took a while walking up and down the block before we realized it was inside another building.
One of them is having generic parameter that can be used for your case, for example:
It's has a full GNU GPL license.
You are clearing the selection in your loop Rethink the if-else logic in it and you will see why.
How to use multiple controller or how properly use Apache Tiles?
So it is possible a user can have a write permission to company X but not even read access to company X's employees.
I was pleasantly surprised on my recent lunch trip, as I was offered more than I was for take put.
the owner Joe always provides excellent service
I have code to implement all the components individually, code to write data to a file and code to generate a plot from data.
Relations are defined by predicates in Prolog.
If you are expecting to act on the environment variable in ansible, you could instead set the value in an inventory group_vars file which would only be in effect for local provisioning vagrant.
Starting these IOs does not involve managed code and the class does not come into play.
Miriam helped me out and I did finish them.
But, some files seem to have way more checkboxes than others and the script dies with an Out of Memory error.
The menu has a wide selection, I really couldn't decide what I wanted but I went with the ribeye sandwich.
Or Can it be possible to call operator overloading Polymorphically?
I think that the import fails with this error and nothing stays imported since the whole import runs in one big transaction.
I was expecting more fresh herbs on the pho, but the complex broth more than made up for any lackings.
By the way, my spy happens to be an employee so I know it's true.
My food is always hot and have yet had any complaints with consistency.
add to your edit: Another useful debugging tip - is to use the function to see what is included in a package.
He looked at me surprised, and said he'd be right there.
Not just visual or sound design, but more importantly interaction design.
Actually, my dog loves everything about Caring Hands.
Go for Breakfast and order a pancake, you will only need one.
As a result it is impossible to extract enough information from API alone to construct a good user interface tailored to a specific case of API use.
We started off with a crawfish appetizer (not the fried one) and it was delicious!
As soon as you fix this error, all should work.
I am glad we made the choice to come here.
You can argue about the merits of flaws of this, but there's a lot more explicit code as a result.
Maven reports overall time taken for each module at the end of a build but how can I instrument Maven to report how long running each goal took in a build?
A little whitespace will go a long way...
Lunch is casual and reasonably priced.
They work VERY hard and almost always with a smile, no matter how much they're running around.
I then went about my errands.
I didn't know what to do with the rubber seal that was falling off.
perfect amount of pecan filling (and sweetness) to fluffy pastry foundation.
I'd tried some salons and was relying on Sueprcuts a lot and hadn't been to a barber in quite some time.
and the ease of the return makes the morning start off smoothly.
Disables caching by appending a query string parameter, "_=[TIMESTAMP]", to the URL unless the cache option is set to true.
Hole in the wall - check.
Increasing Limit of Attached Databases in SQLite from PDO I'm working on a project that should benefit greatly from using one database file per each table, mostly because I'm trying to but also because of .
Does the &amp; token go into the header of the request, or are they parameters to the request?
Then the array would look like this:
Nice place but the food isn't consistant.
It was solid..not great...the peppers were a little much.\n\nFor dinner, I got filet Oscar and the wife had the salmon.
At first sight, you could do something like that by inserting a (more information here: ) If you need something more refined with merging of rows and columns, you should think to build a more oriented view objects, so that the template is simpler, and your business logic is in JavaScript.
Regular expressions are like the function in Perl.
However on systems like OSX ( and probably windows if it is ever supported ) the directory names ' ' is the same as ' '
Your grid might relate to a quadtree with your obstacle objects as well.
I have a gridview with a hyperlink: However, it should only appear as a hyperlink if the employeeID is that of the logged in employee.
Converting one's mindset from that to an OOP structure at all can be a big leap for some people, and even for people who haven't come from that background, a lot of the code examples they would be learning from are, so it's not a surprise to see monster classes.
Azure definitely looks compelling, but the fact is I can now utilize Windows and SQL server on Amazon with SLAs in place.
Despite its priceness, it is worth it.
I couldn't even create an empty folder.
However, when you open a file in mode, Python expects that you will give it , and so it throws an error when you give it a instead.
It's definitely cheaper than Penn Mac though, so if you're looking for smaller quantities, or some more common cheeses, check here first.
Regex get text between parentheses and keywords i have a text pattern like this; and i want to get it like this; After that i want to seperate them like this; any help would be awesome :) edit 1: sorry about the missing parts; using language is C# and this is what i got; with i got; thanks already!
Plus this will not help you anyway, as Apache would be no longer involved when PHP is having the error.
They provide so much for us.
I'm creating a function in nodejs that looks for a user in a neo4j server then renders that or outputs that onto the webpage.I am able to query the neo4j sever and output that to the console fine but I do not know how to output that info to the webpage.
I can't seem to figure out why I would be getting that exception since I am returning an HttpResponseRedirect.
At Ruth's Chris, almost all sides are family sized so you can share.
You can ensure that your web-app dependency is the same than the server provided implementation or just exclude the dependency from the web app when packaging it.
You need to change this line to
Just found out they won't charge you for bags if you bring your own....COOL!
With bidirectonal mapping it would look like this Without this, you should implement the cascade yourself.
I love all the sauces they give you.
They have stepped things up a notch or two, that's for sure.\n\nThe service is fast, friendly and consistent.
Can someone tell how to get this to work and why react is behaving like this?
In any case I can see from the use of whole columns that you must be using or later (your current formula would give an error otherwise) in which case will be much faster, i.e.
\n\nLocated in one of the office buildings, this spot is your typical \""Meat and 3\"" type of joint.
This is the code: I think it's possible because on the manual it says: "The event content is the event message or JSON-encoded string that contains multiple messages." Link to the manual
I tried any combination of , and , and the closest result is when using all three of them.
I can open the image in the browser with the signed url.
I need to do this in T-SQL, I cannot use .Net (which if I could, that is remarkably simple).
If you're on a road trip and looking to get famous cheese from Wisconsin, Mousehouse Cheesehaus is the place for you.
Food from the motherland is a weakness of mine so despite good feedback from some friends, I tried to resist coming here when I first moved to Lawrenceville.
Updated with solution The user MeLight has the answer below - generate service account credentials, then use them after making sure that the project has been linked to the marketplace app in the Chrome Web Store.
Click Change Permissions Using FTP Connect to FTP.
I have been thinking about SFTP, but I don't have vagrant password, user, or other things - it just starts with .
How would I use regex to obtain a piece of a link?
Which you will do in a kind of thick, goopy voice because you're actually so full of food your body is storing it in your chest and throat.
The service I received was outstanding..
EDIT: The length of the characters can change but the numbers are USUALLY 2 or more digits as well as the letters.
This place has a cool, open atmosphere, however we were among the only ones in the restaurant at ~6pm on a Tuesday.
When they are good, they are GOOD and when they are bad....
\nThe walls were covered in art from local elementary school students - LOVED THIS.
We showed up pretty late, around 9:20pm and were provided with quick service from a friendly server.
\nHiking and kayaking here is great.
But only one fusion chart is displayed..
We are huge microbrewery fans and love to support local breweries....so we usually stick to the NC ones (Lonerider, Natty Greens, NODA, etc, etc, etc).
On rare occasion, such as when I order prime rib at S&W, I get it rare.
Solid place for a Yuengling and a greasy sandwich.
With the , you also might be including some whitespace in the match (since that's what means).
Maybe I am trying to reinvent the wheel so any way of accomplishing what I set out to do would be much appreciated!
This review if for the Holiday Inn-Greentree.
Not getting values from grid table when checkbox is checked?
Like; I hope this helped some one..
\n\nLuLu had be try the dress on and did a few simple markings and I was on my way.
From the moment we walked in, I was really charmed.
The breading isn't too too heavy so that is a plus too.
Just wish it was closer to my side of town.
They were great: tender on the inside, crispy on the outside & flavorful.
If you want to highlight something in a different font than the roman and not use italic, try something completely different like a harmonising sans serif, for example.
Very swanky place, kind of reminds me of Blue Fin in Atlanta.
I can confirm that 10 years later the coffee is still frigging amazing.
This simply means that if you want to change some property inside the state object, you should not mutate it directly, but replace it with a new object containing the modification instead.
The woman behind the counter was helpful and made sure the glasses fit exactly right.
I would not suggest it for very little kids under 5 , the sound is very loud and can prove to be frightening and over whelming.
New life goal: eat at every Pamela's in Pittsburgh.\n\nJustifiably famous for their hotcakes, Pamela's is probably one of the best diners ever.
However, i would like the form to keep its values.
I was happy that they offered valet parking so I don't have to deal with parking.
Usually it happens because you have an event associated JComboBox.
What cross-browser charting packages are available?
If not, then please help me with your ideas for a web-based CFX client.
Also, if the above is possible how would I "translate" those messages returned by that server to POP3 messages?
And the code behind looks like this.
The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because I haven't experienced a full-service meal here yet.
The vanity near the bathroom even offered a built in vanity TV within the mirror!
Specifically, this the Unit Test Session window, the Output tab, when you have a stack trace and it has a link on it, it currently appears in the default dark blue, which is fine on a white/grey background...however on the black background, it looks horrible and is near impossible to read.
I was at the Aria in the same building for a lunch meeting - I ducked into Caribou for some caffeine before my meeting started.
Passing an SDL surface to a function I'm a bit confused how i pass my SDL_Surface to my function so that i can setup my screen in SDL.
Assuming that the result is another with the aggregated data: Result-table (tested with your sample data):
I had never been here in all the years of living so very close.
You're going to need a bit more than that, to get this accomplished ;) First of all, Slick requires a DB session, so that needs to be handled somewhere.
I seriously doubt I could ever hope to replicate that grilled cheese at home with my toaster oven...maybe it's industrial grade?\n\nBonus, they served it with a little pickle.
My son loves the beignets and they sell out quick...
The boilerplate Get and Set methods will never be called unless you call them from code because properties set in XAML call and directly (as is the case with wrapper properties on a normal DP).
And the prices - very reasonable for the quality of the clothing, which is all cleaned and tenderly loved.
My current schema is in MySQL but in process of changing to PostregSQL.
I'm okay with the temperature, but I just like a little lemon on mine.
Can any one suggest is it right what i am performing in above code or do i need to do some thing else to view in Problem Log in eclipse.
If it is just coffee you want you this is the place.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service.
Oh and they have a gigantic selection of pastas (including 15+ varieties of fresh cut pasta), sauces, and oils.
Studying boost::spirit is not a waste of time, I am sure to use it later.
so props for getting it exactly right.
I managed my delegate methods like this :- It does call respective delegate method.
Use the "OAuth Signature Generator" on the link you included to generate a test request and confirm yourself.
The problem is in the predicate.
: is the value add 1 to it and then enter it into the database along with other details.
Though we could have gotten something healthy, like steamed broccoli, we both went with the home fries.
Maybe IE's JS engine is more sensitive to syntactical errors.
One of the great independent record stores, Karl Hendricks runs his business just like he plays: with passion and creativity.
\n\nBeyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem.
The "official" guideline (at least for Java) is to capture everything - complete specifications.
(*) Although you might want to remember more per field than just the picturebox, such as what piece (if any) occupies that field?
I have always had very friendly and helpful customer service.
After a few days, the sub2 cname won't be needed anymore and you can remove the sub2 cname and entry from the reverse proxy.
Another option is to write a sproc which dynamically generates a query and executes that.
It can get really cramped if there is a line in there and pushed against some of the valuables.
When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly.
I want to thank Hendrick Lexus for being on top of your game and treating each customer with value!
The nachos were loaded with fixin's, and the chili is chunky and decidedly above-average.
\n\nOh it seems that they run on reservations so I would recommend one!
I suppose you are using the method to keep some timers running.
Good cheeses, live music, outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).
But then there are static methods, which are even worse mixers.
The service was quick and very friendly.
Since every in a page must be unique, and the tag is generating multiple HTML tags, it is generating multiple s; the real mistake however is that you are looping through radio buttons like if they would be checkboxes, while they're not.
This is my monthly treat to myself!
Instead of you could name it or .
Because classes that do not implement could still be serialized by the .
We were seated at a table that had a great view of the lake.
It isn't causing your php to run slower, its just taking a while for the data to transfer to your server and back.
First off you are looping through your calculateAverage funtion 4 times.
Do you mean you have one scan of 4 images all on the same layer, and you need to crop 4x and resave individual images?
because everything there comes with cheese.
In this case I applied it to the body.
We spotted the big mouse and sign from the highway and promptly pulled off.\nThey had the Friendliest staff, with workers eager to give samples of fudge and cheese.
Is this the root I should go down or is there a more generic object/query I can use to return further usage information?
Adventurous vegetarians and omnivores will all find something to delight the palate, though I can't guarantee your 70 year old mom will fare as well.
I tried to use evaluateFormulaCell() method but it's not working because I am using GETPIVOTDATA Excel formula and this formula is not implemented in the API: I hope you can help me on this.
Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on a Saturday morning.
No one outside of the south has probably even heard of Kudzu, let alone know it flowers and that flower is used to flavor this magnificent Jelly Butter.
So, make sure you wear your running shoes and maybe a helmet.\n\nThe last two times I went I ended up leaving with out eating or getting a beer.
Here is my JS: Thanks in advance!
Add this into model/User.php Hope it will work
In .NET, what's the best way to prevent multiple instances of an app from running at the same time?
They threw us a box of tasting cakelets, most of which were stale, and had us fill out a sheet.
I was thinking of utilizing a batch script that will grab the PEM and Separate every time it finds: -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----- To -----END CERTIFICATE----- However this seems a bit "hacky." I was hoping OpenSSL would have a tool that might be able to do this but I can't seem to find anything.
Sure enough I can grab these results from some cache which is updated every second.
I initially followed: but after installation, PHPInfo under imagick shows number of supported formats = 0 So I followed these steps, clobbered from various sources to get it to work.
C++ or similar performing languages you should be considering.
I can not express my thanks & gratitude enough to everyone at Paul's Clock Repair.
For example User 10002 has 3 reservation at 04-04-2016, It should be count 1.
Chrome - clicking mailto: links closes websocket connection I'm using the latest stable Chrome, version 41 .
I would greatly appreciate any help with this issue.
If you are needing a unique gift or just want something new for yourself, give this a try.
Using assisted injection create a complex dependency tree I have recently learned about the AssistedInject extension to Guice and I thought it would be a nice solution to some design issues that I have.
I've been trying to get my boots resoled but didn't have it in me to pay $50+ bucks that they charge everywhere else.
This eliminates the problem of trying to understand what the suffix should mean when you get a or a .
But, I'm not able to get it to iterate.
From HostGator website which is most probably your hosting provider.
I want gitlab to be only accessible via domain name, not server's ip.
You probably will not see 3 stars on any reviews.
From the moment we walked in, the staff was pretty friendly and accommodating.
I have the Vegetarian Burger on Texas Toast with onions and tomato.
filet a la blue: done gone to heaven.
I'm trying to exclude slow mo (high frame rate) and time lapse videos.
It looks like whenever you query for the owning entity, the owned entity is queried as well but I'm not sure if this is a rule.
We will definitely be staying here on weekend getaways again.
I'm looking for a similar organizational structure in Symfony 1.4.
Should I put my output files in source control?
will print if you want to maintain the javascript syntax, you can use json, like this: will also print
Now what I am trying that I also have on the top the screen .
Why not store the values in the list and in the map the key -> index mapping?
You can, however, change the list indirectly by adding (either server side or client side) functionality to the index header or footer file.
This is done because there has to be an end to each tag so the inspector is explicitly showing this end point.
They even had the check split by couple with no questions or dirty looks.
For example: -> -> means pass the document to function , after is done, proceed to and last .
Anyone have any ideas about this?
Anyway I leave here my current code.
The pale was ok, as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night...
If you are using windows machine try downloading binaries from here download python libraries Here you have an option to provide to which version of python you are trying to install.
I was promptly seated, and the hospitality was refreshing.
In R 3.2.2 , I'm invoking .
My choice today was the \""International Hoagie\"" This was very Good an easy 4 yelp stars of: Roast Beef, Westphalian Ham, Salami, Turkey, Fleischkaese, Swiss Cheese, Lettuce and Tomato on a fantastic Pretzel Hoagie Roll.
BackGround: The reason for URL-Rewriting is that when my browser cookies are disabled the connection between the client and the server is not established and session on being lost and for each request that comes from the browser the server thinks as a new request.
It has a ton of character - tucked away on a little street of old houses in the 4th ward.
My husband and I felt like we were eating at a friend's house, and that warmth is a hell of a lot sexier than any atmosphere we've gotten in a swanky Shadyside lounge.
You can open the table in Design View and choose "Percent" for the field's Format .
However, when I use it in Node (or in the Chrome developer tools, too), it throws: I've tested it in Regex101 with a test list of files, and it works perfectly, but after moving to "production" code, it throws an error like that.
better than 20/20.\n\nToday was my one month follow up and my vision is 20/15.\n\nI can see my alarm clock, go swimming, travel with ease...
Perhaps using tricks such as ?
This is the same thing PHP sees when you read a file's contents.
\n\nSo good food, great looking place..
Perhaps it's because it has a darker atmosphere (today was gorgeous out) than other SS places.
I have an mdi application that when the MDIParent loads it makes few database calls and displays.
We had the General Tao and Basa Fish with Basil Leaf and brown rice.
Freshly made food to order and friendly service and staff!!
You might want to move from 'subtree' merge which interweaves history of ProjectA and LibraryB, to having more separation that can be achieved using submodule ( tutorial ).
They have a great deal on their website called \""Steak and Seafood for 2 for $109.99\"" that includes:\n\nLoaf of Signature Bread\n2 Salads (Morton's or Caesar)\nVeggie to Share\nPotato To Share\n2 Single Cut Fillets (additional selection at additional price)\n2 Seafood Accompaniments\n2 Desserts\n\nAs you can see, the amount of food is a lot, and it can easily be shared by three.
I left earlier than I would have as a result.
Create a Java project in your IDE.
A popular approach is using non-sequential UUID values as identifiers so that you can query discrete data sources for related data.
Bluemix logging issue to papertrail Any idea why syslog:// protocol from app is not connecting to third party logging service?
Now I will say that I have had better sushi at a few places (Umi in Shadyside , PA and Coast in Chicago), but for what your paying at this place you cannot get a better value for the quality.
Looking forward to my next visit.
The question now is what gets send to the server?
returning rows from $wpdb - losing my mind spent the last two hours trying to get this $wpdb->get_results to return an array the same way while ($row = mysql_fetch_array($result)) would.
It is very easy to implement in Angular using Bootstrap UI.
It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.
Here's a simple function that I use.
\n\nThe tomato bisque they have is something I newly tried.
file only contains so your and are referring to the same object.
More frustratingly, if I try to compile a file by entering command \ll, a new window pops up where there are two lines saying: 1.ll I can't find file `newfile.tex'.
You can split strings using the answer to this .
You can just put this in a file : and just this file :
And for Sobel : ksize: size of the extended Sobel kernel; it must be 1, 3, 5, or 7.
The muscle man was apparently the bartender - ok - you can stand there and look pretty as long as you like.\n\nThey carried Pepsi products, so we ordered fresh brewed tea instead, and it was fine.\n\nTotal bill for two for a very satisfying lunch buffet was $20 and some change, very pleasant service AND eye candy, and a quaint trip down 'Scenes From An Italian Restaurant' meets 'Soprano's' memory lane.
xls is , ppt is .
Celsius temperature is given and I need to add 1 every time I find the Fahrenheit.
Sure you can create a slot that is connected to a "double click" signal and call your model instance setHeaderData //if you overridden that function in your own model type you need to emit headerDataChanged signal, see here
The desserts are so worthy of the extra calories.
I think the other cashiers could take a note from her book.
Even though the shrimp and grits had an unfamiliar flavor combination, I still returned the next night to eat there again.
I have brought friends who thought their local place was good and I said that I am a sushi snob.
The servers all seemed to be having a good time and took excellent care of us, checking in just enough but not too much.
Go for the large plain or extra cheese.
We'll deploy a fix in the next few days.
I know that the GTM script is loaded asynchronously along with the tags, but I can't really imagine what happens in this case.
I had to say that in capital letters just to get my point across how good Mert's is!
Home fries, bacon, sausage, eggs, and pancakes all on one giant plate.
I am pretty sure I ran some code analysis at some point, but that might have been before update 2 was installed.
My wife and I always enjoy our meals at Blue.
:) These blogs will help you understand the code better, And this gist is great, And last but not least, the official Rails Guides on Layouts and Rendering Hope the above examples cleared your doubts, if not, feel free to drop your queries in the comment box below.
Correct syntax is SELECT followed by a space.
It wasn't the best but it was really good.\n\nI thought the service was really good as well.
Spark 1.3 provides only Scala and Java implementations.
Currently my bot receiving update id 348691972.
Here are some test cases: The original mailing list People who are like nope: What it's supposed to look like afterwards: My file output: So Amro has been kind enough to provide a solution, though it's a little above what I know right now.
The economy *is* bad!\""\n\nIf a mere picture of Mert's ribs gets 25 likes, imagine how many their flavor would get.
As a grocery store, I'm not much of a fan.
I'm deducting a star for that.
Nothing is better then when your food provider is excited about what he/she is doing.
Assuming you're using java you can use the following code to round off the number to 7 decimal places.
Its overwritten, so the gtm objects are missing.
I know I can do libraries.each |library| library.collections.each do |collections| collection.books.each do |book| books &lt;&lt; book.title but I'm hoping for a simpler methodology then this.
It is used for condition matching, to confirm multiple possibilies.
The service from the staff was excellent.
To fix the "frame will be different at run time" error, change the x, y, width, and height of the frame rectangle of the view with the wrong frame.
You get your meal like always and they give you a cake (that is so sweet, your teeth will rot with 1 bite), they sing to you in Japanese, and you get your picture taken and it is framed (a paper frame, but hey it's still cool lookin).\n\nI can keep going on and on about how great this place is.
Items have always been one time and done well.
Spring security additional rights on some entity we have implemented a web application and use spring's pre-post-annotations to secure the access to some rights.
With , is , so we return .
I usually grab a hot meal and play on my computer 1-2 hours.
My problem is that, technically , when you ask for a Symbol, I'd imagine the JS runtime creates a unique identifier (random number?
It looks like this : In its current state, there is no index so every time the query is executed the whole collection is scanned.
The permissions on the website folder include , , and for user .
I need to verify that correct text is displayed.
That is right: no such class exists in the QtGui module of Qt5.
You can create a for Enterprise Library validation.
It came beautifully served with Asian vegetables, soba noodles, and a perfectly cooked LARGE piece of cod...absolutely delicious.
However you can add on and use css for styling them.
i want insertion of data in this database through multiple users, U1,U2,U3, each having different userids &amp; passwords.
Unless it can be defined in Main, but I'd rather Main has an option to do that.
\n\nIf I had a long layover, I would not mind being stuck here with all that this airport has to offer.
In my Spring application, I make a GET request to the following url This request goes to the front controller where I have a request mapping as below: This "secondpage" corresponds to secondpage.jsp and its contents are correctly displayed.
For example, if you wanted to save a user's email address so they don't have to fill it out every time to log in, you'll need to use Just like in your question.
You see, I'd been feeling super sick for the entire duration on my Pittsburgh road trip.
So Iam not sure which is worse.
But , when I do it works fine and I don't know why.
We both agreed that the Lobster Bisque was sublime!
I could seriously listen to her talk all day about the history of the cheese...
I think you can iterate through the character check if that is vowel or not as below:
The parking at the Shadyside GE is sort of hectic.
INSERT becomes creating a new object of the type you want (and maybe explicitly adding it, eg session.add() in sqlalchemy).
This requires the data to be in a data.frame, but it sounds like that is what you have anyway.
My only real complaint is the inconsistency of the service.
The form also consists of a drop down box which collects values from the Authors table.
That usually happens when trying to use a model that was trained for a different tagger version.
Here is my database class (class.Database.inc.php): The code at the top of the form file (index.php): EDIT I entered the credentials in the wrong order, and it took me 2 hours to figure that out...
You get to pick all of your (probably 20 different ingredients) for your salad or burrito and...
They've got a great selection of cigars AND pipes.
This is more powerful and can be integrated with rule engines like Drools .
Kayla, Angie and the entire staff always offer excellent customer service.
The sushi is the freshest and most tasteful.
- IOS I would like to hide an expanded tableviews label, when the cell is expanded and hide a button when it is collapsed.
Just a quick hunch: Have you tried calling glShaderSource with NULL as length parameter?
Oh, and there was also fresh fruit.
2) If your test needs the websocket config, but you don't need the broker relay (I can't see why it would be required in a test), you could add another Configuration for testing that uses instead of .
My question is : I have googled a lot but could not understand how to call a stored procedure in hibernate using annotations , I have a simple scenario : suppose I have 2 fields in my jsp say 1) code 2) name , I have created a stored procedure in database for inserting those records into table.
I've never seen my hair look like that before!
In EL, a can only be accessed with an integer index, indicating the position of the list item you'd like to access, like so The exception is also basically telling that it expected an integer value instead of a string value.
Max and Erma fans know exactly what I'm talking about.
But do look for it, you'll be glad you did.
An easy way to look at the scope is by watching the brackets your variables are only stored inside those brackets.
Walk across the street grab yourself some cash and get here for a nice sandwich.
seriously, this meat is a fork cutting affair.
It didn't feel run down like the last 2.5 star I stayed at.
You might want to bind to (or its Django equivalent).
Each of these have a different value for .
We had a gift card and we were crusing through on a road trip.
He women working there are very pleasant and friendly.
Had awesome service and pretty excellent sushi.
I went and cartwheeled around their big center lawn.
Atmosphere is very nice - quiet without feeling like a library, nice lighting, decent and eclectic music mix.
I think there were only two servers working that day.
NSBundle Not Working NSBundle outputs the old name of my app: "/var/mobile/Applications/0E1638D2-5B9C-4A1F-8ED2-5F8ADF55D3F6/distributedLCA.app" but I renamed the project but it still prints out that old .app name.
\n\nTheir bacon is the best in town.
You are just being foolish if you don't.
Unfortunately after executing the git tag contains the old version number (1.0-SNAPSHOT) and when deploying to artifactory the SNAPSHOT version is used instead of the desired release version.
The wall Chinese place I've ever had.
"Collection merging" in the Spring documentation or the 2008 blog post (with an example) that I wrote on the subject .
You would do something like this: I recommend reading the documentation about loops in Twig .
I knew that IE had issues with delegate in IE8 and with JQuery &lt; 1.5 but this is not the case.
For example, if you try to do this (replace INTERFACE with the name of the interface): you will get an error, because an interface cannot be instantiated.
Per the docs from Form.Close : The two conditions when a form is not disposed on Close is when (1) it is part of a multiple-document interface (MDI) application, and the form is not visible; and (2) you have displayed the form using ShowDialog.
Very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life.
The code just below the commented out line are my changes that produce no syntax errors.
But now, I need to make an admin section (quasi-CMS).
And No, I don't even make $20K a year - so it's all about choices.
The room was clean and the bed comfortable with different pillow selections (foam, feather, hard, soft).
You need to lerp (linearly interpolate) between the two textures.
I mean seriously, just when you thought life couldn't get any better, you get a pickle for the win.
Bind requests are always made on a new connection that's closed at the end of the request.
Memory management with changing rootViewController of window I am changing rootViewController of window dynamically in my application in Non - ARC application.
Not for nothing, the stores are almost always very clean.\n\nIt doesn't take a lot for me to be impressed but Showmars does it for me if I'm looking for something as close to fast food as I feel like getting without the terrible food of a typical fast food joint.
\n\nBreakfast buffet (part of my room pkg) was good and plentiful.
my subdomain not is randomically have where the replace for $1 ?
This past weekend, my bf and I did a quick trip to Champaign, because we just needed to get out of Chicago for a couple of days.
I was wondering if anyone has any idea or comments on when we should think of writing an extension to make our model work better?
Here But When clicking on print, nothing happenes, the dialog is just closing, and no results, it is not working not with Adobe PDF, not with ARX CoSign...
udp socket trouble c# I have 2 simple programs in c # using udp connections.
This place is close to my office which is convenient.
However, they appear as overlays (so that I always see the last button only).
If you got from git you should find in folder a shell script .
I have an algorithm that requires a large number of parameters (i.e.
If you wanted the first 3 elements of a list, you could do:
In your local copy of the repo, edit and change the following line: to Save the file, then reinstall with .
I understand how to rename the registry entries to get the overlays I absolutely need to be visible.
Firstly, there is no requirement that joins be made using keys.
They have great cheese enchiladas too.
If you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh all night, go to Sing Sing :) If you send a dollar up with a song request, they will play it.
Had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good.
I kinda wished they had more chocolate options here.
ORM - Describe and persist model objects using a higher level query/update syntax.
Also, make sure that in IB you made the cell have a reference to the file owners' vehicleSearchCell property.
This interface has been deprecated since 2003.
Fast lane plus made everything a walk on.
) and absolute paths in HTML files (e.g., )?
I'm currently learning clojure, but I was wondering how to get and store user input in a clojure program.
In fact, it was one of the best hotels I've stayed in.
While it doesn't have all the amenities, they give a great haircut.
How do the professionals pass an int value like this?
If you have one or more instances of a VM (Web or Worker role), the traffic will be distributed amongst the instances; you cannot choose which instance to route to (e.g.
We have had our son here many time in the Orthopedic hospital for surgeries so my review is purely based on the experiences as a parents in with pediatrics.\n\nFirst the Orthopedic Hospital Surgical part.
Profiling each query on my local development machine (MBA) showed the subquery solution to be 33% faster than the Ruby-loop solution.
In fact I am his first paying client.
But the pointer to the initial element that is yielded by the expression is not necessarily the pointer obtained from .
They use freshly milled grains (ground within 24 hours), which apparently retains some of the natural protein found in the grain.
They had an exhibit with Frogs while we were there & I was really impressed with it - there were some cool camouflage frogs we had never seen or heard of before.\n\nThey have a lot of hands on activities for older kids as well (there was a build your own shoe with duct tape &/or tin foil) as well as a light show that looked like a dance party for kids.
First of all, don't get me started on how angry I am about the fact that the Illini no longer have a mascot.
Food is great for the price, especially the wraps.
What is the best way to solve this?
Just a solid meal, run by a family you can tell knows what they're doing.
They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.
I've joggled with 3 session data types: , and .
Download the akka for eclipse from below location extract the zip add dependencies from the lib folder into project
So make sure to share.\n\nMeals- I, personally, have never had a bad meal here.
I'm a car guy and I can spot a fellow car guy and that folks at Tullock are car guys.
The takes the reference of an object, as you surmised.
Truly the best in the area.
I like what one reviewer said though, def don't dress up of you are going to drink here...
It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites.
Tender and mellow enough to spread on warm sliced bread: perfect start to a meal.
However, you can pipe pbcopy and pbpaste to really remove formatting.
In your case it seems the JSON is valid, but it is a dictionary, not an array.
This is the best Calzone I have ever had.
For a working doodle/proof of concept of an approach to utilize pure JavaScript along with the familiar and declarative pattern behind XSLT's matching expressions and recursive templates, see (A similar approach might be taken for JSON.) Note that the demo also relies on JavaScript 1.8 expression closures for convenience in expressing templates in Firefox (at least until the ES6 short form for methods may be implemented).
Kindly recommend a C compiler and also a way to make the simple C program that is able to call the assembly procedure and get the returned value.
Use a directory as a "lock".
I follow in debug and the if condition tests true, it goes to the "return RedirectToAction("NotFound");" statement, it then goes to Dispose and then returns to the Index Action not the NotFound Action.
memory and computational overhead - requires only a single data scan and no additional memory beyond original input and vector.
Anything that's not O(1) is also bad.
Regex Demo Is what i'd switch to or Demo or Demo
Something like this: Typically not the best way to do this, but I think it should work.
the alternative is to create a protocol and to require invokers of your API to provide a "delegate" object that implements the protocol.
You could post a notification, you could use a KeyValue Observer, you could pass a reference to the detail VC to the modal and then the modal can set an exposed attribute on the detail VC, etc.
I have to say that UIUC did its job.\n\nCome here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends.
The very nice teller took care of my certified check in 5 minutes and directed me to their notary just a moment later.
But the sandwich is king here.
I'd rather go to The Saloon where I can watch the Steelers/Pens in a festive, but not out of control atmosphere, and have a good time with my friends.\n\nGreat bar menu and beer selection as well.
Consult given by Marc B who states what is happening with a similar problem.
I've not had any problems flying in our out.\n\nThe airport is pretty clean and, while car rental requires a shuttle, it's a quick shuttle ride and the shuttles are frequent.\n\nThey do have free wi-fi but, it's a bit of a pain in the ass to connect...you have to wait through a stupid AOL advertising video.
The service response will contain data for all 5 columns.
3) I have tried to make the Context from c++ as a parameter of constructor function,but I found the code not running,why?
The servers here are down to earth and tentative, but if you come here it's just for good food and laughs in my eyes.
The key is event type, the value is a list of subscriber types.
To do so I need access to a repository to get the allowed bundle-namespaces.
I mean, if they have toasted coconut soft serve ice cream, what don't they have, right?\n\nThe people that work there are all really pleasant and the ice cream is excellent!
This brunch is a monster of a buffet and tapas menu combined all for the low price of $25!
Now that I am home eating, I am glad I went to Graziano's and I am very impressed with their steak sub.
Or at least tell me please how can I read that error: document (5, 3) ...
Because right now, when it checks.
you should be able to use w/o any problems.
The lines move reasonably fast although I am usually just a Venti Bold kind of guy so, not sure how long the wait is when ordering something barista-centric.
only one assembly in a solution provides no scope to build in parallel.
After fixing that you'll find that is as suggested by others.
So, the "inheritance" of static members merely looks like namespace pollution That's right, except that one guy's pollution is another guy's added spicy flavouring.
It's like most other high end chain steakhouses (Palm, Ruth's, Capital Grille, etc.).
Icy cold wind whips right off the lakes near capital.
Be prepared to take your time finding the correct deck.
When using 'type' in the Firefox IDE, it works a treat, but when I use the line below, it doesn't play at all.
you'll end up ripping your hair out!!
For quality this place can't be beat.
They have my Husbands favorite draft beer all year round- Oktoberfest.
linux shell search for number that does not ocur between numbers I want to search for a number in string that does not occur between numbers.
You cannot schedule IO tasks because they do not have a thread associated with them.
Shopify doesn't really offer much in the form of support.
The Bobcats are an up and coming team.
We need to display a feedback to the user when he drags-in items into our application.
Since I will need to support more than 10 tables, my question is, how do I set the variable to a higher value from PHP (using PDO with SQLite 3)?
layover to change planes - pleasant new terminal - lots of upscale looking shops and restaurants - clean bathrooms - clean common areas - no outside noise.
That is how I feel every time I exit Capital Grille after a meal.
Delectable food with remarkable service makes for a wonderful experience - Every Single Time
This is the code for downloading the file So what is causing this problem and how do I fix it?
\n\nAlthough we didn't make a purchase, their gift shop area was pretty nice for its size.
Great portions, easy atmosphere, very attentive staff.
The only thing I can think of is that I have to sign in with the admin just once to set it up properly, but then it makes no sense that I get prompted to login as admin every time I run the application (running on localhost).
There, a dialog box is prompt properly when click on a tag.
The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!
I am aware of but this isn't what I am looking for.
Fields, Cinnabon, BofA ATMs, and a number of local and regional counters including Brookwood Farms Carolina BBQ\n-A business center with available high-speed Internet, conferencing, faxing, copying, etc.\n\nCLT is now the tenth-busiest airport in the country, and getting busier.
So sometimes we get a six pack of variety beers at a lower cost than paying for them individually.
In C, is there a cross-platform way to store what a variable might contain for quick reloading of its contents?
The outdoor space, however, is great.
You can not call private methods, there is no way for it directly.
My current jQuery code looks like that: How do I achieve that only the currently selected option gets a red color?
We will definately be going back.
I believe he's been there 8 years or so now.
I am a member of nearly every major hotel chain's reward program and consistently stay at hotels ranging from the average 3 star hotel to exclusive beachside resorts.
Thankfully my maki was delivered at the same time and had a flavor punch that diverted me from the much more vanilla tempura.
Can I be able to join the colored series with grayscale colored series for example, London colored and London grayscale should be joined, like continuouss series after November, without any break in the series.
There, I hope this got you going on a journey in the world of the really amazing Qt &amp; QtCreator tools!
But what is happening is that i cannot "reselect" the , the .
Shuttle guy was friendly and prompt.
You can change the Find navigator from searching for text to search for regular expressions, then you can be as detailed as you like.
I am working on a Tactical Turn-based Strategy and thought that this could add a new dimension to gameplay if I can pull it off.
you know what I mean)\n\nI ordered the Salmon del Mare as my main course, it was the special of the night and it was very good.
This is one of the best breakfasts I have had!
This would be the local equivalent to the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco ...
That's the price you pay for deliciousness.
But server was blocked in parseFrom function when the server and client both run.
Problem is there is a lot of rows so user can not recognize bad row easily.
So, in this case, the old object is released and new one is assigned and retained.
That's because the in your projection is referencing the original item in , then is modifying the original data.
Being a Florida girl and all, the thought of a surf shop in Charlotte made me smile.
Helicon Ape by Helicon Tech provides support for Apache .htaccess and .htpasswd configuration files in Microsoft IIS.
So for brunch, I ordered a steak breakfast that came with eggs, home fries and toast.
how to know how many object type="file" there are in a jsp i'm created a form to upload images into a blob field of a mysql database.
Then assume it is true for n = x ( the sum of the first x squares ) and then try to compute the sum of the the first x + 1 squares.
Here is an exception along with the stacktrace: ERROR An unspecified error occurred on the render thread.
Problem 2 : As Blau stated, this is also probably due to float precision.
Very objective and incredibly well written.
And also section 4.8 A prvalue of ﬂoating point type can be converted to a prvalue of another ﬂoating point type.
I referred the below link : It was due to the machine key generated by Web API and MVC.
I almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt, for the non-homebrewers).
T-Bones is always a fun spot to hangout with a nice view of Lake Wylie, but I will say that the food is mediocre.
Expect to wait on water or wait on refills.
Their sushi is excellent and that's usually what I get if we're not there during happy hour.
But in Charlotte, Sangha is hard to find...
There are many java based open source BPM tools.
What a novel idea, keep the sandwich simple and make it good (why don't you learn something Subway!) I highly recommend Milio's, and I highly recommend very little.
Their pho is unbelievable and their #4 (pork spring roll) is equally as amazing.
I cannot get my "if" command to work properly I am trying to add two numbers, even if they contain "-" or ".", but my if command is wrong somehow, here is the code: when I enter a non-number like "-sf" it returns the error: this makes no sense to me, seeing as a made sure Please help.
—end note ] No temporary is created, no copy is made, and constructors (12.1) or conversion functions (12.3) are not called.
\n\nFood:\nThai corn chowder- so good and very rich.
I have been wondering this for quit sometime, any insight will be much appreciated.
This restaurant is always a good choice.
25% off and you can drop off anytime during the day.
The place has gotten quite a dramatic face-lift.
The spicy buttery sauce on top that steak OMG!
What kind of protocol does it use for mail (is it IMAP, as I would configure my account on a PC or some other Google-only-knows-what-is-it protocol?) Or do I just have to mimic GData protocols?
But really it should be more than now.
Can't think how to even ask the question.
I've isolated the problem to a few lines from my large table, and you can download it here .
ISO 8601 in Joda-Time Joda-Time uses the ISO 8601 definition of weeks.
Recently we moved to California, went to a hometown buffet here, and were severely disappointed.
Took a friend to chow down at this thai restaurant.
You cannot auto-start application on TV launch.
StreamCorruptedException when connecting to a socket application over internet I have created a chat room application using java sockets which worked well over the LAN at my class.
Pros: Great homemade food at a great price\nCons: Location\nMy Advice: Go on a Friday or Saturday night, when you can get a Twice-Baked Potato\n\nI have been living in the C-U area for a little over 2 years now and I made my first visit to The Apple Dumplin' just 3 nights ago.
I am slightly saddened that they took out the 2 overstuffed chairs, but they need more tables because people like to come here and people hanging out in their community is a good thing.
My food choices sort of fell in the middle; but I've definitely experienced worse.
Olive or Twist located near the cultural district right across from the theater was the place to be.
We parked at Church and 5th thinking it was just around the corner but then had to walk two blocks which wasn't a pleasant walk on our way back from dinner when it got chilly and rainy.\n\nAmbiance: Intimate.
Once again, they will give it a kick if you ask!\nThe mango dessert is sublime, with just the right amount of sweet creaminess.\nI have never been disappointed.
You'll probably also want to convert line breaks in teh string (if there are any) into sequences and so on.
So you just want to take n equally distributed values of λ between 0 and 1.
(12 seconds for all 6 files).
Just a faster way to search and you also don't need to convert your to .
As far as limiting entity space, there's no Core Data support for this - you'd have to handle it programatically.
Then the detail vc would add that genre value to whatever array is back it's data, and then you call reloadData on the detail VC table.
The wife ordered the veggie dinner as well..
Lots of different pizzas to choose from on the bar as well as some pastas as well.
That is if i-th row and j-th row of B interchanges, need to sweep i-th row and j-th row of A also, similarly other elementary row operations.
I will be going back for all my car care needs!
You can use html5shiv to make IE support HTML5!
My companion got a rubin and she said that it was pretty good.I was too full, but she got a brownie with ice cream and she was very pleased.
You've set the variable i in the line .
Only took about 15 minutes as they prepared everything fresh.
It is now cozy, cute, and tiny.
and this is sample json response : (sorry the json language is persian and the titles won't be shown because of they are not UTF-8) : im an iOS Developer and i successfully do this in iOS with Grouped Style UITableView but i don't know how can i do this simply in android !
Like the other commentators, I feel the service can be hit or miss, mostly because the lack of a clear location to form a line, but it is generally excellent.
I need the function that return me the saved value.
AsyncTask already started onCreate When I try to execute an AsyncTask from a button click, my app says the task is already started.
The TVs are vintage mid 90s but who watches that much TV in a hotel room?
Take some time at first when you give him a new task to sit down and discuss possible solutions.
We got the next to last free table.
Currently I am printing the json response to the terminal like this, Then inside I do this, What would be the Go way to do this for building web applications?
We sat downstairs in the dining area, on the same side where they keep all their beers.
This means that you'll also be able to use the debugger, but you probably won't get the full benefit of the editor with autocompletion etc.
You could take a dictionary but make sure that you prevent duplicate key insertion.
If so, how do I do this?
Pass list of different named tuples to different csv by tuple name I have a program in which I wish to record all major changes that occur.
s are double buffered by default, so they won't flicker when they are repainted.
Up to now, I have this : So my difficulties lie in: Are the examples of setters that I made valid for this purpose?
The wine list is varied and reasonably prices, with especially fine after dinner selections.
How can I debug the source code of .Net Core (not ASP.net Core)?
They offer all sorts of ice cream creations such as floats, sundaes, splits, and milkshakes.
I honestly don't know what browser support is for that, but it's a bad idea.
Or similar stuff, which I believe is present in Perl or PHP.
The draws for the adults are definitely the movies and the touring exhibits.
I would go back for a special occasion but probably not anytime soon.
I've never had a misplaced shoe, so don't let that fact deter you from having Top Shoe repair your shoes.
But I can safely say that my experience at Metcalfe's topped it.\n\nIt was very clean and well stocked.
I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out.
They also had caramel regular & amaretto whip cream (say whaaa?!) .
And despite the enormous traffic, the place is always clean and well stocked.
I've been messing around with it for a week and have gotten no further.
\n\nRooms are very clean and spacious.
Bug in JavaScript V8 regex engine when matching beginning-of-line?
Should I set this up using product options (1,2,3 would be possible options), or do I have to generate variants of A, B, C (eg.
If you want to get fancier, this NuGet package gives you lots of extra attributes: Data Annotation Extensions .
I was hoping that the general gist of my answer is that regular expression parsing isn't as simple as Perl makes it out to be.
there are methods to overwrite the name, but nobody cares about upload a file without a name.
The calamari arrived quickly and was piled so high on the plate I could barely see over the plate!
But just like normal threads, it doesn't have to be at the very top, the stack pointer just has to start at the highest address in the chunk used for that stack.
I feel like I come with a ten dollar bill, leave with money and have a bag full of goodies.
This might you confused to see that it is not redirecting to next page.
An example, I want to use this URL on my proxy server and redirect this into the root directory of my tomcat on another server with proxy_pass .
For these data, I would also require to search them by key when necessary.
I have the following Scala Code: Which produces this: So I have a Bouncy Castle object.
I also had the chi town appetizer platter and it was not bad.
Not fun.\n\nSo to say the least, I was a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling I was being drowned.
My only recourse seems to be to create a generic project from, say, the Java perspective, then right-click the project in the package explorer view and choose PyDev->Set as PyDev Project, then switch to the PyDev perspective, then configure the project folder manually.
They left because Sak's wouldn't update their area.
For instance, what if you decided that you not only want to have User Events, but also, Account Events, or Login Events, and User, Accounts, and Logins are all different types of entities, but they share some Events.
Came in here just reading some reviews, figured, I'll give it a shot, they were good.\nI walked in to an empty restaurant and was worried, but the owner Frank was there to greet me and how pleasant he was.
I even have a friend who also became a volunteer here after visiting.
A typicall background GPS user is the facebook app (or google+ I guess).
I was stuffed by the burger they served me.
The service can be slow during the lunch rush, and the interior is a bit run down.
I would say that eating the pizza in the shop is better than taking it out.
The tasso and shrimp fettuccine - a combination of shrimp, smoked ham, and mustard cream sauce sounds like a questionable combination but it is soothing, hot soul food at its fanciest.
(xx.xx.xxx is ip address of other server and user is username at that server) The above statement is giving me error: 1174 - Grant command denied to user It is working fine in the localhost phpmyadmin.
Any tips to understand / debug this?
Using python docx to create a document and need to modify the paragraph style and save it I am trying to modify "Text Body" style for paragraph in word 2010 so that the Below paragraph spacing is much less.
While you are finishing your soup and working on your salad, the chef starts with hibachi veggies (thin sliced carrots, onions, zucchini, mushrooms and broccoli).
Even though it was the end of the day, the flowers were still perky and the arrangement was spectacular.
We opted not to eat there, as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and I will get to that review later...\n\nSo the show was good.
The food is not greasy or oily, like I've experienced at some other breakfast places.\n\nThe coffee is excellent and the orange juice really is fresh squeezed.\n\nIf you're coming on a weekend for breakfast or lunch, expect to wait as long as an hour because the place is just that popular.
EDIT: Thanks to all the responses.
ReadFile can take a long time to get serial data and this would block the GUI message processing if it was done in the main thread.
You can name the foreign keys in a sensible way (i.e.
Sweet tea and spicy chicken sandwich was yummy!
\n\nThe food is all house made and truly delicious!
Make sure to ask for sweet and sour sauce if you order the crab rangoons as it is not assumed.
And believe you me, if the food is not that good, I will remember it no matter how drunk I am.
2) 'Tasks' class = (tasks submitted by user and grouped in projects) 3) I want to be able to Query for certain projects, and get the relation data at same time.
The offending code Gives the following output: Full source code
in the majority of cases you will still want to do this on the client...
So I hated this Soba place owned by the same people, and I happen to stumble into this joint for lunch.
Overall, my Mom enjoyed the meal and evening, more than me, which is good.
This means that the activity doesn't have the correct information to do some things - like starting another activity.
\n\nTIP #2: You can't get their udon or ramen to-go.\n\nBottom Line: If you're accustomed to some noodle houses in New York or LA, or in cities with large Asian communities, no, this place isn't going to be on the same level-- but sometimes you don't need all the frills.
There is hope for the Charlotte Asian dining scene!
The drink menu was well rounded and we enjoyed both the beer and cocktails.
The entertainment was of real German-style lights, music, costumes, etc.
--- EDIT --- In response to your comment, I believe what you want is here.
There is a Latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.
Picasso's is a great place with lots of TV's, seating and games.
In my case it was trying to include a folder but I had a folder named .
\n\nI hope to attend one of the interesting classes that I have seen mentioned.
It is a C++ library that is meant to be fast and scalable.
I found that the issue didn't occur when instantiating the Selenium Firefox driver from an existing profile, so my workaround was to create a blank profile, launch Selenium's Firefox driver using a temporary copy of that profile; then at the conclusion of the test, delete the temporary copy.
Ensure you are including the correct (latest) cordova file in your HTML.
But this was a little better.
but the dog is the way to go here.
If I hadn't moved out of town, I would certainly still be making the lengthy drive from Bloomfield to get here--it was worth it.
You get a huge flag to carry through with you, so if you need help the staff can locate you quickly.
I've tried using , but it still doesn't enable LINQ methods.
In the UK you should be able to do the same (well, cool your room at least) with just a ground loop, a cheap pump, and a fan with more copper tubing coiled behind it.
Let's not talk about the sweet tea.
If you trace it back, you'll see that the return value of that function is used, but it never returns anything.
E.G your user entity should not allow an age of -1.
I have been thoroughly pleased with economics (by comparison) and quality each time.
I was even lucky enough to buy the last two paczki in the store.
The salsa has a little bit of a kick to it and you can see the fresh cilantro in the tomato puree.
One simple way to solve this is to use some kind of a scheduled (cron...) job to delete any orphaned parents.
I had a suit and a dress that I needed dry cleaned, as well as fixing the buttons.
I frequent the nearby Bryant street restaurants, but did not even know this place existed until a friend of mine brought took me here today for hot chocolate.
In addition to the food, the atmosphere was really cool and the service was fantastic.
I have not tried the hibachi but it is nice that they have it for dining with a mixed sushi/non sushi eating crowd.
Great staff, Chefs are incredibly talented and that Brunch.....goodness.
If I understand the question, you want to get stories that are currently accepted, but you want that the returned results include snapshots from the time when they were not accepted.
(I shortened the code normally the if will do a lot more but because that's already working I only focus on the else part here).
A very laid back atmosphere makes it perfect for dinner before heading out or just relaxing all night.
The button_tag helper includes an option, .
Different servers may have different setup that have a different default platform encoding.
It was toasted a nice light brown color, not that nasty halfway toasting that gives no color and makes the bread crusty like it sat out all day.
Lobster!!\nThe Hash Browns are to die for also!!
I no longer live in the area and I still crave a weekend in the Pittsburgh area just so I can get a pie!
The spinach dip is excellent, extra cheesy and hot served with chips, and fresh veggies- carrots, celery, broccoli and cauliflower.\n\nWe all had burgers and fries.
That could mean, for example, the existence of some auxiliary function G that allows a shorter algorithm.
\n\nThey also have a juice bar & vegetarian \""cafe.\"" I don't think I'd call it a cafe, more like buffet.
Mile-high cheesecake, a decadent chocolate layer cake, creme burulee, and more seasonal offerings.
You have created list of exceptions, i.e.
I encountered this error when trying to debug to run a web application after publishing from VS 2012 to IIS 7.5.
For a project I am currently working on, I have to draw a heat map of New York city community based on certain input using R.
The sauce was a little saltier than I prefer, but still quite good.
mbrubeck has graciously moved it out of the “unconfirmed” pile.
You can of course create list of songs and channels then add and manipulate them based on index.
I think they have to go through some sort of wine school to become a server there.
In case 2 it will be deleted as well, because will be out of scope by the time is deleted.
It's a very nice experience to try.
She did a great job esp with my cuticles!
Is there a tutorial on how to code a parser available online?
You could simply post a redirect-header at the end - possibly according to errors occuring or not.
\n\nYou're going to spend money but its worth it.
If I understand you correctly you have one table with words (or more general text).
I have a backup database file (i.e.
I will certainly come back and update this review!\n\n**A special thanks to Matthew L.
The garbage-collector does not identify and examine garbage, except perhaps when processing the Large Object Heap.
You can also goto App settings on the phone and clear data/cache of Google Play app.
Their food is a little expensive but its so good.
If you are a light sleeper, be sure to bring ear plugs, or ask for a quiet room facing the other direction.
Our favorite place in Pittsburgh for Thai food!
This might be a new bee error...
You can actually get help here from people who know what they are doing....not the experience I had at the local Home Depot.
How can a completely fill its parent ?
Friends know old lady Toya will be getting a basic tall coffee to kickstart a day of activities.
(The shrimp on the dinner portion are actually twice the size.) And the food is good.
\n\nFor the sides, I got corn and the French fries.
Use the below query: And hope your MySql Data Providor cannot be recognized by VS.
Consistency is key for me and IG is always consistent.
an appetizer, pasta, main course, a salad and and dessert.
HIGHLY recommend them to you if you work in the downtown pgh area
I was vegan for years, vegetarian for about 9 years or so.
You could feasibly bring Bojangles to another state!
It is kind of tucked away but if you are on that side of Uptown, consider trying to find it.
I just wondered whether there is any good reason for or even an advantage in having to invoke s using in Ruby, which makes higher-order function syntax much more verbose and less intuitive.
UPDATE***: thanks to the answer below now the menu looks like this: thanks!
Sorry, just found the solution: Hope that could be useful for someone else...
The best part about visiting the king, as we call it, is the workers.
Call setCancelable using the false argument.
The place was packed and had a constant stream of people, busy busy.
If your RDMBS ignores nulls in unique constraints, this is as simple as applying such a constraint to each FK column.
\n\nDefinitely recommend if you're a museum lover!
\nWe had the fried zucchini, spanakopita, and their fish sandwich.
Also: THE PROBLEM : Currently, R is working very hard, but does not seem to change anything in the column.
, which loads ) and the second parameter loads a suffixed version if available.
*be careful of bools and things that have default values.
I recommend looking over this documentation for the ABNewPersonViewController class.
You can change the css element in your target file.
Good food, drinks are priced decently, super friendly staff.
I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house.
I would actually eat here, as opposed to most coffee shops.
I ordered it spicy but found it to have a strange taste.
you're telling the system that whatever work would have been done in the finalizer has already been done, so the finalizer doesn't need to be called.
Because layouts are typically constructed from left to right, it is common for the right side of the image to be cropped off when it's dimensions exceeds the width of it's containing parent.
They are the best landlord I've ever had.
Considering the amount of meat and the overall size of this sandwich the $7 and change price was more than reasonable.
is there any option to limit the number of items pulled from the same way as you would do it with when pulling the data directly from Firebase reference with ?
As a result, there seemed to be a lot of not-quite-trademark-infringement merchandise in the Steel City, and much of it had my name all over it.\n\nBut I couldn't find a \""Ben At Work\"" sign, try as I might.
Do I have to use notification hub?
It comes with rice and an egg roll.
can any one explain this behavior?
I usually fly through Atlanta, but happened to have a rare return connection on a recent flight thru here.
If you're looking for a chill meal, this is a great place to check out!
I LOVE fresh herbs and spices.
like: Function is called twice for each object.
Uses the SimplePie and FeedCache functionality for retrieval and parsing and automatic caching.
There is also the matter that considering all line segments may be worst than simply considering only two polygons, in which case you stop as soon as you get one valid intersection (some intersections may not meet your requirements to be count as an overlap).
The omelet's at The Original Pancake House are absolutely huge and I don't think I've ever actually finished a whole omelet in one sitting.
I wouldn't order it unless you're really into hash.
I think they are very accommodating.
They also gave me the option to use Honda parts or 3rd party on a previous issue, which is great because I prefer to use Honda parts.
Their fresh pasta is excellent, too.
This is the real deal...in Pittsburgh.
alertAddress however is not at all happy about doing the same thing.
All testament to why you must go.
We had the vegetable tempura, tonkotsu ramen, and chicken katsu cutlet.
arquillian using a random port with tomcat7 embeded I'd like to use a random port for arquillian.
We also had the Cajun Fried Oysters, New Orleans B.B.Q.
It's located right in the heart of Shadyside, and while some of the patrons are typical uppity Shadyside residents, the staff are very laid back and very cool.
I understand that an AsyncTask runs in the background, and there may be a possibility where the BroadcastReceiver and the AsyncTask threads may update the ArrayList at the same time.
The IMAX theater is awesome, and there are typically a few different movies to choose from.
it is slightly different than true NYC style: the crust is not as thin and there's a whole lot more cheese.
Both branches were copied from trunk revision 122.
I almost wanted to fold the entire breakfast up and eat a giant pancake eggarito.
How to integrate rest Api with Magento Hello I have Third Party REST API And I want to integrate that REST API with my Magento Project so, is that Possible in Magento??
Load up the hot sauce and tartar sauce, get some fried oysters and onion rings, and expect exactly what you ordered.
As others have mentioned, indexes / keys should help a mile in most cases If you can't do any of the above, another ugly solution (not sure if it will not go worse) is to create in-memory table, filter and fetch what's required and then fetch CLOB data.
I'm lucky to have Il Pizzi a block away.
Make sure to pop your head in for a drink or two on a Thursday night - you never know who might show up - like the Bud guy or the Jagermeister girls - it's a busy place, and a lot of fun, w/great staff and an owner who cares - this is as close to CHEERS as you'll ever get
In the next 5 years, CLT is planning to expand the roadway outside the airport, add an extension to the E terminal, add another security checkpoint, build 2 new parking decks, and make various improvements to the airport including many new restaurants.
the controls have an opacity when moving which by default is set to 0.4.
I have fixed this with an explicit definition of the SessionRegistry.
I have created a class that extends a view which will work as a drawing slate to draw a text.
It was easily the best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh; admittedly this isn't saying much, but this sandwich would hold its own anywhere.
\n\nI had a beer and a very good whisky sour.
What is the most correct way to add a UIViewController to a subview and remove it?
I've had a few parties catered by them - and they were overwhelmingly gracious.
I have a friend who told me the story of when he first moved to Charlotte and stumbled into what he thought was pronounced \""Cannolli's\"".
Consider the following example: I guess it's quite clear.
The service is very helpful & friendly.
Great guy and always helpful, patient, and kind.
It would be faster to use , but the format of date string of depends on the country set in Windows region and language settings and therefore requires knowledge of date string format on computer running this batch file.
It's lower level angular abstraction for async requests.
Located only 15 minutes from Uptown in the University area.
The only complaint I ever have is that yes, sometimes I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week.
Finally, the beer battered fish sandwich I had been looking for (I'm starting quite a few of my reviews off like this lately.
Probably, rather than inserting html in a text node, you should create a new html element with the right attributes.
Adding ViewPager inside another ViewPager I'm creating an activity showing some photos with ViewPager.
i finished off my dinner with the creme brulee and some coffee.
You only need virtual functions if you've set up an inheritance chain, and you want to override the default implementation of a function defined in the base class in a derived class.
However, I don’t know how to do the same with .
Like somehow check and read what windows are currently open.
Great place to relax and have a glass of wine out on their patio too.
They are VERY clean, some of the cleanest I have ever been in for an airport.
The best.\n\nThe cheese counter is heaven on earth.
I always find a spot to park on 3rd street and when it's nice and warm out; eating outside just makes it all worthwhile.
She comes home with sweaters for .$25.
I'm not a golfer but I can fully appreciate a pretty, well run golf course and Cedarwood is just that.
The size of a vector is split into two main parts, the size of the container implementation itself, and the size of all of the elements stored within it.
Within 48 hours, with Doug's description of the car and it's features, I owned one.
I'm always a fan of Cuisine Malaya!
The chicken, pork ravioli was interesting.
The following reviews are a step-by-step account of the long weekend.
Even though he uses an activity to launch it you could modify it to run in a service.
The problem is these threads are finishing and loading images even though they may not be on the screen anymore.
The above structure of will no longer be but , where is the number of times you want to run the segmentation.
I create the definition of an equation, let's just say it's this one: In reality, this equation is more complex, which is why I wanted to try a shortcut.
To have a more rapid development, there is a ServletFilter which in development-mode, watches the yeti-source dir and recompiles the yeti-sources on each change automatically and than uses them to handle the rquest.
But, with my improved view of their food, I'll take a few missteps in the service part, and overall they've been efficient when I've needed to get in and out during a lunch hour.
\n\nCompared to other UPS stores, it's not all that different.
The flavor is very earthy and peppery.
Thus, I set the following configuration in my pom.xml: When I run the configuration, it adds succesfully this information in my file: Now, I import my project in Eclipse.
You heard me, landed in Charlotte and after checking into my hotel, I decided to B-Line it to Mert's; because there was a need in me to have some good food, and I got delicious food.
def foo(a, b=1, c=2, *d, e, f: 1, g: 2, **kwargs, &amp;block)
He litterally saved me with this nap and dark room.
I'm trying to get it to satisfy the case of multiple inputs.
I've been meaning to give the place a review, but I can be forgetful.
You can use: where is the post title
While my experience was derived from Restraunt week have to say that had the bill been full price I would have been glad to have paid the normally expected total for this culinary delight.
\n\nWe arrived around 7pm on a rainy Thursday evening.
If it's not a for-profit site(hobby, for instance), then you probably shouldn't bother, unless there's a really significant IE6 market share in your target market.
I have checked in db.currentOp() and I saw that the op is indeed taking about 2.5 mins to finish and the query is the same as the one I ran manually and the execution plan do use the index.
OSX sound output split across two USB devices If two headsets are both connected to USB ports in OS X, the Preferences => Sound => Output pane only allows the user to select one of them at a time.
I talked to a couple of Firefox developers (mbrubeck and gavin), and they think that it’s a bug!
Is there some easy way using Spring framework?
It prints out where ranges from to and is incremented by 2 each iteration of the loop.
Our waiter was really nice and attentive.
please Is anybody there can I get help whit this issue...?
Save and restore elscreen tabs and split frames I have many elscreen tabs(frames?) that are horizontally and vertically split.
The onion rings are beer battered (not breaded) and fried to perfection.
if I do this: my code works, but I would like to do something like: right now I can just read "lat" as a string.
They don't use msg and its safe for pregnant woman like me.
I am still the light and sweet kinda beer person, so I tried something with raspberry notes in it, and LOVED it!
this returns the client object and you can use the method like Hope this helps you.
It will read from stdin and print a bunch of constants to stdout (gradle is trying to parse the version from this), but you want to see stderr: If the command fails, an error should be shown which can hint at the problem.
Makes me wonder about the fact-checkers at yelp...
A little excessive on the Starbuck's bashing though...hoorah pretention!
The drinks are also fairly priced.
You are simply over complicating things.
might find a proper answer when pastebin.com isn't overloaded and I can see your responses!
The same holds for the last four destructor calls at the end: the first destructor call os from your and the other three destructor calls are for the that was declared outside the block and for destroying the object.
Using Swift 3 Measurement and Unit classes in Realm Does Realm support the new Measurement and Unit classes in Swift 3 Foundation?
I tried clicking the "star" button with click() method but it doesn't work.
Any configuration to be tweaked in , or ?
Here's an example: Now, the data will be in the onLoadFinished() callback.
You need to move the delete query parameter up in your Url.
And the same goes for Dialog and Tabs.
This is my all time favorite restaurant in Bloomfield.
While new string its about 15.
This was one of the best music stores that I've visited in Pittsburgh.
I've always heard good things about the Spaghetti Warehouse, and I'm one to love a great dish of spaghetti and meatballs!\n\nA friend of mine had a buy-one-get-one coupon from the local newspaper, so the two of us ate for the price of one.
The chicken was a bit on the dry side, but it still had great flavor.
Cats are very good at that.
So there is continuous records for each symbol and the same number of records are selected for each symbol.
so is quite Linux specific (even if some few other systems, perhaps Solaris with GCC, have it).
I tried to install Android build tools 23.0.1 but i get this: Any help or advice I would be very grateful Thanks!
Their fries were amazing, they were the kind that are battered and those are my favorite (very few places around the burgh sell them like that) so this was very exciting to me.
1.00 fleece hats and 2.00 fleece scarves.
Error: [$rootScope:infdig] 10 $digest() iterations reached I'm trying to show the posts of my json output into my view but I'm getting an error.
Meaning, for example- I took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.
4 of 4 stars (Excellent, mid-priced hotel).\n\nCan't possibly qualify for five stars (only high-end places can).\n\nNewly remodeled and contemporary lobby.\n\nFairly small rooms.
Note: The public-to-private-port mapping does not let you do any load-balancing.
For the cliffs notes version, the example boils down this:
They truly went above and beyond!
Wrong button sizes while using wpf xceed toolkit wizard I'm using the wizard from the wpf xceed toolkit.
When it arrived, it was hot, tasty and a generous serving.
Grilled Talapia was delicious and lightly seasoned.My son ordered the wing meal and always enjoys the teriyaki flavor.\n\nFriendly service but forgetful.
It can get really crowded on game days, but it's a fun venue to hang out and watch games.
would you have a look at a similar example here: <a href=" also this one: <a href="
I created couple of custom controls and their childresn correctly shows the attached properties in Property Browser for WPF, but in silverlight none of the attached properties appear in Property Brower.
For example Or These code snippets can be written as functions Or The same way an array of strings can be printed.
I love this place!\n\nBest European Food in Charlotte, besides my mother's of course....
You could try writing a small wrapper around the of your object type, and giving it a string based overloaded accessor.
I can't speak for customs, parking, or going through security because I've only had connections here.
(german if possible) How can I test it?
java selenium - hidden input value First Stack post, so don't be harsh if I get it wrong.
If I add before I call NSStringFromClass or objc_getclass it, it works.
No problem found it here complete with its own glass buttons.
Data that is committed stays persisted in a neo4j database.
while will use current context to render page.
or a pink mohair cardigan to match my beehive hairdo.
When I was younger, my friend and I went to this CVS and started interviewing strangers on camera.
One employee went so far as to ice his neck in hope to help him sober up, if nothing else at least remeber his name.
I want to check start_on not equals another start_on.So what can i do?
React Redux routing - is there something simple that just works and isn't going to change in 12 hours?
Obviously, this is kind of workaround solution rather than native way of styling the radio buttons which to my knowledge doesn't exist.
Here is the general code that a recorded macro will show you.
The definition should spell out exactly how you should implement it in C#.
I had the roasted turkey club and it was tasty.
Try to configure an all-lower-case metadata table name instead, like , for example.
Nice place to stop after some shopping if ya know where it is.
This is the repository (+ pom.xml): Here is the build log: This is the output of mvn -v: I've tried to change my java version from 1.7 to 1.6 but this didn't help.
I have lived at Mozart for 3 years now.
The 1st and 3rd Friday sales are on limited items that are on clearance.
My understanding is that both types should have similar insertion performance.
They have certainly got me wanting to go back for more.
Upon opening it I was also pleased to see that the slice was pretty large.
Firstly, the cast to is counter productive.
\n\nThey had an Ethiopian movie playing on the big screen above the windows which explained why everyone was looking my way when I peeked in!
The items were done in a timely manner.
Is there any way to accomplisch that?
We also had the hibachi dinner...I had chicken and steak, my wife and steak and shrimp.
For an object, you'd use , not (or dynamic access in a loop like you showed).
Great cheese selection, and the guys at the counter know their stuff.
It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.
\n\nMany things to note here, so I'll point out the items that stood out like an MBA player in Japan.\n\n1) The carts glide smoothly.
I work close so go here often.
How to rollback in EF4 for Unit Test TearDown?
I think what your looking for is this: getFromLocationName (String locationName, int maxResults) From the docs : Returns an array of Addresses that are known to describe the named location, which may be a place name such as "Dalvik, Iceland", an address such as "1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA", an airport code such as "SFO", etc..
JavaScript - Reposition a DIV incrementally onClick Very simple code, very simple problem.
\nMy congratulation on being a place that I have visited for over 10 years and still makes the mark of having great staff, great food and ambiance.
I ordered the salmon cakes, greens and mac & cheese.
The noodles were great and the vegetables were deliciously cooked (I tend to go vegetarian).
Speaking only for myself, though the bisque is the main attraction, the lobster island usually found floating in the middle is akin to the cherry topping an ice cream sundae.
I specified the path correctly and the file is there.
All the examples I see seem way to complicated, is there a simple way to do this?
No - it's not a prerequisite, even if you have a client app that consumes them - but imho it's a good idea.
It's a GoDaddy domain and I'm using masked domain forwarding.
They are carrying more and more craft beers, but the masses generally aren't buying them.
They were both fresh and delicious and worth the trip (although they won't be available until Feb again).
I went here on the day of a wedding (I'm from out of town) for a last minute pedicure.
You can check the browser mode by pressing F12 to bring up the Dev Tools window; the mode information will be shown at the top of the window.
IE11 - flash (.swf) not working when not connected/offline using appcache (webcam.js) we are running webcam.js to take pictures inside a html site.
Dropped in here for dinner last night and for the first time I actually tried their wood fired chicken salad.
After she is finished with her grooming, she plays with the other dogs that are there for Doggie Day-Care.\nSammie smells so good when I pick her up and she always has a cute bandana on her.
Now, I hate regular peas, but these had some sweet onions mixed in, and I ate every bite of food on my plate.
The name was catchy, and the food looked cool.
Python File Writing Format Issue The Code rainfalls.txt rainfallInInches.txt This is the unwanted output ('Manchester', '1.46')('Portsmouth', '0.35')('London', '0.20')('Southampton', '0.47')('Leeds', '0.79')('Cardiff', '1.65')('Birmingham', '1.34')('Edinburgh', '1.02')('Newcastle', '0.43') My program takes the data from 'rainfalls.txt' which has rainfall information in mm and converts the mm to inches then writes this new information into a new file 'rainfallInInches.txt'.
So, the choices are, to switch to VS2012, for which there is a Plug-In , or invest in figuring out the format in VS2010 and fixing the existing suggested code.
Not only are they reasonable priced, their desserts are out of this world and their work is fantastic.\n\nI used them for my wedding cake and dessert table.
For food, we ordered clam chowder, a hot lobster roll, and a fish sandwich.
We dined here in January with friends and had a really good time.
Indexing the last dimension of a 3D array with a 2D integer array I have one 3D numpy array, and another 2D integer array which values are in the range of .
Went to Umi last night on a first date.
the Graphics g object is passed to the "paint" method but I don't see it's creation anywhere?
The entrees that my date and I ordered did take a little long because they were very busy but we just enjoyed our appetizer in the meantime so it didn't bother us at all.
The downside with this tool is that it only recognises inline CSS.
I have an idea of how I could implement it using a reduce like function, but I don't know how to pick one random element from a set.
Whether you use your data (EF) models for the MVC model or not in either case you're going to have to decorate a bunch of classes (properties) with the attributes.
Parking is reasonable with easy access.
Even the mozzerella was fresh, not the shredded typical stuff.
I have a SSCCE by request.
The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu, leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month, but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for $6.00.
I'm feeling rather clever about this answer, but I strongly suspect that I've made too many assumptions about your data, in particular the constant nature of var2 and var3:
The drafts aren't cheap, at $5-$8 a draft but Happy Hour is from 6-8pm and is $2 off a draft.
Just give this guy some love because he's awesome.\n\nI'll post an update if I can ever make it back for Sunday Brunch!
No, but among the best.\n\nServers are consistently friendly and efficient, and the dining area is always clean.
They made my trip better and made me feel so welcome!
I add bacon, onion, mushrooms, avocado, tomato, lettuce and their spicy mayo/double dip sauce.
If you're looking to place a big order or two?
But the problem is that i can connect to arduino web server a couple of times then something happens and i cant connect to it then i have to restart it to be able to connect to it again.
I have made sure all my Android Studio is updated to the latest versions, but any time I compile the code on my machine, it shows this blank map.
My code to invoke the procedure is below [statement and err are OCI handles passed into this function from higher up] The statement parses properly and the two binds succeed, but I get an error on execute.
I came up with the following extension method that has a special routine for IE6:
It has the d\u00e9cor of a tavern, is very dim and crowded inside.
The strawberries were sliced paper thin, fresh, not at all syrupy, and there were two, huge, filled crepes on my plate-enough for two people.
There are a few other parking lots they might not know about, and if you time your arrival you can find people leaving.
Trust is how a business thrives.
This was my first visit to the Original Pancake House, on the recommendation of one of my friends who tried it on a recent visit to Charlotte.
This was my favorite sandwich, anywhere, ever, period.
A great and refreshing way to end the meal.
gantt expanding the timeline date So, looking at this page...
:) I can always tell when food isn't fresh, or prepared too far ahead of time, etc.
This love affair has now extended to the Korean culture and language.
New and Dispose, though, are "aware" of the type you're allocating or freeing memory for, so they will do any additional work to make sure that all the internal housekeeping is taken care of automatically.
When user presses in toggle button the streaming should stop when clicked again it should start.
With the closing of the Cemetery circa 1992, Ford's - formally Muscles & Fitness remains Madison's only real gym.
Old-times feel, but they have awesome hoagies, great pizza, and very good italian food.\n\nThey do deliver, and pretty much anything on the menu is able to be ordered for delivery.
Here is an example of my usage: I expect an output of average power production corresponding to the set of input wind speed.
I did the following steps: Authenticator class(partial) AuthenticatorService manifest authenticator xml
The sauce was really spicy and flavorful that I couldn't waste it so I asked for more bread and took care of that.
In the fiddle, the blue div is the 'Mid' div, and the red div is the content div.
The procedure took 10 mins - in and out.
The theater is small and feels really comfortable.\n\nParking is bountiful and free!
The food was large and in charge and sufficiently greasy to make sure you could function the next day.
The remainder of the hot dog was really good though.
It had chopped chicken and salad on a ciabatta roll.
However, there are thousands of indie flicks (and mainstream too) and the membership is free.
I have to do it fast because my billing at ring central is coming due in a few days.
In brief: sets a minimum version and allows last version digits to go up, while keeping BC safety .
The sauce was also sweet; it tasted like the sauce that came with the meatballs.
As you can see it fails to install the DeviceAgent-Runner.app app with a timeout.
The service was amazing, and we never wanted for anything.
Not only did my belt \""adjust\"" on its own, but hubs and I took home a combined box of leftovers that fed us for a few meals afterwards, too!\n\nI was craving hibachi like crazy, so we drove on up to the University area to score some tasty Japanese grill cookin'.
I am happy to provide more info if needed!
How do you best avoid getting flagged as spam?
This is the code for my web.clj file, which successfully redirects to the landing.clj file: This is from the landing.clj file, the error is located somewhere with the function:
Love the extra cheese on top of anything you want.
I really don't see the advantage.
The chicken biryani was very good, perhaps not traditional, but its very hard to get good biryani in any restaurant around town and this was about as good as we've had so far.
I was in Columbia and I stopped in that Lexus dealership for a car wash and not once did anyone asked did I purchase the car there, it's a Lexus and it was washed and delivered back to me clean as a pin.
I was told that SQL Server 2008 R2 can load MDF without LDF.
I can't wait to go back.
I can run this back through a that expects a BaseObj and it works fine: My service contract is decorated with a attribute with the and included in the list.
I tried lamb briyani, gobi lasanwala, naan, chicken tikka.
Is there even something in OSGi that I could use?
Tinyscrollbar for Mobiles According to Tinyscroll's website , mobile scrolling is supposed to work.
They have the single worst, ugliest, most horrifying syntax imaginable, and yet they don't manage to give you any more functionality than you could already achieve with some (infinitely prettier) work.
Load xml malformed with simplexml I've got a malformed xml file, basically it have ampersan(&amp;) inside the tags and they are not escaped...
I had a connector from R to RDBMS, where I stored 80mln compounds.
They have fresh-squeezed orange juice, a nice Eggs Benedict, and even hearty yellow grits.
Lots of places to unintentionally chuck your ball into the great ball graveyard.
I went at lunch, so it was a little crowded for my liking, but that's to be expected.
Anyway, here's some code that might solve this for you: Untested, but might work :-)
When reviewed the other requests that are made, I came up with, you must pass the "package name" in the parameter logo as well.
Here is a lot of information on the history of it:
How can the onMouseWheel event be caught and stopped from being handled elsewhere I would like to catch the event for the whole page (for context I am doing custom scrolling) but need to stop everything else on the page handling it too.
While waiting, we had the opportunity to observe their operations and I was suprised.
Newly relocated to Pittsburgh's east end from Miami, I wasn't sure where to turn for my hair.
Both of them have the same child, followed by a single blank character (otherwise carrot issues ensue).
I don't know how they do it but they do a great job of infusing a ton of flavors into it.
My family and I will be returning:)
My 14-year-old daughter introduced me to this place.
Something like this: I could set up 5 different queries for the 5 date possibilities (weekly) of a payment plan for the next 31 days, pull them together in a UNION and then filter out dates that are not in my time horizon but I would like to find a simpler solution.
And then comes the decision on the sides...
\n\nThere is parking everywhere surrounding the arena.
If you're having difficulty, your server will be happy to help you, too (ask for Ryan).
This object has a method called "getTextRenderMode" that will return the above text render mode.
SpawnUri automatically appends ".js" when compiled to JavaScript.
It reminds me of the days when I lived in Denver.
I have started by running the walkthrough from the Jetty@Eclipse documentation, which basically looks like that: The problem is that the handler gets called twice on every request .
The waitresses are nice and understanding of the state that some people come in at 3 in the morning, and it will always be a place I look to when I need greasy breakfast-type food.
View source shows you the source of the original html file, it does not update when javascript updates the DOM.
Bed was comfy, and the pool area was very family friendly.
The default is the global object.
Now I ask you experts to kindly help me to figure out the reason behind this automatic deletion of data.
This was the first gourmet chocolate shop I went into and I spent a lot of time here debating what to buy - considering the chocolate melting during the bus ride, what I actually want to eat, etc.
I'm happy I had lunch there and if you try it I believe you will to.
To do so create a css file and link it to the html by including this in your html code And then in your mystyle.css file you would have to include something like this Then your html file divs would look like
[Class] ImageButton Image Buttons for AHK GUIs.
Typical sports bar layout: taps, cheap drinks and a ton of tv's.
This wouldn't be such a huge problem, but they did it on my white shirts that I don't wear tucked in!
And I'm really starting to like it because I feel like I'm traveling back in time when I pull into the parking lot and see the sign.
Go if you want some of the best new south food, don't go if you are a snob who won't go to a restaurant in a Marriott no matter how good it is!!
While this is custom in ASP.NET you need to make sure that you absolutely understand the implications if you want to go down that route, as it can really hurt performance.
You can't really beat brunch and a couple of local beers for under $10.
Canvas not drawing image from spritesheet Ok So I have managed to draw one image that is the player, but Now I am trying to draw an enemy and it just wont work.
The place is always a bit dusty and musty...
Open kitchen in the first room.
When cleaning the car they even cleaned the door hinges area meticulously.
Just as a southern airport should be.
The toppings were all super fresh, the meat expertly seasoned, the sauces to die for.
But try it, and let me know.
There are two locker rooms, a stretching area, one or two \""class\"" rooms, and that's about it.
So if you're accustomed (like I am) of looking ridiculous when you dance, you'll love The Breakfast Club.
\""What can I get ya hun,\"" \""How's your day going sweety,\"" that kind of stuff.
(just try it out in the console).
When I invented "const" (initially named "readonly" and had a corresponding "writeonly"), I allowed it to go before or after the type because I could do so without ambiguity.
Steps: If you choose, install the SOAPUI plugin in your IDE Use SOAPUI to create a test suite Use SOAPUI to create test case(s) within the test suite Use SOAPUI to create test step(s) within the test suite.
\nSplit a meal and can be very economical\n\nI could spend a few pages glorifying this place.\nI bet the negative reviews are from people that ordered a dish they would not like at any restaurant, or from people that go during restaurant week when they are slammed
I'm really enjoying my stay here at the Residence Inn.
I couldn't have asked for a better and tastier gift.
If something has it's already a promise, so you can just return that directly.
But I couldn't get any distance text.
The last 2 times I got it, the bread was burnt.
There should only ever be one google_tag_params assignment, not multiple (unless you are doing something crazy with multiple firings of the tag which probably isn't a good idea...) For example, say you had your 12 products.
This most probably is such case.
I knew streets would be closed down and blocked off and this wouldn't be your typical Madison experience, but without seeing the Mad city madness first-hand, it was hard to anticipate just what we were up against when it came to our group versus on-time transportation on this hallowed eve.
1) The decor is very outdated.
For example I want to get all of the nodes who's date field is between 2012-09-01 and 2012-09-30.
He doesn't judge and asks all the right questions.
And if so is there any evidence that people actually do that?
Seriously, the pours are generous, and if you MUST bring your own, bring a lot, because the corking fee is very reasonable.
When the user moves the cursor, you move the appropriate amount of text from one side of the "break" to the other.
We checked in with the ladies at the front desk and they happily pointed us to the garden areas and told us about the park; they also lent us an umbrella which was nice customer service.
I'm pretty sure that is not how JavaScript scoping works...
and these appear as plain square boxes in browsers.
Rick - if you did get that to work I'd be interested in how.
As soon as I saw their special, Winter Curry, (Green Curry that includes Kabocha Squash, Zucchini, Potatoes, Carrots, Chicken), I was thrilled.
Where to start for a web application?
If you are worried about the performance implications of the resizing, the correct approach is to profile this in the context of your overall application.
Love the Hibachi chicken, comes with two jumbo shrimp, soup, salad, noodles, rice and vegetables!!!
a WM_TIMER message received by a Windows GUI thread when it is waiting on its Windows message queue input).
So, if you need something to be executed when you click the button you just need to add the lines of code you want to execute below that generated chunk of code.
And, later on, after debugging, if you wish, switch back to boost.
5 stars for time warner arena, 4 for the bobcats.
I can see it getting the rollover/rollout events but it doesn't get the click unless focus is somewhere inside the first iframe's window.
When I couldn't find anything I was super frustrated.
I have London &amp; Berlin in December points in the chart, but i wanted to attached to the colored series, is it possible ?
Always great beer and good live music.
So anyone can find something that they want, whether its seafood, poultry, meat, veggie -- etc!\n\nYes, as I am such a fan of authentic Chinese restaurant, I'd come back.
So, I guess I just need to find an excuse to come back.
But don't worry, I'll keep trying.\n\nTheir sandwiches are huge and delicious - high quality (and quantity) meats and cheese.
\n\nThe place is divided into 2 sections.
Or to put it another way, you can't know that: you can only predict that.
It allows the code doing the resuming to communicate with the specific code doing the yielding.
Edit: if that can help it works on my phone but still not working on the emulator.
The group that helped me at the actual car rental site was equally professional and you could tell that they enjoyed working with each other.
I've been here before, so I know not to expect anything with my steak besides a plate and flatware.
Sometimes I think that gets forgotten.
\n\nI also love the baskets of bible verses near the entrances/exits.
I just found a way to do this.
For 5 dollars I believe, you get 12 minutes which is plenty of time to do a thorough wash, rinse, wax and time to use scrubber on front end/rims as needed.
The food is great for lunch.
( Documentation ) So I'm stuck between a functioning but very slow execution and a non-functioning but (supposedly) very fast execution.
Ruby and Rails: setting current_user if statement I'm in a controller method.
Loved the carpaccio, a must have,
Automate Splitting a PEM File into multiple Certs I need to figure out a way to automate the process of splitting a PEM file into multiple PEM files.
In fact, when do we use Object?
The salon is clean, the staff are kind, and I have never been disappointed.
We also visited here prior to our wedding and I shared the whole rack of ribs with my daughter and my husband had gotten the rotisserie chicken, the helpings were huge, the ribs were thick with meat and we did not leave hungry!
This project is inherited and I've noticed that even when running locally if I start VisualJVM and view the monitor and then open a website locally I see an Abandoned Connection Clean Up thread created and a number of http threads created.
I didn't know at the time that I could get a new seal at Truck Trends in Champaign.\n \nSomething that really impressed me though was how honest their detail person was about the state of the paint on my truck.
I love braised meats because braising can do such wonders to tougher cuts.
This is simple example there are more than 4 or 5 modules with lots of similar variables in every page, which cause conflicts.
After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not.
Please note that the banner ad is inside a dynamically created iframe.
The mixed green salad with champagne vinegarette and the tomato mozzarella salad are also great starters (but you may want to split the later as it's quite large).\n\nMain course: I don't eat red meat, but everyone I've dined with says that Capital Grille has the best steaks around.
Android : How to pause and resume runnable thread?
Other than that , use only default layout folder with proper layout structure and extract dimensions on different density folders.
Is there any way to pause and resume the thread?
We've continually had good service, the food comes out quickly & the prices are reasonable.
fish is about as fresh as you will find in Pittbsurgh.
validation for models in ruby on rails I have a model: In the view I have a called as .
A couple of random suggestions to experiment: early return should be used with caution when there is a barrier later: all work items in a work group should execute the barrier, and your kernel will hang if some work items already returned.
I can validate the xml against a schema.
Another, possibly easier option, would be to simply add a element on top of the image that contains the text.
Setting the width and height using percentages causes whatever I draw on top to come out blurred.
The exception is if your tests are taking too long to run, then you want to avoid duplication, but even that might be best done by splitting your tests into "core tests" and "full tests", and run all the old maybe-duplicates less frequently.
list that can hold instances of exceptions.
The problem is that for update of one attribute the method in the class gets called for each object in the graph which is not acceptable.
Basically it's a "I don't care if it fails".
Or you can just watch from your car.
You could break the word into an array of letters, and loop over this using a random number to determining case, after looping the array, simply stick the letters back together using NSMutableString.
which is over 20 years, so he knows exactly what he is doing.
Forms.Timer, the C++ builder Timer component and other such are ways of arranging for interval-based inter-thread notifications - if a thread does not actively wait for and handle those notifications, there can be no timer callback in the context of that thread.
This below config worked for me.
Anything you could ever desire in film is available in this store!
\n\nthe lounge area has 2 tables with chairs if you would want a table for eating or computer.
There is a flexible data generator in ELKI that can generate various distributions in arbitrary dimensionality.
not as creamy as most would have it.
I know this can be done with "maven shading".
I have a random object with Forward, Right, and Up vectors.
and then (maybe) need another SELECT of MYSQL?)
Walking in to Vin Santo felt like walking into your Italian Grandmothers kitchen (in the best ways).
Load me up with some more drinks and the free popcorn and peanuts (which you can just toss the scraps on the floor).
Next, what exactly are you trying to do following this bit?
Unfortunately, this seems to be a task, where you cannot get away using separate queries.
THis baby is gonna last me for the rest of the night and at least 1 slice for breakfast tomorrow.\n\n5/5 stars A+
Sometimes you'll get veggies and potatoes too, depending on what you order.
You know it is a good deal when my dad gets the check and his first words are, \""That's all?!\"" So with that being said, it is pretty affordable too.
The result is: So for each match you get the key in position 1 and the value in 2.
Al Mike's is my favorite neighborhood bar in Charlotte, NC.
I ordered the two foods their known for.
They had a variety of trees, fish, painted pheasants, a waterfall, and other hidden gems I wont spoil.
What resources do you request from the Operating System via P/Invoke How many instances of each form do you load?
For the addition, it could be like this
How to get private variable from I18n yii?
We recently moved to Pittsburgh, and one of my cats was dealing with an ongoing sickness.
Try to use ob_start() at the start of script, and exit(); after header("Location: contact.php"); smth like this ...
If you follow my reviews, you understand that I'm a stickler for properly cooked burgers.
If the sushi and entree portions here are considered small, the dessert portions are definitely normal or even large.
However, they do have many places to eat for vegetarians.\n\nThere is a farmer's table or something like that here.
The square footage in these bathrooms is also quite a bit bigger than a standard room.\n\nI also like the views from any of the upper floors of this hotel.
I'm not a fan of beer but can appreciate a vast selection.
It seems I have two options: Make the instance variable a static variable instead.
Our service was impeccable.\n\nI ordered the Mare.
Calabash-android supports manipulation, in your case entering text as well.
No , your regular expression specifies exact match for url , so it won't match '/mediaplayer/flashmediaelement.swf See first section here for exact match regex
My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place.
Simply declare the desired version in you POM where you specify the surefire plugin.
I've had friends and family stay here when visiting us in Charlotte because it's clean, safe and a good value.
The prices are also very reasonable.
So much flavor with the olives, 2 kinds of cheese, and the in house olive dressing.
Free Wi-Fi too, tough.\n\nFood- The Braddock (probably not spelling it right) restaurant downstairs is a little pricey.
After rereading my original post I see it looks confusing as hell...
The mix in the crowd is from 21-50 which makes it a good time to mess with the cougars.
I think you basically have the right idea.
The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage, jumbo lump crab, and risotto mixed in.
Here is an example from an old project of mine:
When I arrived to my room, I was very pleasantly surprised.
But there is a fair amount of space for people to walk about freely when going to the door.
Purchased a Cannondale 29er there, and have had numerous service visits for various bikes.
I can only speak to the lunch buffet as I have yet to visit during the dinner hour, but this place is a great value.
They're not too busy, but they can accommodate any size group.
The roast beef was phenomenal (I had tons of guests say it was the most tender beef they had ever eaten), and the executive chef even went out of his way to order in our special food requests just for us.
The flavors in the curries are so wonderful and the dished are garnished with carved vegetables.
then in i called and i returned the result of that as a HttpResponse.
I originally heard about it from my sister who was going to meet a friend out there.
I wish you could order a small because for $4 it's a huge basket.
what if I didn't know in advance what the wrapper name would be or what if I wanted to leave it up to the developer to decide.
you can do something like this: The parents() and siblings() methods are both great for this kind of thing.
I came up with a convention to eliminate the manual work.
Declaring it as a 1-dimensional array will make sure that is seen as an .
Your problem is exacerbated by the datastructure you are using.
You can format the date and time format using custom DateTime format strings.
Next it turns out you can not create and use custom attribute product_id.
There is no way to do this.
It is so massive, my arteries almost went on strike.
I've got a script to build the MSP patch, but it relies on a PCP file which needs to be edited in ORCA to describe the patch.
CLT you are always clean and pretty and fabulous!
Looks like just another house from the outside as you go zooming by on 7th Street, but this family-run garden shop is worth a look if you need to spruce up your yard or get your green thumb on.\n\nThe inside of the house is more like a gift shop with a pretty wide variety of gardening gifts and knick-knacks- from watering cans to small planters to all kinds of kitsch one can stick into their garden.
If McDonalds is the Toyota Corolla of the fast food world, Chick-fil-A is the Rolls Royce or Range Rover.
Once you've formatted the content correctly, you can feed it to mysql using your standard insert methods.
However Blog contains Posts and Post contains Blog.
In a cell as a standard formula, The MATCH function uses an approximate match for an impossibly high number.
It was very delicious but the only thing keeping me from 5 stars was that I understand that It was small and the pizza wasn't as filled as I would like it to be for the price.
Problem: tags cannot be moved out of It is currently impossible to move tags out of , thus blocking the rendering pipeline.
They either need to minimize the pat-downs, or somehow open up a few more gates somewhere.
Well, you see, a guest at my hotel asked if I...\n\nNext time I saw Monica, she had (after finishing her shift at the most popular convention hotel in the city) driven across town to the house of a friend's mom to retrieve the precious artifact.\n\nHere's a photo of her handing it to me.
A static site has 3 components: HTML files (or other content to serve via the web, like .txt files) referenced assets (js, images, css) a web server There is no database from which data is retrieved, compared to something like wordpress where all of your posts and pages live in a database.
I don't care if the previous reviewer thinks that this place is Americanized Chinese food--I love it!
Here is my code for webview:
Ribbon button not firing event set by onAction when clicked I've designed an add-in to Outlook 2010 where I'm trying to fire (or, rather, catch) an event fired when a button is clicked as shown .
Literally everything at Bojangles is delicious.
It fails like it's the wrong password, and FailedPasswordAttemptCount is incremented in my_aspnet_membership table.
But I have trouble get the selected items.
The problem is not in Django settings, but in the date passed to the model.
I think it depends on how if/how you plan to expand upon your data model.
Tried to get in the door, and the rude people waiting at the door were too snooty to be there.
My only gripes are the limited selection at the bar and I feel the prices for food are very expensive for the portions you receive.
\n\nIn the lawn furniture section, I had a selection of prices colors and styles.
I braced myself for the total in the checkout line and was pleasantly surprised when it wasn't much more than I typically spend at Giant Eagle.
Immediately, a young lady came out and asked if she could help me, then proceeded to knowledgeably guide me to a potted azalea and a potted daisy.
I just wrote a bad review so I want to counter it with a good one.
At this point the application's main form is a Form (WinForm) that contains a vertical sidebar built in WPF.
I have seen most of the ones they have hosted in the past 10 years except for A Day in Pompeii.
The duck was sliced thin and placed in the pancake with onions, scallions and duck sauce.
Ladies, you'll need the knife and fork provided.
Rails Routing ActiveRecord::RecordNotFound Error I added a new controller action and added correspondent route but when I access this page I got this error It looks like rails tries to load another route I am attaching all related routes How to fix this issue?
I am only interested in parsing the content of the , so i'm using the variable, which basically gives me all columns of the tables referenced with the FK.
funky little cafeteria atop a very popular pittsburgh breakfast spot.
As a general rule, pass-by-value for basic types (int, char, etc.), and pass-by-pointer (or better, pass-by-reference) for big data as .
But on my Yelp homepage at the top, it's asking me if I've ever been and if I'd like to review it.
\n\nWhen we (the second group still at the house) tried calling Union, all we got were busy signals being that it's one of Madison's busiest cab nights of the year.
Trigger Disable User I have a problem and question.
Alrighty, I now officially feel sort of bad about my last review on this place, but it was indeed an honest review that was based on my few experiences at the time.
Is my HTTP protocol design correctly implemented in the coding?
I am just not that soulful.
See this example: as shown above, default is 6 digits!
It took me a while to gain an appreciation for it, but now that I have I have been looking for places that can offer a unique beer drinking experience.
Note that I am not using the leaflet angular directive, I am using straight JS for the leaflet map (I know, I know...).
I won't write a serializer for you, as I think it's a bad idea.
they're round, 2 layers, powdered sugar, and you can see the jam in a little cut out circle on the top layer.
\n\nWe always get wonton soup, dumplings, Hunan chicken, garlic chicken, or sa cha chicken.
Basically I have: How on earth?
I noticed that if I make the point labels subviews of the buttons all the animations can play at the same time.
Make a reservation, they're always busy!
On a device it'll work as expected.
A reference will definitely nil out.
I came here with a bunch of Russian language students who go to the University of Pittsburgh, figuring locals and Russian speakers would know the best bars.
When we arrived, the restaurant was packed but we did not have to wait.
The baguette on the side was a nice touch.
A hidden treasure hiding in plain sight!!
Why isn't the copy constructor called twice in the following code?
I mean it when I say everything is delicious.
The tuna roll was also very tasty.
Soooo, the chef sent out my mom's flatbread and 5 minutes later the waitress comes back with another one, a bigger one!
You can delete the files and/or directories prior to publishing like so:
I would totally come back again.
So my open questions: Can I tell run_loop to use a different identifier for resigning DeviceAgent-Runner.app, because I can't use a wildcard certificate (company policy).
I believe these 2 are still in early stage to achieve the goals they claim.
And I really prefer the University location to the Midtown one.
And If you still fail, this can be right Suppose Students is a model from Student table
Please Reset Content and Settings of simulator from top menu and try in again.
edit &mdash; if the "formatDescrip()" function needs access to the original "event" object (whatever those things are that you use to make the list of tags), you can pass it in to "formatDescrip()" instead of the index, and then modify the other function as necessary:
Spag Warehouse is the best value for money in the tri-state area....
But that's all good, the lettuce and tomato was there to kind of open those arteries.\n\nOverall, this place is always busy during lunch time.
if possible, you could convert your table to divs (or possibly lis) then i think you could get around this issue.
The food is all amazing, very fresh and authentic, and I still compare most places I have been to Little Tokyo.
I had this exact problem today, while making a sample project for another SO answer!
Now look at the following, a little variation #3 Now this time since the open statement is out of the lexical scope, the opened the file in non utf-8 mode.
MS Access shared on SharePoint with multiple users and linked tables I have an Access Database (2010) that uses a linked table from a SharePoint (2013) list of names.
they could keep some really good clients.
Also so awesome is the fact they have all your favorite music videos on while they play the songs, so in case you don't really know quite how to Push it real good, you can cheat and look.
Right now I have to set a filter on a table, as we use rich faces, I wanted to use the filter as in the example from exadel .
Yes, it doesn't matter how many 's you'll add, because they are always the same object, which is object.
When calling JTable::getInstance you must pass $type as an argument.
Something like this: When Angularjs converts the object to JSON (for example, when sending it over $ it converts the date to a string such as: I would like to have a timestamp instead of this string.
Odds are that there will be at least half a dozen other poochies looking to mingle just like their owners.
The data you get back is clearly not a UTF-8 string containing JSON.
The food you're getting here isn't pushing any envelopes but it absolutely is the best bar food in Pittsburgh.
The house system was playing classic rock, which is totally inappropriate and out of place for such a nice establishment.
is delegated to the "look and feel", this determines the size using the font metrics of the font, the size and the text.
The hae mul pah jun is yummy, the dol sol bibimbap is good, but the soon du bu jige is the best.
My code also shows the 2 obj pointers have the same memory address?
They also don't have beer/wine which would have been nice.
\n\nI was craving a burger but I had been told that I should have brisket while in Charlotte.
I am trying to use some arguments for an Instrumentation test.
The bread is perfectly toasted on the outside, and soft on the inside.
The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather.
The place was definitely running a wait by 6:30pm so, again, head out early/late!\n\nThe Mister and I headed here at 6pm on a Saturday and were able to snag the last open table in the place.
The wine list is extensive and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.
I was actually pleasantly surprise by my visit to the Cherry House.
Since I moved up here, I've eaten at just about every hole-in-the-wall Chinese takeout and \""Asian bistro\"" around.
What type of messages (relay / brokered) should I use?
How do you extend a class with a jQuery wrapped set?
initialize the jlabels and textareas before ing them
You and nmaier already named the workarounds known so far, which are Firebug menu > Options > Reset All Firebug Options or deleting the breakpoints.json file manually from the profile folder followed by a browser restart.
Select the permissions you would like to set for the file.
This question is similar to this one: However, while I've fixed the 'buttons appear clicked' when dragging issue, I can't seem to make it work like a ScrollView does, by having the buttons work as part of the dragging area.
\n\nMan, do I feel silly that I wasted so much time and money at other salons!
I love it when people get as excited about food as me.
\nThe second time I visited Browne's I was attended by a different person, and my experience was the total opposite from the previous one.
Depending on the tea, for about 2 oz of loose leaf teas or coffee, you are looking at a minimum of $1 and some change!
so I thought maybe possible to modify something in the j_security_check process to ok the empty path.
If there is a line for the computers they only give you an hour to be online, but this is usually not a problem.
I have debugged thrift and a function declared in /usr/include/x86_64-linux-gnu/sys/socket.h returns value other than zero and next an exception is thrown.
The one thing I really have to applaud about the Benedum is that the seats are all pretty good.
Then, you determine how close the rest of the data are to each of these points.
We've taken our cars here several times and have never received anything but quality service.
I tried add code in file of the same page but fail.
But you can walk to the Strip district, the Warhol Museum, and the stadium.
Generalizing a little to handle an arbitrary number of sentences, we can align your vectors by creating a list of all the words and then iterating over the counts in that order:
My boyfriend ordered the Classic Spicy Eel and Spicy Yellowtail rolls.
\n\nI thought the service was good..
Just new to SQL stuff, please let me know if im on the right track.
Should I try uninstalling the gems and reinstalling them?
The reason for the try-except thing is that the dataset you're probably using is not complete and contains some NANs (?).
But the receiver gets a ?
However, when I call this in , it returns false .
We've been coming to Imperial Garden since 1997.
part3 wil go till line 12 and include at the end, and so on.
show server time using php and jquery ajax I was trying to show the date and time of server using php and jquery ajax.
You could also just run a single Virtual Machine running a server (again, nginx, IIS+ARR, etc.) which then routes traffic to one of several app-server Virtual Machines (accessed via direct communication between load-balancer Virtual Machine and app server Virtual Machine).
The taste is not bad but they need to add more variety to their menu.\n\nUpdate: I retract my last statement.
for the first slide, the first pager in each div will show as active.
I live in the Banksville area and have been searching for a decent place for Chinese takeout for years.
So I have made so headway.
When the users mouse is over the continent - the EXACT shape of the continent that is - I want it to change colour.
Richard suggested that I have that as a side.
Service is really spot on and the price is right.
What options do I have for URL redirection in the backend on a drupal and apache server
My burger was great, too and so was the salad.
Here you have an tutorial so you can have a better idea in how to use Objects in JScript, I am a bit rusty in JScripts so I read that tutorial last week, and it helped me a lot.
If you are using a 11G R2, you could use listagg function.
Check this out: This is what I did: Add the following information at the end of the dependency section in ./core/pom.xml: and add these in at the end of the dependency section in ./pom.xml: Register cpuGaugeSet in org/apache/spark/metrics/source/JvmSource.scala Build spark again.
In includes another jsp pages as a part of it shown below.
Practice area was basic but nice.
Prediction will be: Ordinal encoding for color: In this case all colors will have 1 common theta but my assigned multipliers (10, 20, 30) differ: In my model White &lt; Red &lt; Black in prices.
If you get laid over, its not such a bad place to wind up.\n\n\nOh FREE wifi too.
Other than him, the staff seems great, and I'm happy to give them my business.
Something like Then all I would need to do to defer execution of the above javascript would be to wrap it in a This would work, but does not exactly seem like the way to go.
This place has saved me from dry nights on numerous occasions.
Under System>Transactional Emails, you can modify the Newsletter Subscription Success message including subject, and then assign your modified email in System>Configuration>Customers>Newsletter>Success Email Template from the drop-down
Still, that amount of data is far too big to handle by JavaScript, as stated above.
The element can contain any inline element , so you can apply virtually whatever formatting you'd like.
Great place for a pre-dinner or post-dinner glass of wine.
To correctly locate the element with an ID selector, you need to escape the dot: You can also use an attribute selector instead so you don't have to escape anything:
\n\nThe first quenching sip of that half-price RASPBERRY COSMO and I was sold!
$5.05 plus tax for a killer steak pita dripping with mayo and dressing plus a bunch of good fries?
I am beginner so I got multiple error in order to achieve this.
An example scenario is a bouncy ball that can be picked up and thrown around.
if you want to see how the structure could happen over and over again, you could just add the sectioned off divs like in this fiddle:
I had 2 eggs over medium with bacon, hashbrowns, and toast.
AIR addition to the actionscript 3 language that provide ways to control features from windows, mac, and linux.
Had the French Dip which was loaded and very good.
This check might return or in random ways (depending if the uninitialized is by chance).
For reference, I grew up in the Chicagoland area.
There are plenty of lanes and over a month of going there I haven't had to share a lane once but even if one did have to share, they are generous lanes with good marking on the flooring.
NOTE: You can have the open/close display in any column you'd like.
Does anyone know any way to do this?
One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte.
If the editor is in an iframe, you need to target the window: You should also make sure that the editor accept script tags (not all editors do).
Anyone know how i can achieve this ?
But I got this warning: 'while' statement cannot complete without throwing an exception.
\n\nHowever, if you feel like splurging and having dessert, they have a delectable assortment of cakes and pies that look like the ones grandma used to make.
\n\n(By the way, as a side-note to the people, on Yelp and elsewhere, who whine about how a restaurant with the word \""Oyster\"" in its name should focus on gourmet oysters and not fish sandwiches: Jesus, grow up.
Usually have eggs/bacon/muffin or toast but today splurged on French toast.
I was able to get extra towels when we asked for them Parking does suck as the other review stated.
As one sees, I make a list of string lists, where there always is at least one last (empty) string list.
Inside there was black forest ham, which gave it an extra touch of it and it oozed out Swiss cheese.\n\nOther dishes were pork tenderloin and pan fried ham of pork topped with an egg.
Not just auntie annes, and cinnabon.
\n\nSo I've been to Monty's twice, both times late morning, and was seated and served quickly.
Every time.\nThey recently expanded their hours, and are now open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
\n\nHaving flown for so many years, I felt like we were getting away with a crime.
I also found a stray and they took great care of her as well.
Folders from 2012 are 28 character ids.
I'm not sure if I understand your problem correctly, but please check if solution mentioned in suits your needs.
The beer cheese is some of the best we ever tasted AND we recently went to Germany!
RIA Services metadata for entities in different class In my project, I have the following: - A class library that contains a Linq2SQL datacontext.
The OLE DB Source is where the data will come from while the OLE DB Destination provides the insert power.
The wait staff rushed to our side bringing him a glass of seltzer water and me a new glass of wine (I later found out at no charge).
This is the account that TeamCity uses to create the release in Octo.exe.
The source code to my iPhone application Molecules is available, and for now it uses SQLite as a data store (that will be changing to Core Data soon).
Other exhibits included 1700-1800 oil paintings, Jacob Lawrence: Toussaint L'Ouverture Series, Fasioning Traditions of Japan, Counterpoints / Moshekwa Langa: Mogalakwena, Encounters: The Arts of Africa.
This is a common issue when beginning C programming.
It's not hard to deal with them if you don't disclose where you're from and stick to the menu items or make a positive comment about Jordy Nelson being an awesome rising star on the team.\n\nThe fish arrived in a few minutes and it came with a side of fries that were seasoned and coated - quite tasty in fact.
or for getting the sdk version which will return
They offer courtesy coffee while you wait, which is an added plus.
I knew from the smell outside of the building that it was gonna be fantastic eats.
You'll need to first before calling to find components in your content view hierarchy.
Can someone please elaborate on it, thanks.
Thankfully my baby slept through our entire dinner despite how loud the place is.
!?)., after a stop at The Home Depot located in the same shopping center, across from Carolina Place Mall, I thought I would check out Best Buy and see if they had what I needed.\n\nI am typically an amazon girl, and I avoid going places to shop if at all possible (even though my job is the design of big box retailers).
java.sql.SQLException: Already closed error with IBatis 2.3.4 I am seeing a strange behavior in the code.
Mistakenly, they brought wings and I immediately alerted the waitress.
Stayed here while in Charlotte for my conference and it was very nice, one thing I love about staying at Residence Inn's is the nightly reception with wine, beer and snacks.
There is a choice of indoor or outdoor seating.
Well, that's easy, let's open yelp and find something within a reasonable walking distance.\n\nThis place pops up as one of the best within a walking distance.
For IsTrue, the message will be something like "Expected true but was false." For GreaterOrEqual, the message will be something like "Expected 1 or greater, but was -15." GreaterOrEqual provides more info in that you will see the actual value, which is more useful when debugging failures.
They truly love animals here and are willing to work with you if you have payment issues as well.
Today I've got the similar problems (my game is restarted after admob Interstitial Ad shows).
You just need thousands upon thousands of lines of macro definitions to cover a useful set of cases beyond the trivial ones like this.
OKAY!\n\nWe get to the parking lot at 6:30pm and it is packed!!!!!
Files are in the same local disk.
And I do know they were goood.
I have had issues with other octopus locations before, but this one seems like a good spot.
Since during a restore (of a consumable item) the is always set to , the property will always be nil.
get user's name and pic from id - graph API iOS I am developing a game which is saving opponents ID.
I've driven past it thousands of times but went there yesterday on a recommendation from a friend of mine who knows his BBQ.
Adding multiple UIButtons to an UIView I've added some buttons to an UIView (via addSubview) programmatically.
I know how to do the concatenation.
Located right on the river, the balcony views from the upper tiers of the center are pretty fantastic.
Code Ok, I've re-ordered the code to make it a bit more readable...
I don't think this is impossible since CellRendererCombo and CellRendererToggle seems to render a Widget.
I've always hated the entrance to the hotel but again, this is where the wonderful staff make this hotel with a strange entrance a great experience.
We will be back, and back often.
In an attempt to find a solution, I've installed the development version of data.table, so I am currently running data.table v1.9.7, under R v3.2.2, running on Ubuntu 15.10.
Layer detects touch, checks if touch was on "button" sprite, executesutton block or selector.
My sister ordered the Strawberries and Cream.
Your task would be less challenging with actual Date/Time fields.
\n\nIt 'seems' parents are often content to sit and let their kids scream at the top of their lungs.
So instead of using you then would use
With every new signature new bytes are added.
had the special (Walleye sandwich) which he enjoyed while I had the Seitan Philly ($8.95), also tasty.
There's an upstairs and a large patio with games and such.
This is the only restaurant I had the chance to visit when I was in Charlotte last weekend and I was not disappointed.
Instead of any parent element can be used to delegate the event.
You are trying to use a Python console to update your conda distribution when you have to update it from your local console.
A while back I thought I could do this with a simple NSLog(@"the actual selected hat was %d", [obj.idValue intValue]); But this doesn't appear to work (any idea how I can pull the actual int value directly from the variable?).
Jay works wonders and he has given me the best platinum blonde 'do ever.
If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.
Will definitely be back to try the brisket before I head back east.
You could disable rich-text features of the editor so that HTML tags and characters don't get added to the content.
The value was chosen due to performance limitations and will be drastically bumped up (to 100) in version 1.2 of Kubernetes, which is scheduled for release in March.
This place is great for browsing DIY-ers and people who just love to roam hardware stores, like me.
The beans are amazing - I ran into a some great flavors.
Actually, everything we ate was very good.
Their hours are kinda funky, so check before you head over.
As our summer Saturday dining trek continues this is the epitome of what we want.
Tangy, sweet, and made with high quality chicken.
You can only go as far as ...
Waffle is drop in solution that can be used with springsecurity to achieve this: I've used it myself with for example hybris.
Combo options for about $6 include fries and soda drinks.
The garlic nan had lots of garlic on it but little garlic taste.
I chose the veggie burger without the bun and, dare I admit this?
We can do this with the $document.ready event in jquery.
Overall they handled the rain situation smoothly so they get kudo's for that!
\n\nSo, while I don't know that I'd trust Union as my chariot on a big day where I needed to be somewhere in a timely manner (ala the airport), they were plenty fine for a casual booze-bender and the amenities (no puke stains or pee smells) made the ride a pretty enjoyable one.
or with counter But it all depends on what you really need..
Now I am conflicted.\nMoving on...\nI'm not sure if they still have them, but at one point I got some great plantain strips that I think are made locally.
When I try to install the App from MarKet Place, I receive a error we tried sending a download request to your phone but we did not reeive a response.
We received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.Waitress could have smiled more but was friendly.
Our tables started with the fried oyster appetizer, and it was a hit: emarkably light for a fried dish, it was like eating little oyster clouds.
Using MPI_Derived type: I create an MPI_Derived type for state array, using an MPI_Type for 128 bits.
This place makes me feel right at home.
\nThey know how to cook my favorite comfort food: Pad Thai and Pad See Eww perfectly.
After a fiasco with another car company, I showed up with tears in my eyes at the Enterprise counter.
We ordered:\n\n - Chicken wings with Sesame Szechuan sauce (you can get them with any stir fry sauce choice)\n- Hot and sour soup\n- Thai spring rolls\n- Sesame chicken\n- Sweet and sour chicken.
If teasers will have different heights, add height to teaser function.
i have installed the mpich (on centOS 7) to compile the ED model with Gfortran compiler.
REMARK: input: GOLDRED , match: GOLD RED,GOLD-RED,GOLD/RED.....
The answer is no, you can't.
\n\nWith all that food it's hard to believe I had room for dessert.
Most of the guides online have the wrong (for 64 bit) paths.
It should output a melody (.wav) at different moments of time.
Its located right off 77 in Fort Mill.
Whether I'm in Atlanta, D.C., or Charlotte, their steaks are always cooked to perfection, their service always world class, and their wine selection second-to-none.\n\nMy wife and I recently dined at the Charlotte location during the Queen's Feast Restaurant Week, and for the absurdly low price of $30 a person, each enjoyed a delicious 8-oz filet, two sides and a dessert.
Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely.
Let's say n is the number of genres.
you need to change this to (or)
android app data not appearing on parse dashboard I'm trying to make a new social app.
Some of my favorite shops are Anthropologie & Pottery Barn Kids.
Now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of July 2012 managed by burgh bees of Pittsburgh
or: but it would be much simpler/quick to do this:
The ingredients in nuoc cham are generally the same, but the proportions vary based on personal tastes and regions in Vietnam.
If not for the lack of ambiance and the somewhat feckless service, no problem assigning this place 5 stars.
If I put a png that has transparent regions on another image and set the opacity of that png to 50% the parts that where transparent become white (with 50% opacity).
Then you can use File.WriteAllBytes() method to write it out to a file.
I know they have other cocktails here, but I can't order them at a beer place.
make history and queue tables ?
I scraped a webpage for HTML tables.
An airport on the smaller side.
The food was decent each time, but nothing really standout.
I know, a lot of people are all about Tram's rolls, but I like mine with lots of Thai basil, and you can barely taste it in theirs.
Replace all the with and you should be fine (because = is used for assignment, while == is used to test for equality, which seems to be what you want to do)
Using OAuth 2.0 for Devices - Google API - Google Drive I took a look in some docs at developers.google and some questions here in stackoverflow and I really would like to found an objective answer about use the Google OAuth Server to authenticate an application and grant access to download docs into a Google Drive account with NO BROWSER interaction.
Brian{Syvrud} was patient, available, creative, professional...
I have followed friends advice, magazine reviews, etc., etc.
But when I run the program in netbeans it shows error in the execution area, but no cipher text and decrypted data is produced.
a storyboard) and then click the Localize button.
Remove from it each that has finished processing.
I would like though to animate the div open or closed on click.
We grabbed a seat at the semi-circular bar; the fella ordered his usual dirty martini with Tito's Vodka, and I had a specialty cocktail that I can't remember the name of, but it was like a gin and tonic with cucumber, which made it even more refreshing.
This is your classic cocktail place with a staff that knows what that means.
In this example I have removed all but the AJAX/script handler.
I want to see posters of thick eyebrowed women holding up kronos gyros.
Btw, this is through Xcode, Objective-C, and iOS.
When her lips broke free from his, all the noise and clarity rushed back upon us in a crash.
The sauce reminds me of Kiddyland Pizza at Kennywood, or it has the feel of Della Sala's Pizza (Verona).
It was walking distance to many restaurants and pretty much in the middle of everything.
We were greeted almost immediately on entering and I ordered a plain slice.
like Game 7 of the Stanley Cup.
If you dont see the device in the Devices lists: First, you need to make sure USB debugging is enabled on your device.
Use a single mod_rewrite rule to rewrite the URL as you initially suggested.
and the money you spend will be relative to that treatment.
I find the Pittsburgh Saks to be friendlier than Saks in many other cities.\n\nIt's always a joy to talk to the people working at the perfume counter.
Not to be noted, I don't like to shop, but WINDOW SHOPPING as I walk to my gate is not all that bad.
We ordered the banana springroll for desert - also tasty.
Super-delicious.\n\nThey usually only have doughnuts until about 8 in the morning and they are SO DELICIOUS!
However, how do I skip posicion[res] so that I can call void MenordeN again to find the second smallest number?
I tried the potato soup, which was pretty tasty although a little bland.
The atmosphere is a little dark for lunch time but over all it was a good experience.The service was also great.
There's no ordering in a set, so no pagination.
If I had realized how small DT Pittsburgh was I probably wouldve shopped around a little bit to save some $$$.
\n\nOverall a great experience and for $20-$25/person average, so much food...can you say leftovers!
By printing , it seems that the temporary file was saved at C:\xampp\tmp\phpABCD.tmp.
Everything has great flavor, is hot and fresh.
Glad they had an happy hour.
How to create email form PHP (HTML5) I'm a little bit new with with php and i just want to ask how can i make the the "Send Message" button send the inputted information on the form i created to my email.
So, you could assign a boolean value ("hidden") for each product: Then, wherever you're initializing your products, add: You could also store all of the
Here's Clojure's doc: Is there some (semi-) standard way to do this in Emacs lisp?
The service was fast and the food was great.
Now my problem is that how to execute it I don't know the exact code how to do this.
Then won't receive an empty string as its first argument, it won't get any arguments at all.
However you need this very rarely.
Best fried pork chop I've ever had.
I'm assuming it's an issue with the resource requirements of the Where statement (the table has ~1M records).
Guava Caches store values in RAM.
I have been to this location at least 50 times, usually before or after Checkers games.
All true!\n\nTucked into the Hearst building, the restaurant can be a bit hard to find - its entrance is sublte, as is its patios area.
Upon entry and departure, I enjoyed reading the quotes on the pillars.
Got to eat here for free so have no idea how much the food costs.
It was good accompanied with a salad..
The front desk staff is always so nice.
Yum!\n\nJust as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered.
I was looking at the video cards installed on different PCs, but they all have Intel(R) HD Graphics.
I am trying to build a Perl module for distribution.
It's a complicated topic, and one well-worth investing your time as a developer learning.
Even though it was a bit pricier than I was expecting (my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $6.95.
Give the cube a where it sets the .
A hex dump for Android, should be suitable for other platforms as well.
I actually don't want the border to span for the entire row.
It takes an argument called "line", whose type is inferred by the usage (because returns an IEnumerable of Strings, is of type String).
A small is available as most Americans I bring here are unable to finish a bowl.\n\nSpring rolls are great (cold/fresh) with a peanut dipping sauce.
It feels a bit like stepping back in time.
So, instead, the code would look like this:
there is mistake in your json: responseB first object has a response object and second object has response array .
But it was totally worth it.
Now I want to select the multiple values from both the tables for a particular subcategory and need to both table minimum matching value.
NLP Tools LingPipe - (not technically 'open-source, see below) Alias-I's Lingpipe is a suite of java tools for linguistic processing of text including entity extraction, speech tagging (pos) , clustering, classification, etc...
And if we're lucky enough to go on a Wednesday evening, we can combine the half-price apps with half-price martinis.
However, at The Original Pancake House they put tons of chocolate chips both inside the pancakes and on top of the whipped cream that's on the pancakes.
My quick bite of pizza took over two hours from finding a parking space, standing in line to order, waiting for my pizza to be made, getting a table with said pizza (there is very limited seating for eating in), eating and finally wriggling past the other waiting people to get out to search for the car.
Definitely worth your time to come here, I had a blast searching for stuff.\n\nAlso, in the same parking lot there is an OUTLET GOODWILL where you can clothes/purses/shoes/toys for $1.39 per pound and all household items are 50% off their ticketed price.
I've been playing for hours but I don't know the best way to go about it.
Simply rename the file accordingly and it should run happily.
The resulting score from tic-tac-toe is -10,0, or 10 only once you've looked to the end of the game.
The beef was a little dry.
I know it better as our Saturday go-to place for BENTO BOXES.
You don't need to call DataBind though, that's only for a GridView on the web.
As such, you are ultimately specifying a matrix.
As long as you order everything online, they will deliver it all for that one fee...even if they have to make multiple trips.
Right banner margin CSS On the site: ukrainiansecret.com I would like to get rid of that green right margin of the banner, and to have it exactly as the left side.
After the food arrived it took me two seconds to realize that the tofu was the best I'd ever tasted.
This could be accomplished with a one-line PowerShell command:
Alternatively, the pip tool will let people install your application from a remote URL directly.
Lebanese food and donuts....a winning combination, in my book.
The huge beer selection means there is something for everyone.
I am worries that this could really be a dumb question but help would allow me to have a strong foundation.
How do you hide an expanded tableviews label when it is expanded?
If yes, review your code to narrow down to what's required.
I definitely liked the ambiance of this space a lot.
Great little market that manages to carry most everything.
No restart is required, hence the reference to "hot".
Probably just missed the church crowd so it wasn't too busy either.
jQuery Collapsible Panel ASP.Net, 2.0 VS2005, .Net 2.0 jQuery 1.8.3, jQuery UI 1.9.2 I have two panels (more will come later on) on my form that can be open or closed at the users request.
Not our first visit and not our last.
The flatMap method of the Success is implemented like this: I kinda understand what this method is doing, it helps us to avoid writing a lot of catching code.
However, I get an error when I run the above code: Note: I also tried the above using (with the dot star solely because the author of the aforementioned book did) with no luck.
However if I set (or create an ItemTemplate, binding 'MyStupid' directly to a TextBlock in the template), I get 3 empty rows instead, when I expected it to say .
iOS xcdatamodel newly added attribute has quotation mark I just migrated my new data model and added a new attribute called "author_mail".However I discover at when I output my records: I set the author_mail to string type but I don't think the author_mail should wrap with quotation mark.
I'll then make sure there is plenty of home fries and get a side of the corned beef hash.
If I try to call it is throwing error.
This suggests you're trying to access your resources too early, for example when initializing your member variables.
The parenthesized grouping allows us to extra just the extension without the period which accomplishes the result you outlined.
So: ...and then if you want to factor, well, apply .
The decor is brick with lounge couches upstairs, welcoming you to grab a martini and have a seat while searching eyes as people go by.\n\nI can't say this is a south side meat market vibe but the young are here to mix and meet.
I asked for something really hot, and I actually got it.
Use the default behaviour or do nothing.
Then, of course, you wire it all together: And that should do the trick.
Alternatively you can make this code a named function and type its name in the OnClientClick property.
\n\nWe only stayed at this Marriott for a night.
It was here where my love for craft beer began.
\n\nAlso, the music they play in the main weight room sounds like the Disney Channel and Taylor Swift had an illegitimate child after many nights of sordid rendezvous.
I tried to reinstall the programs but it did not help, but when i installed codeblocks sometimes it wrote, it has some environment problems, but i could not find out what.
Overriding the method gives you full control of the method, whereas the event handler only runs after the method has executed.
we have extracted: but to open same message using POP3 I need to know it's POP3 uid, or number.
Omelets made to order, lox and mini bagels, fresh fruit, trough of well done, really quality bacon as previously mentioned.
I use to think about a reference as an alias for another object.
Is this really a reasonable solution??
I am facing an issue like I have 256 workers(threads) to complete my work but once a thread complete their work they become zombie and didn't do any work just wait for all the threads to complete then after all cycle start all over.
\nOne advice I would give to people who are considering of joining is that you don't have to get the most exclusive membership like gold cove, if you are only going to work out on the machines.
Python web service for a java application?
I found it odd that a waitress was allowed to work wearing flip flops, though.
Apparently, they had forgotten about us, but we were seated quickly after the mistake was realized.
Perhaps search the XML file for as well.
Hi I have a ComboBox with show 2 values name and code I want that when I press the drop down in the ComboBox show the 2 values but when I select from the drop down I want the code only return to combo box then the name return in other TextBox.
You can use a cte for that: However, you since already have an id column that seems to have the values you are asking for, you can simply do this:
For example, allow queries such as "give me the all the entries that in file A that have a column value K that does not appear in any column K of file B".
Is this the one you expecting?
I would love to buy a tub of that salsa.
however I'm trying to deduce whether or not there is something interfering with the response in between the client an server.
Update: This problem gets solved if I am using int in my server-model.
Love love the jerk chicken and collard greens.
In addition to sweet treats like donuts and bear claws, they also have lunch and dinner options for cheap.
If it picks a connection closed by my firewall, the login will fail.
Sandwiches about $7-$9 and the lunch entrees about $10 to $11.
Please take consideration to the significance to this persons affect on every customers experience and is exreamly important in creating a premier dinning experience.
Very easy to drink (maybe a little too easy).
It produces are "More >" link.
\n\nThe sushi is spectacular and there is high attention to detail.
You can't control those and it's not necessary.
This is how I remove them: all the views which are animated are subviews of the same UIView.
I created the form and linked the action to the location of the login page.
If you come too late during the evenings for dinner the food options are less then what's on the menu.
Should Core Data Stack inherit from NSObject and why?
But when i try to change the tag to and changed the constraints to video constraints .
We had ice cream here not long ago.
Ajax POST multiple forms with multiple PHP destinations I have a page with two forms and each form uses a different PHP page for its post.
Not everything is healthy, but there definitely are options.
She excelled at being cautious with my mother, honest, and quite capable.
For $30 total, they give you excellent pedicure with hot stones.
All my attempts have failed so far..
The lively energy of this place was incontestable.
I have this static drop down menu : HTML code: I want to make a dynamic dropdown menu.
For vegetarian food in Pgh this place is hard to beat.
This function will be called when the server you are calling returns a response.
Each item containing a single word and a path to a file.
Which is great and all, but more scone please!\n\nThe last tier was the desserts.
The butter chicken is the best in Charlotte.
Charles and Diane are the best!!!
Chico-the owner is usually cooking, it's a small kitchen, so be prepared to wait, but it's worth it.
That said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.\n\nThey have warm cookies for $2.00.
Try the white pizza, you won't be disappointed.
A solution would be to create for each row a single table, but the format would be really ugly.
This is a matter of determining a ratio between the area of the convex hull containing the shape and the area of its bounding box; the ratio 0.7 works fine for these examples.
I figure I'd get a late night burger and I wasn't disappointed.
Our waitress was definitely a good host.
Method that returns DataReader -- will it cause resource leaks?
I grew up in the Chicago area and everything here is just like I remember it.
And also addtional info will be that the two application is on the same local network(Ad hoc).
It can handle multiple upload and of course its do ajax upload too.
Try this: Obviously you need to replace the server, User ID and Password.
Hubby and I like to hang out in Charlotte on the weekends, and this is definately a great hotel.
Before even trying to open big dumps remember to increase the tool's heap size by modifying the and adding/modifying the line Adjust this number to your needs.
Are there any way to connect to SFTP only for download, upload and viewing directory lists?
Dilly, lemony, a bit sour, stuffed with rice...I love these things here.
Many of the answers have mentioned using a static readonly lock.
Simple MySQL/AJAX Search Box question I am making a simple search box on my web site.
The staff knows firearms and won't BS you.
Are there any other ways to get the actual PL/SQL code from the package body?
Ally took the time to discuss my the color of my highlights and make sure that I was comfortable with everything before she started (I have only had highlights done once before and they were bad).
data will contain a result string returned by create.php and that is entirely up to you.
forum Nokia has good examples of this for the MMAPI.
Except possibly using some attributes that could later be picked up?
Best Features:\nExtremely nice and helpful staff.
You need to provide full path to the .trx file.
If I actually require a jade file within entry.js, I get a different error: However, if I comment out the jade loader line in and require the jade file with the inline syntax -- everything works okay.
It is my own fault for not following up with the staff to ascertain how to access the other sections of the parking lot, so I won' t hold that against the hotel.
You can create a form around the delete button.
This is what I've got: Any ideas?
There are many locations in the Burgh.
I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.
which has a we can make RightToLeft string left-alignment by setting 's to .
Just click it and then click Default to make Eclipse open HTML files using the HTML editor.
NTLK - The natural language toolkit is a tool for teaching and researching classification, clustering, speech tagging and parsing, and more.
\n\nAfter 3 weeks in small towns, I feel like I'm in heaven.
It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.
No wonder everyone was ordering smaller lattes that day - the warmth of this airport already had them feeling cozy :)
My plan of attack is: Process the file word by word Pass each word to the hunspell spellchecker ("echo the-word | hunspell -l" produces no response at all if it is valid, and a response if it is bad) If it is a bad word, AND it has uppercase Is in it, then replace these with lowercase l and try again.
Something like this: I don't want any error callback if the condition isn't passed.
The article linked at the beginning of my response goes into great detail on this topic.
\""Is it as good as Mama Schuele's home cooking?\""\nThe answer is never \""Yes\"", but the Waldhorn is as close as I have ever come to that.\n\nWe come for the Sunday Brunch, which offers a great selection of breakfast foods along with many German favorites.
Hands down my favorite burrito in the greater Pittsburgh region.
Introduce new concepts slowly and you should be fine.
I see you're using non-greedy matches which can help, but it can still be an issue if you are not careful -- especially if you have very long and complex regular expressions.
There is also a workout area and climbing training area.
I need to populate a JSON object using mustache.
And you might throw yourself into an infinite loop.
Mapping them back on to the nested list will be more work than in .
(I have to programm the Bluetooth device too and it's not finished jet)
I like the fact that I started my UFO club membership in Raleigh and will probably finish it here in Charlotte.
However, if you insert dashes between the year, month, and day segments, Access can recognize the text string as a date.
Went back to the Waldhorn this past Sunday for brunch and had a great visit.
Since in my CSS, I declared that the transition should take .5 seconds, the new background is already there before the old one is removed: Note: The code that I've provided would require you to chain multiple if/else if statements together, there is probably a more efficient way to go about this.
We had a dinner reservation for 19 people on one of the busiest weekends of the year.
If you want to do this then write your own code for it - it should be pretty straightforward.
Any free cycle left can sometimes be used to complete the interrupted tasks, or the task is deemed to have failed.
(I think it's a rotten idea.) In my opinion, static members should not be mixed into a class with a non-static purpose, and the issue you raise here is part of the reason why it's important not to mix them.
If you've never been to the Original House of Pancakes, you don't know what you're missing!
JavaScript events fire synchronously — that is, in series with the browser’s own handling of the web page.
As the rendering take times, I display in my listview the original bmp and it's replace by the filtered image once done Here is how the activity do it.
There is nothing like a classic ice cream parlor setting to take you back and provide its own unique experience.
I took some customers to Capital Grille this week.
I think you have started multiple thread on the same object you should use synchronized block to run thread-safe code, After Updating Source Code Yeah!
Which gives this regex : If you're speaking of HTML4 (don't see why but well) then I guess it's a duplicate.
It just happens that it is nearly always implemented over HTTP.
Our party had 8 peeps in it so we got 3 different cheeses, cooking styles and chocolates.
which we needed more of the dipping fruits etc because 2 pieces of each was not enough!\n\nthis is a nice strange of pace for a night out.
If this is the case you have to set the navigation visibility property of the frame control to hidden.
(You can write a binary literal with an odd number of digits, for example , but then it means the same things as .) As you copy a value that has 43679 digits, it's not a correct value from the database.
Bagel Factory churns out delicious perfections of bakery like no one's business and we were told that the Penguins get their bagels from here too so we know we are in the right place.
They also sell some cooking utensils and other helpful things like Yerba Mate gourds and straws (bombia?) of which I was having trouble finding replacements.
Not the healthiest thing to eat on the road but it is tasty.
The difference is exactly the top bar hight.
In a Terminal window type and you'll get a description of the command and the arguments it takes.
I originally coded this plugin in PDO and then realized wordpress doesn't support that.
2) the seating is limited and the tables are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversations.
how to make instance variables updating in callback to happen in main thread?
Also love that the patio is in the shade all afternoon/evening.
The only thing I didn't like was the coleslaw; it wasn't very good but the bread they served on the side was really good.
It is nothing that would deter me bc as I said, facility is impressive.
While this does not guarantee to catch all errors, it usually catches attempts to use invalid, non-matching function signatures.
But i dont know how to call from the mainactivity to that service to particular onLocationChanged .
Edit: How to get the last pair The last key-value pair is not terminated by the character, so you have to check for the last pair after the loop.
Is there a way, to increase this value?
I am not aware of an API or utility that does this.
It's not TexMex and its not a taco shop its a Mexican restaurant.
They now have some Rogue ales, which are fantastic.
The method is defined in .
They have made me aware of things that will need repair or recommended services, but there's no pressure to fix it immediately.
Not a bad seat in the place.
Now I want to do insert into the [Fruit] table, something like the following.
The advantage is, it's not limited to structure only and can compare values if you wish: which will output something like:
Heck, I have friends who would disagree.
Sending email directly from my OSX app I'm working on an OSX app which will handle an opt-in mailing list.
It was my first time and I was very impressed.
I can see how commuter fliers (or those running late) might not appreciate the sprawl, though.\n\nFree Wifi took 60 seconds to connect to.
for example an input is acceptable, but (7 chars) is not.
\n\nSo when my dad was planning a visit to see me from Virginia and said he was taking the train I thought that's old school...but very cool!
When Maintenance comes I get warning, if there's a hazard or problem it gets fixed fast and usually at my choice of day and time, and the OUTSIDE is gorgeous.
The inside looks a lot like a typical American Diner, which was a bit weird, but I don't care much for decor if the food is good.\n\nThe menu was a standard and basic Mexican food menu.
The fact that it doesn't comply with the intended UML usage doesn't matter - as long as you find it useful.
However, the game crashes on the postInit method.
Nothing special or fancy, but the meat was well cooked (and cooked right which isn't always the case).
Say I want to expand all the way to December 2017 by clicking on a task, and changing the date from there.
:) this place doesnt take credit cards but inside they have an atm..
Hey, this is a place for kids, so there are way too many American snack foods and candies there, but at least they recycle most of their trash and garbage...\n\nBe sure to get there and plan to spend most of the day, if you have kids who like nature and science.
They cause all kinds of problems, and hard-to-predict code.
When we heard they were putting in a cafe, I knew it would be good.\n\nGyros, baked flat breads, pizzas, burgers, and all kinds of Mediterranean fare do not disappoint.
Also, your call is pointless because already returns an .
Trying to get onLocationChanged from a service?
The meat was cook just perfect with a flavor glaze that is so good.
The food quality and care seems to be very high.
You have this part already (at the end of your best move code), but it needs to be evaluated inside the recursion instead of just at the end.
However, I cannot change this particular object to a ConcurrentDictionary without taking a major performance hit downstream.
They now have 2 cornhole setups, a ping pong table and outdoor flatscreen TV's, not to mention more patio tables and more standing room.
Read some reviews and decided to try them out.
I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!
The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected.
Do not recommend the chicken and dumplins.
I have simplified the table shown in my example code in order to make it easier, the table i will be using live will have a lot of rows with more complicated data etc.
I'm using Microsoft's Debug Interface Access SDK and getting E_PDB_INVALID_SIG when passing in the GUID i expect when trying to load the PDB.
I'm not 100% sure if the function behaves differently or not in child themes and parent themes.
I am trying to select the max value of the column out of the three , and this, FOREACH .
What is the solution to this simple task?
I am thrilled to death that this place exists.
Not unexpected based on the location.
This will be the only salon I use for for mani, pedi and waxing.
OK using instead of and or instead of works!
My dream weekend starts with waking up and taking a nice long walk, stopping for coffee then heading on to WF to pick up Eggs Rancheros Burritos and Sausage patties from the breakfast bar.
by only retaining the public interface and changing the private interface (on this case compilation needs to be directed at the different declarations, e.g.
Like others have mentioned, this is a major hub for US Airway -- so nearly all the planes you'll see are US Air.\n\nI've connected through here many, many times and Charlotte has never been my final destination.
How to get current location Latitude Longitude in android Possible Duplicate: I need a straight forward code which only find the Latitude and Longitude.
But, if I have to do it, I have to change all my code from PHP to NodeJS which is not a good option.
Sure, it saves some electricity (and saves the hotel some money too, I'll bet), but that means you come back to a hot room every time.
I just don't think that they would find the antipasto table or creative menu options appealing.
I need to capture that RBT?
\n\nThey have tons of great ready to eat meals as well, I can see me returning for a salad or wrap in the very near future!
(Although not as memorable as the pad thai.) The restaurant looks very nice both on the exterior and interior, service is great, and food is phenomenal.
He suggested the Chicken Parmesan pasta with the \""Smoky Mountain\"" pasta sauce and a side of marinara.\n\nIt.
Here is my code (easy on me please, I'm a begginer):
It's actually doing exactly what it should.
Basically, Get Shopped was a complete waste of time and money.
\n\nI definitely recommend this place for a quick sugary snack or if you need to buy pastries for a group of people.
Given companion isn't really a bacon cheeseburger sort of gal, this was high praise.
Maybe you can try it like this: Though a better solution should be by havaing a in c# code and adding it as an OracleParameter
This attribute if set true, centers this child horizontally and vertically within its parent.
They only accept cash, but they do have an ATM present at the entry.
This means that when the loop is at the program will index and throw an out of bounds error.
You will find new favorites and probably a few that you can't stand.
We decided that since I was an animal lover I would try volunteering at an animal shelter.
The restaurant is very modern and hip - the wait staff seemed pleasant enough.
Unfortunately, I am moving back home (cancellation process was no hassle at all like I've read on here!), but I will definitely miss having a gym like this.
I went with a friend and we spent a little over $20 on lunch for the 2 of us, which seems a little high for what it is, but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99/lb is fair.
The second construction/initialization is more interesting: This is equivalent to: Meaning that you create a temporary object of type T, and then construct as a copy of this temporary.
Add to that those freaking addicting garlic roll (perfect for dipping) and I'd absolutely order it again.
Looks like the real error is hidden from you.
Had dinner at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
Thus, if the output is , then becomes .
The food is still great, the patio is nice, the hood' location is still scary and fun and the smaller menu items and additional staff are appreciated.
nothing else needed on top of the steak.
Their red sauce has a bit of spicy heat to it.
The bread, to start, was fresh and seasoned with Italian herbs, and served with olive oil & red pepper flakes, yummy!
Seriously a steal!\n\nThey even have Pirate shirts.
I suspect that with mention of nodejs, there are a bunch of npm packages being downloaded as part of the build.
the price point is on the higher side (IMO!) so if you would normally not spend that for dinner I would definately reccomend for a special occasion...
I love this place for my nails and pedicure!
If you still see an error, please post last few errors from your logs.(If it's stored which might not be there).
Dearheart, is a wonderful help, especially if you are there on a day when it's not as over crowded.
If i'm understanding your question right, you're wondering how the math behind an artificial neuron works.
My husband and I just moved to Brookline from NYC and when we discovered this place I felt like I struck gold.
This script is before finishing /head tag on my website.
I told her I didn't know anything about flowers, so she asked for a price range and the proceeded to select and arrange a fresh bouquet.
Here's a quick and small example of creating pthreads: Next, you're going to be using multiple opus decoders.
Always something new and interesting to try.\n\nI haven't had a proper dinner here yet, just appetizers.
They also have my favorite pancakes.
I'll definitely be returning for some banana pudding.
I am looking for something that can do similar thing without using Heroku itself.
I would advise learning about Unit Testing.
The rides were all mostly open.
In your example there are 2 ways to do what you would want to do: or
For more, see my blog post:
If you are tired of over paying for your haircut give this place a try.
The only thing I could find is in What's New in iOS from apple.
I have a list of stores .
In the case the text of JLabel contains HTML decorations the would also calculate width of HTML tags.
The drinks are also a little more expensive for Pittsburgh.
This works instead: And to extract all the rows in EncData, not just the holidays?
Our platform contains a SSL certificate and runs always on HTTPS.
Better yet, go after around 3 on Saturday (or pretty much any other day of the week) to avoid the crowds.\n\n\n**P.S.
Sometimes I day dream about Dor Stop pancakes.
I never remember to have cash until I get my bill so I have to run to the ATM.
Cocktails are stiff, and REALLY inexpensive.
A vector is a sequence of numbers; in 3D graphics it is usually a coordinate expressed as .
I'd made reservations online and they called to confirm my reservations early that afternoon.
I am developing a new feature for my app.
WELL:\n\n1) All dinner combos come with a hearty entree, a big mound of rice, and a side item.\n2) The combos cost anywhere from $7-10 bucks: affordable!\n3) Customizable entrees: choose the sauce and the veggies!\n\nI personally went with a spicy black bean sauce, and elected chinese eggplant as my vegetable of choice, served alongside the trio of beef, pork, and shrimp.
would throw off any statistical layer, etc).
I had let them know it would be a first date experience and they pulled out all the stops.
You can get a huge mirror for $10.
Deep fried and then dunked in their signature sauce, it was a AMAZING.
I don't know how to be more specific.
Usually pet stores of the \""mom-n-pop\"" variety are dingy and smelly.
Hands down best shop in Matthews maybe even in all of North Carolina!
The location couldn't be better, and although the building seems a little old, the rooms were typical of the more modern Marriotts.
Being a vegetarian it's always a challenge to find something more than salad n such on a menu.
\n\nI earned a BA and an MS from UIUC.
For websocket you can use Aleph .
I read in many java books that constructor have no returns type , it means that it does not return anything ?
Predefined subject and body in EmailComposer Is there any way to predefine body and subject of email in emailcomposer ios phonegap plugin?
That was ok nothing I would order again.
I buy much of my casual clothing there and find the selection quite accommodating.
Thankfully we were able to order our special around 12:50pm because by 1pm, they were all sold out.
We are building a .NET web application (case management) and one of the requirement it needs to have a Document Management System to store and manage the document and at the same time it can be used out side this application such as intranet.
You could've sampled all day for all they minded.
Then you should apply to the picture the transformations you need.
From your edit it seems you are a little confused by deferred execution in LINQ.
Where the style.css is the css file where you specify your styling for the frame
To improve disk throughput, I use critical sections to ensure that no two threads ever use the same disk simultaneously.
We threw away at least a dozen between the 2 of us.
So you'll need to use a third-party library (such as JQuery) to parse the XML.
Honest to god, I live in CO and this is always one of the reasons I return to visit the town I grew up in.
Since anybody could have retrieved and logged the entire spot price history ever since this API is available (and without a doubt quite some users and researchers have done just that; even the AWS blog listed some dedicated Third-Party AWS Tracking Sites , but these are all defunct at first sight), this restriction admittedly seems a bit arbitrary, but is certainly pragmatic from a strictly operational point of view, i.e.
Parking can be a nightmare in peak time and it gets EXTREMELY crowded.
Technically it could work the other way around, by forward declaring .
Good spots to eat and shop.
From scratch, it would not have worked either.
D's has a great system, if you buy a bottle of beer to take out of the restaurant they take 1 dollar off the bottle.
I want to access this matrix in a way that if I use a[0:2] to get the following: These are the first two coordinate samples.
A short-term fix is to replace calls to mail() like this
The DBMS takes your declarations and updates and answers your queries and hides how.
The place is always very clean, and they don't mind me lounging with a magazine or the Trib long after I've finished.
My friend got the Egg Mornay I didn't try it but it looked delicious.
\n\nSo I don't know crap about cars.
Our waiter was very attentive and a nice guy.\n \nTheTip Top Tavern has opened again after a major remodel.
I think I spent the first 2-3 weeks asking, \""Is he playing?
Check out: You might also want to use contains or contents features
You can dock it right with the other windows.
I live in los angeles, one of the tastiest restaurant havens in the world.
She didn't try to upsell me a full set.
What I'm trying to achieve is that, upon change of a combo box, the column header will change position.
Also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms.
In this case there is one - simply write the code.
David Shepherd, service director, helped me immensely!!
And yes, you have to resort to plain OpenGL calls to handle your textures if you don't want to pull in the widget library.
Sides were a star, I loved the stuffing with duck sausage and the unexpected pairing of butternut squash and cherries.
rails json api is returning 406 http error when used from an outside page (backbone and phonegap) I've build a rails 3 application.
Eg: the command REG QUERY HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall /s /f chrome returns HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall{157F97DF-A001-36FB-A90C-55949FA130CA} DisplayName REG_SZ Google Chrome End of search: 1 match(es) found.
The PMC is the best has a little bit of everything.
The Exhibits were few but there were some powerful ones and some funny ones.
But I'm a sucker for any sort of sweet vodka cocktail in a martini glass, and the drinks here will knock a girl off her heels.
I really don't have another way to describe it, they were outstanding!
Best fries around and a really good beer selection.
Apple provide a new feature in IOS 7 and we can lock the user to single mode without user permission(Lock and unlock mode) here is the apple documentation link the other way is to install the profile config profile like is it lock the home button of IPhone and enable single mode
My pregnancy was pretty uneventful so I never really got to see them work in a crisis though.
null and [] are both false, a shorter and cleaner way
I have created a collectionview and item view for the banner list, but is this program structure correct?
The command in R looks fairly straight forward but I am not sure how to pass the RF objects from python to R.
Once again a Hampton Inn does not disappoint!
Then, call your own function to handle the paste.
The rooms are spacious and so quiet.
Be sure to read the interesting story of this place, and check out the flood line when you visit.
I am not huge on hot dogs or beer.
Great furnishing and modern up-to-date amenities one would expect at a Westin property.
So, every type, identifier it sees at the point must be known to it.
Makes me want to aspire to one day know how to cook well.\n\nI do want to mention that I had this strange feeling when I first walked in of someone yelling, \""Your Challenge Begins NOW\"" and I had this overwhelming urge to run into the stores and think up of a signature dish.
That function calls , which does some jQuery magic that works in all browsers, on that div to hide it.
To return javascript to be executed directly in the client, like the Rails erb.js template, the best method would be to return a JavaScriptResult from the controller method }
The atmosphere is inviting and cozy.
I assume you have been using Eclipse IDE.
I have the jackson mapper jars on my classpath.
To allow nice zooming you should add this line to the two you show: Here is a function to calculate an average of the visible points' 1st YValues: Note that the parameter is providing the values of the position and size of the View, but these are just the of the datapoints and not their indices; so we need to search the from the left for the 1st and from right for the last point.
I had lunch at Mandarin Wok once again today, and I left with happy stomach.
Similarly why don't JVM identifies the parent class version of an instance method, if the child class makes it more restrictive?
I think the best (or only?) way of doing this is through javascript?
You can get the total number of revisions like this: and a specific revision like this: (provided that there's a signature field named ).
I went here for lunch time.\n\nRestaurant Feel - Romantic.
Store the questions and a counter to store which question has been asked in .
\n\nIt is kinda hidden in the Bank of America Plaza so just keep on walking passed Sbarro and the other shops an
You need to make the function doSomething like below, pass null for btn_b and pass value for btn_a.
The prices are reasonable, they also serve breakfast on Sat.
If it's in our stack I can't find it :).
The meeting room in the back can be reserved for small groups (say 10-15).
Spicy chicken was actually spicy which was nice.
You have to sit in the bar for that.
Again they are all kind of the same in a sense but its about the interior and the experience.
Avoid default activerecord primary index creation I am trying to workout how to advise/tell activerecord not to create it's primary index by default.
Pointers do not keep information whether they point to single objects or for example first elements of arrays.
I have to close it thru the phone soft key app close button.
The only problem is the price...
I include the reference to the header file in the application as: and note that the compiler does recognize the referenced objects belonging to the visa.h file.
It's all very impressive.\n\nThe food is to die for as well.
I could never stop saying good things about the Animal Rescue League!
This means that you can subclass with additional protocol constraint for the subclass.
However, initiation a call is having some bugs.
And it remains stuck until I reprogram the board How is that even possible?
Jordan & I have been eating Taste of India at CMU for a while, without knowing it was Taste of India.
Both these devices are connected to the same network.
Vegetables are flavored deliciously, must go!
which is the way to save these data temporarily?
Here goes the my response The javadoc of says...
Assume I have a data frame like this where one column contatins big numbers: I want to put that data frame into latex document using function xtable but I don't want the table to display the numbers like above but in a formatted way like this: Any ideas?
I spent a lot of time getting this done.
Because Measure element in schema of cube (written in XML) doesn't allow that a measure value doesn't have 'aggregator'(It specify the aggregate function of measure values).
I am so lucky as to find Red Hair on my 2nd day here in Champaign.
I have always had consistent professional service not to mention mouthwatering quality food, and yes salt and pepper was provided.\n\nI do not understand why Occasions would continue to ask for money if you ladies were paid in full.
How I can solve this problem?
For us, the crux of this issue is that only works if your properties set the ( other than - the default ) or better yet - using which enforces use of the TimeZone specificity .
This place is great for special occasion and couples.
The dish came out sizzeling from the back kitchen.
But come fall, I may be all over the pumpkin ones again.
Two synchronous http calls using Observable I have a problem with Observables in Angluar2 app.
The free wi-fi was easy to connect to and speeds were good.
\n\nI like the dark, cozy feel of the restaurant with drum shade lighting.
Otherwise a great & very reasonably priced place to stay.
I can highly recommend SoHo as your pre Bucco stop.
Debug output: LoginViewController.h LoginViewController.m #import "LoginViewController.h" #import "myECGViewController.h" Any help is appreciated.
web activity "share" The share web activity will ask for the user which of the apps that accepts the share activity she would like to chose for sharing the file, this activity is what the Gallery App uses to share pictures, if the email app is chosen, it will fill the compose message window according to the parameters you pass.
If you are a US Airways Club member, their club is AAAAWESOMEEE!!
The friendliest service, treated me and my lady like kings and queens.
One solution used by many, many video games out there, is to not move the player(camera), but instead move the world.
But Downtown and the Westside both hold the Mediterranean trump card.\n\nThen I discovered People's Bakery.
Meatballs were not my pick, but WOW they were good.
So and therefore the function result in an error if contains an error.
A possible implementation of that set datastructure, which requires extending your datastructure: Mark all nodes in the datastructure with a boolean flag, so you don't insert them twice.
Now that is an extra bonus!!
Or create a new routing class?
Two weeks later I called, turns out my email was never received.
I even got a ride back to the office by Percy, one of the crew.
Difference between Delegate.Invoke and Delegate() Whats the difference between calling and ?
Here's my object and previous record that I use.
\n\nFor dessert, we ordered \""The wrongest dessert ever\"" (Please see picture to see why it was given this name.) The dessert was on their November throwback menu and consisted of a fried twinkie, two scoops of vanilla ice cream with a raspberry sauce (maybe chocolate sauce as well)..
Of course, even though I say I won't, I dunked the bread in the broth - delish.
PS: Sorry for the grammar mistakes, I'm still in process of learning english.
Desired end result for : So far I've tried using to create a list by project.id and then running to generate all possible combinations of within each list/group: Is there a more elegant/efficient (read "computed in less than 2hrs") way to generate something like this?
Can't speak for any of their other cocktails.
I am writing now after all these years because another Indian restaurant opened a stones throw away and I want to make sure you try Namaste instead.
try to re-size function all the script also put in to the $(window).resize(function(){ }) it's call on
He didn't try to upsell me on anything.
I was excited because they use canned mushrooms and loaded them on.
I thought Java8 was going to emerge from the stone age and start supporting lambdas / closures.
Per-file enabling of scope guards Here's a little problem I've been thinking about for a while now that I have not found a solution for yet.
Nice clean place with a very friendly staff.
All the basics are done right, e.g.
In this case, you are potentially returning a reference to the temporary in the calling context, which is fine because that temporary is guaranteed to survive until the end of the full-expression containing the call.
This one is clean and bright and well stocked.
See the setAutoresizingMask: method of NSView and the associated resizing masks .
This place is great for a chill dinner and drinks.
Here is a great article on the subject I've also written a follow-up article explaining how to call an asynchronous server side auto post back event on a user's selection:
Unit Testing Machine Learning Code I am writing a fairly complicated machine learning program for my thesis in computer vision.
How can an extension intercept any requested URL to block it if some condition matches?
I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious.
There's also a provider for OpenStack if you want to set up an OpenStack cluster.
I hear I got some bonus points for this one :)
Remove Repeated Words from Text file I have a text file, contaning nearly 45,000 words, one word in each line.
As I understand it you have to add the folders which contain libraries to /etc/ld.so.conf and regenerate the ld cache by running ldconfig.
If you use your application in environment (without app_dev.php) debug messages won't be logged.
Now, lets say I want to be able to create songs for this album.
Larger files and more "typical" files have more confidence (obviously).
at that point she realized it was a date (duh) and his ego was a bit bruised ...
We had tickets to the Panther/Bear game, which is a hop skip jump from the stadium.
I've put code in the cell to check to see if it's the most recently displayed cell and I don't load the image if it's not.
Obviously there are a large group of regulars who dine here often.\nPros: BYOB, tasty food, reasonable noise level, outdoor sidewalk dining is available seasonally, friendly and attentive service (if a bit unpolished).\nCons: Ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor, tables are packed every which way into the available interior space.
How can I check if the restore was successful and that the user had bought the item?
i even buy their whole beans to brew at home.
However, it has it hit and miss days too.
I changed the logic back in case that was my issue, but I still get the error.
Into it I'll be placing a 40ft copper tubing "radiator".
So we knew the wait would be long.
I thought so (the 32 bit part).
We asked for doggie bags and our waiter packed our meals up in containers and put them in a plastic bag for us.
There were only a few people in the restaurant; however, the bartender was very friendly and attentive.
I certainly enjoy a good cigar and one of the few places in Charlotte to light up this is one of my favorites.
Have you ever walked, biked, or driven (preferably walked or biked!)past Springfield and Wright, seen a sign for something called the Common Ground Food Co-op, and been confused?
My parents have always talked about the Pleasure Bar and how they used to go here when they were younger, but I have never been.
\n\nBOTTOM LINE: I usually park my tired behind in the US airways club and sleep, but when I'm in the mood to venture out, this airport has a pretty good selection of fun things to do while you wait for the next air taxi.
They have a stand alone store in near by Ross Park Mall.\n\nNow if only they could redo the whole store.
When I entered a number(id) to the search bar, I want to get image from plist file,and show it in UIImageView.For ex.
DataVM0 is accessible at public IP 123.123.12.1 DataVM1 is accessible at public IP 123.123.12.2 ArbiterVM is accessible public at IP 123.123.12.3 Here, my connection string would look something like: Scenario 2 Load balancer accessible at public IP 123.123.12.1.
If you want the five themes that have the most items in common with a given theme, you might try something like: Not tested, buyer beware, but I hope you get the idea.
This is what I'm doing What I have tried:
Therefore I have created a Builder Pattern implementation that allows to set the needed parameters and create the intermediate and final instance e.g.
Seating is hard to come by as well.
If you happen to fix them in the opposite order you get 1.27 * 1.61 = 2.04 Each time you fix something, the other issues become larger, percentage-wise and easier to find, and the speedups accumulate like a high-yield investment.
The liquor side was awesome as well.
Usually an order will take about a week for them to get to, but if you need it right away and you ask nicely, they can fix something while you wait.
Printing a value makes the program work?
There is no navigation on top of the page that leads you to the detail image page.
Every time we go there we try to get something different, and we're floored by how good the meals are, and how much of it you get.
Perhaps the is being over-written somewhere in the CSS.
Running into the same issue as you.
That way , the cell will be reused and you dont need to recreate GADView everytime.
Error Message: Is the ActiveRecord gem broken, or is the initial code incorrect?
Draft Belgian beer and a Mason Dixon dog.
View page does not reload when modelstate fails In my MVC application, I am using jquery ajax to post data to action.
However puttin savefiledialog inside the event OpenReadCompleted gives an exception because the savefiledialog needs to be fired from an user iniated event.
(Sure if some numbers are equal to Kth element select till fill items).
But in your case, your columns are VARCHAR type.
Change color of links in NUnit Test Runner in Resharper I prefer to use the dark theme in Visual Studio, but one source of annoyance is the links in Resharper's nUnit Test Runner.
I can make each continent a separate image.
\nFor Less then a Dollar you can get enough to make any dish TofuRific.\nNice people work there, not nearly as much Snootiness as you might think .\nif you have never been before give it a go, some things are a bit pricey but over all it's worth it.\nI recommend the Smokey Blue Cheese, it's amazing!
Some editions of find, mostly on linux systems, possibly on others aswell support -regex and -regextype options, which finds files with names matching the regex.
It wasn't bad, but you can get a cheaper everything if you go somewhere else.
We get there around 730 PM last night (Friday).
They also have two sauces, and I wished we had the option of trying both at the table.\n\nService was impatient at first, as we were initially tentative and indecisive about our choices.
As Craig said, indexes are only used internally to the database so the index names are not important - but in PostgreSQL they must be unique.
Maybe we need to start hating on those Atlanta Falcon sissy-boys?!\n\nYep, they're not that good lately.
If you're not lucky enough to get there on Tues then the subs for lunch can get a tad bit pricey.
LLVM will provide a good base to start from and there are plenty of example projects which you can use for understanding.
There are also a decent amount of sheet metal fish sculptures throughout the restaurant which I enjoyed looking at.\n\nWhenever our server came over, we queried him about a few of the Umi specials and in addition to the information about the dishes he told us that they were essentially big appetizers which was good to know.
Cogl is a GPU programming library that internally can use GL or GLES to access the graphics pipeline (though in theory it could as easily use DirectX on supported platforms).
I recommend doing something like this: This site has a great CRUD tutorial (this is addressed about 1/2 way through): Good luck
Upon clicking on the invitation link, I am redirected to the sign in page (mysubdomain.lvh.me:3000/users/sign_in) and see a flash notice: "The invitation token provided is not valid!" Related to this one:
More often than not they will even give you cash back if you don't feel you need anything else.
For RESTORING PURCHASES It will call the method after getting restore details :
\n\nEphesus is not a 5 star culinary experience, but for the casual fare and reasonable rates they offer, I can't imagine a better choice.
Modern fixtures, with a fairly good-sized bathroom.
Mine and everybody's favorite course is dessert.
No one had had such an event there at Windsor so she was very excited about this one!
Our crepes were as good as ever, and including my coffee drink, my bill came in at just over $10.00.\n\nThe owner is very friendly, and normally behind the crepe maker.
Now i have added one more cronjob in it and now that new cron is not working properly New cron is : And the codes are as follow : i also tried it running by changing cron position and now new cron start working and all remaning cron stop working.
It occurs to inside and outside customers.
There are types for 128 floating points.
How do I print out java debugging information to the screen like gdb's print command in eclipse?
When user tap download button I extract out the cell of table view and add progressview as a subview like this In header file In Class File my download method When data is received this NSURLConenction delegate method get called If there are more then one file and every time user tap on the download button this whole code will execute and progressview will be added to that cell, but all are referred through progress variable.
Then check out at the end of the week.
(In my case, this is preferable because I am running my Caffe network on a server with limited graphics while I have MATLAB on my local machine.)
and he does things the correct way.
when used as first method argument, is a shorthand for – there are also which equals and which equals .
The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes, yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh.
I lovelovelove a burger with an egg on it.
This is a lot more efficient than contacting the database once per every write.
The first good news is you've got access to free WI-FI.
The sides are huge and made for sharing.
Quick delivery, great service, great price.
Are there any drawbacks for using one of these examples?
For example, if was invalid JSON then an error will be thrown and caught.
They looked as good as the day I bought them.
I recommend you go through Designing a Scalable Partitioning Strategy for Azure Table Storage , the most commom used is Range Partitions, but you can choose whatever you want.
You can write a Diary application.
Likewise, my bestie sat in silence and payed homage to the crabcake gods/goddesses that prepared her crabcakes.
Is there a JAVA/Scala API that provides this functionality?
I liked that I could be in that area and have it not feel like an airport.\n\nI thought the airport was small enough that walking around the different areas to the shops and food wasn't bad at all.
but learning a language that helps my resume is still a benefit.
No other files need to be updated?
\n\nThe venue itself is very nice- and we even got to see Michael Jordan!
Thy were not as smokey as I wanted and boldly came sauced.
Then he told us that he upgraded us to a suite, even tho we only booked a studio.
I have used following code to escape the string value for json.
It seems like something that would be mapped out in the section of my alpaca declarations, but no luck (that I saw).
Then you just animate it to the "top" position where you want it to be.
The Bacon Cheese was ridiculously good and I wished that I could have finished it.
My bar drink, while pricey, was ...generous, to say the least.
A few friends and I had so much fun wandering the place.
Regardless, the rates are really reasonable (although I've never been to a rock gym before so I could be way off).
The code below demonstrate this: that as far as I can help with this much information you gave.
This impressive but highly technical result comes from the impressive and highly technical mind of Andrzej Filinski , who wrote in 1994 or thereabouts: We show that any monad whose unit and extension operations are expressible as purely functional terms can be embedded in a call-by-value language with “composable continuations”.
My boyfriend and I referred to it (lovingly) as the \""shady Mexican\"" place.
well you gotta give this place a star for its originality.
For this to work, the compiler would need to know the full definition of while it is still not finished with the definition of the base class , which is impossible.
\n\nNote to parents of babies, this restaurant is very family friendly, in our experience.
Is it normal for search request connections to stay open almost indefinitely?
cart image is displays on Right-top corner of the screen.
Just had dinner at Presto earlier and I am STUFFED.
I would like to have the uiview resize to small until it disappear and comes back the same way.
You also had to schedule far in advance and couldn't come in over a work lunch or break.\n\nStumbled across Dick & Arnie's on Yelp and am definitely a big fan!
If I remove the can_order = true from the formset, then it is not recognizing "code" as a valid input.
Lots of comfort food, and tasty twists on classics.
The lack of pretentiousness and extraneous decor in the building are mirrored in the food that you get here.
saying this place is very, very good is not giving it justice.
Also, there's not really a \""small\"" option and all of their pizza's are square.
Here's some example data: Movement : Stop : Here's what I am trying to accomplish: When the and/or are updated in the record, I need to copy this data to all other movement records for that order.
Only way I can think of for client to know whether owner of is really , is if field also specifies the domain for which this certificate is valid or if it specifies the organization to which this certificate belongs ( but that only helps if client knows to which organization www.some_domain.com belongs )?!
So, I tried a similar idea to Pavel's but using a backing field to store the actual HTML using TinyMCE .
The food is amazing and very true to its Gullah/Carolina roots of down-home, Southern cuisine.
Binary operator '!=' cannot be applied to operands of type 'NSError' and 'NilLiteralConvertible' I have the following code : in my Swift program (converted to Swift 2 from Swift 1) But Xcode is complaining Binary operator '!=' cannot be applied to operands of type 'NSError' and 'NilLiteralConvertible' What is the issue with the above line?
you were using the wrong key
I also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they're good as well.
If the gen_server is a singleton server, you can send the name to it using gen_server:call(?MODULE, {name, Name}) or gen_server:cast(?MODULE, {name, Name}).
Sometimes, I just want straight-up, unadorned sushi, and when I do, I doubt I'll come back to Umi.
I'm not dressing up or drinking a certain drink just to feel like I have a shot of being accepted somewhere, believe me.
I suppose it helps that my doctor's office is 2,500 miles away and the chances are slim that I'll run into him here.
The food and service are always dependable.
Is there a way to put aspx files into a class library in Visual Studio 2008 .NET 3.5?
He's a cool guy, very friendly, and not a new-age, hippy, sales-y doctor like some of the other chiropractors that I've been to.
I had the same problem and I was including rather than
So, to get a random number from your range of row 2 to last , you can do for example: Now you need to take this 15 times, and be sure that you wont get the same row multiple times.
If he makes it and you think it's great, he writes the recipe down in his notebook and recommends it to others.
\n\nFor our entrees, David and I both were having trouble deciding what to order - there are so many things I love here, but I had been craving cashew chicken.
Than use operation like and change the blending/lerping coefficient throughout the time until you completely blend into the second texture.
If the query builder is done in house, and if your query builder returns a the SQL statement in a string, you can parse it either looking for Update statements keyworks or with Regex, if you want to spare the users the trouble of creating an update query then realizing that they can't run it, then you should consider doing this check continiously as they create the query.
The outside of the bar looks old, which may have been a factor in deterring me for so long.
Either way, it's nice to treat others with respect.
This review is SOLELY for the butter pecan.
And there was plenty of food and I ended up taking half mine home.
A parameter will get passed on to your iframe, and the PHP SDK offers a function called to parse it: For example: With JavaScript it would be a lot more complicated.
Clean, decent set up, hallways are not wide enough though making it extremely trafficy to walk through.
Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
It would probably simplify everything, including you not needing to add the extra check for the last key-value pair.
propertize is well documented in the elisp manual.
From inside a custom directive how to change text of another span element?
Why is this code to find the minimum number in an array assuming the first element is smallest?
You have chose wrong selector, :td is not correct.
We had our wallets pulled out and ready to go, but never found anyone to pay...because the parking is free!
Definitely agree with Ian that the location should be closer to Uptown, but it is near my office which provides a good after work \""cool down\"".\n\nI do have a running crew that runs on certain afternoons and we totally replace the lbs of sweat lost with beer weight.
On Sunday morning it has a brunch buffet with all the standards, plus a healthy dose of Germanic add ons like German farmers breakfast (eggs, sausage and gravy-ed potatoes), red cabbage, pork chops, sauerkraut and potato pancakes.
Problems There is an option with icon in but no name When click on that(Add account), doesn't start.
I was not sure that there is a better way to do it: I just used a counter to see if I was at the end of the loop before calling the callback.
The fried pickles were pretty delicious and I don't usually like fried pickles.\n\nOverall: I would return here on a date or with friends who were ready to have some drinks.
Make sure you in your controller.
She kept up with us without being intrusive.
We'll be back for more games in the near future.
The service was excellent, the staff is knowledgeable about the various products and is more than willing to spend time and answer questions.
Have you added project reference ?
There's a great one about baggage right now.\n\nWent for a friend; she was opening her MFA exhibition.
It is in such a great little area and is a nice place to spend some time with a delicious cup of coffee.\n\nIt it sometimes busy and hard to find a table (which is not surprising since it's a great spot), but I like the neighborhood feel and the staff has always been very friendly.\n\nI usually get iced Americanos in the summer and regular coffee or lattes in the cooler weather.
I'm trying to use the nltk module in python to chunk together any instances where two to five nouns occur in sequence.
Compute all products of 3 numbers in N choose 3 time, and then take the maximum.
We had family from Charlotte and family actually flew in from AZ to attend the game.
Has anyone ever said that about convention center catering?
Why the heck is everyone getting down on Boston Store?
I've rewritten it as VBA (unsuccessfully).
only all the eyes in the place were looking back at me!
Accessing Protected Variable Of An Instance Of A Class That Extends An Abstract Base Class?
That way you can reuse your current modules and only need to create a new view ("indexSuccess.xml1.php").
There were so many really interesting looking things on it that I wish I was with a bigger group so there could have been more ordering and sharing.
i can only find psql command, but can't find any other postgres commands or tools, can anyone tell me how to create database and connect to it using the default postgres shipped with mac lion?
Being the author of Cibyl , I might be biased here.
All of your dropwizard dependencies are using instead of .
Changin input class on angular model property changes I have one input of text type, and I need that this input become on span depending of the value of a property of my model.
I could stop there, but I'll go on.\n\nGreat German beers and German delicacies on the buffet line, including sauerbraten, pork loin cooked with bacon, red cabbage, sauerkraut, you name it.
The buffet selection included eggs, sausage, and French toast; plus lunch items like macaroni and cheese and salmon.\n\nThe service was excellent even though we were at the end of brunch- water glasses were kept full and clean silverware was brought.\n\nI enjoyed our view of Uptown.\n\nOnly quirk- when we were brought clean silverware for dessert, our napkins were placed on the back of our chair.
I never have to look around for a refill.
Strings (and arrays in general) don't carry their sizes around.
There was so much to do & see for every age level.
The lobster rolls were not memorable and I'd suggest you skip these when choosing your items.
You're trying to ceil an array, you can do it on a numeric value.
\n\n\n Don't judge me I'm usually wasted upon arrival to Tom's Diner it's not a place where I plan on ending up just a place that I manage to get lol.\n\nAnyhow the pancakes are good and the wait staff is down to earth and very tolerant.
I can't remember if Pittsburgh location does a bone in ribeye, but if they do I would say a cajun bone in ribeye will be one of the best if not the best steaks you ever try.
Typing javac at the command line is not a viable or scalable way to build java code.
That, and the buckwheat crepes remind me of my happiest afternoons in the Latin Quarter studying in Paris.
I was able to get reservations for 7 at the last minute for Saturday night.
I zip it up with HookHandler and gave it to someone else and it doesn't work and I verified HookHandler was there in his folder.
My css for the chat section utilizes flexbox and currently looks like this:
When you're driving past Neil, it's pretty easy to miss initially because the store looks like it's located in an abandoned white warehouse, but just make sure to keep an eye out for the sign on their building.
I might be off on the number.
Tried the solutions at this link, but they did not work:
I have a regex from the existing application like this: This expression is masking all the charcters in the DL number.
the concession workers STINK on an alarming level.
If you have a deadline, I'd recommend creating a Java POJO interface for your persistence classes and doing the first implementation using JDBC.
It's a very quick thing to have done.
In wireshark I see the request, but is how do I see the full request?
those are most top lines.below code i changed.(php to csharp) Is this way is correct ?
It looks very old but in a good way.
Try commenting out the following line of code in your AppDelegate.swift file - enableAutomaticUser() will log in an anonymous user once you call PFUser.logOut(), and the username for an anonymous user is nil.
But, I was disappointed in the Shrimp Creole, was bland and watery.
I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly.
This application constantly sends strings to a logger whenever something happens, but those are only visible inside the client.
UILabel Landscape Orientation Im trying to change a UIlabels coordinates in landscape orient so i did this.
\n\nI had filet and crab cake and it was delicious.
i had a fantastic experience here.
Of course, nothing tasted quite the same as the real European thing, and you are sure to find some pretty standard American bakery there as well.\n\nClasen's doesn't look like too much when you first walk in, but who cares when you have a warehouse of good to gawk at?
So, what: Will match is: , , , , (again), [...], , , (again), , (again), etc.
What else should I look for?
Oops.), it was also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat.
I feel it's important that a Dr.
We oblige and he stamps it, and that was the entire process.
I took a bite and while it was good I really wanted the raspberry.
Molly's Sesame Noodles on the salad bar is our favorite side dish to this prepared foods treat.
But there's no "choice" dialog like you're looking for.
so can you try analyzing with solr.KeywordTokenizerFactory ?
Checking in and out was quick, employees were nice enough, the bed was comfy, the room was clean, and they even had a continental breakfast.
Just leave the Bears stuff in the car.
I had the same problem and resolved it by updating to the latest jQuery (1.6) and jQuery.validate (1.8) libraries.
\n\nOur server Juan was awesome, very accommodating, efficient and gave great suggestions.
Make it more simple , when i will access this service (.svc) from browser due to basic Authentication it will prompt to enter username &amp; password , so which residential i need to pass here and to which credential i need to compare (weather i need to set in web.config or IIS)??
That is what the default implementation of does, but one normally overrides to serve as an "equivalent content" check.
Great happy hour bar with the famous \""Paul\"" bartending since 2004'.
We had the 2 $10 off entree coupons and ordered off the Gusto menu (a fancy version of Panera's You Pick Two).
Tonight was the conclusion a long day and all I wanted was to go back to my hosteI and maybe grab a bite to eat.
In each collection, he has many books.
However, I would definitely go back sometime!
We always seem to miss these cheese shops passing through the Dells.
So glad I got to try Lidia's!
The problem is the double values from java at the end are not the double values at the begin giving to c# writeDouble in Java Converts the double argument to a long using the doubleToLongBits method , and then writes that long value to the underlying output stream as an 8-byte quantity, high byte first.
What you should do is declare the array as a pointer instead.
Note I pretty much just used what was generated for me.
There is not much to say.
SQL Connection String for another pc I developed an application.
\n\nWhat to get away from the glitz and glamour of most brunch places these days?
The Summer Rolls were as good as any others (they all taste the same) but the veggies were fresh.
It was exactly what you'd want when enjoying a plain ol' piece of pizza.\n\nI'll definitely keep this place's super quick service, relatively cheap prices and impressive portion sizes in mind from now on - it's good to know that there are places you can get into while downtown like this, and from what I'm hearing/reading it's worth exploring the menu and eating something other than pizza here.
Storing PBKDF2 Settings Alongside Password I'm experimenting with PBKDF2 for my passwords right now, and it dawned on me that if I were to ever upgrade to a faster machine in the future, I would want to increase the number of PBKDF2 iterations.
I also wanted to make PQ offering update operation.
I have a military ID and requested the military discount.
How can I create a reminder using AlarmManager?
You could expose an event on your mediator so it notifies all listeners (eg your second VM) that its values have changed.
This hotel is in a great location right next to the convention center and is walkable to PNC Park, Heinz Field, downtown bars, etc.
In which case running a connect on this socket again would return to you whether it was connected or not, and that would be the way to handle that....
This museum rocks, especially for a university.
Here is the header I have so far: Here is example data: Will just have to figure out how to deal with new attributes...
Bring up the character viewer and then make favorites of the N characters you need to access.
If you don't use and add background to that bootstrap column, the background applies to the padding as well.
Placed an order from so many miles aways, and was so specific on the type of look I wanted for this Bday arrangement.
I can't initialize a dummy object of this type since all the fields are read only and no public constructor is available.
Regarding help text over hover in asp.net net website i want to put help tex with question mark..how is that possible..
I have had mixed results using TemplateBinding on custom dependency properties.
Click here to check out the framework.
\n\nMake sure to check out Mountain Island Coffee anytime your in the area!
Embedding pyqtgraph into tab widget Pyqt I am bit new to Pyqt4 and pyqtgraph.
I used documentMode instead of simply checking (if(document.querySelector)) to help me debug this problem further
I am able to create folder using this code .But i need to add text file inside the folder(newDir).
Coming back from the Packers vs Panthers game.
You can get away with a lot of things on nVidia drivers that you can't get away with on other systems.
Wonderful service, delicious sushi and I prefer their traditional menu rather than overly Americanized sushi (with cream cheese, cooked meat, etc).
However, most of the flavors were fruity, and I was in the mood for some chocolate, so I decided to go with a sundae instead.
Some initial performance benchmarking result of Impala I found.
Map shows and loads as it should.
And if not, how would you go about writing one?
You can use generic tags on chunks: Set the tag on relevant chunks Create a class that extends and add it to the writer Write the code that makes the underlining job on the method In the method you have the surrounding rect of the chunk: you can draw a line directly on the PdfContentByte using a dashed style or whatever style you desire.
We would usually just go for lunch to avoid the crowd.\n\nWell, two thing happened: 1.
I want to split the program field into separate fields (as show below) however I would prefer to use just one grok statement (if it's at all possible!) Of the two examples below I get an _grokparsefailure on the second example, but not the first.
I haven't seen a place better in pittsburgh but they scrub your exterior with brushes to get the hard to get off bugs and dirt.
TWebBrowser is a wrapper around IE ActiveX interface.
It adds a nice touch to making the car feel extra clean and shiny.
Am I on the right path?
This place is great for birthdays.
The classes are fun with very energetic and helpful instructors (Bodypump is my favorite).\n\nThey don't supply towels, but the gyms I've been to usually charge extra for a towel fee so I always brought my own, making this a non-issue for me unlike some people.\n\nThe only negative is the lack of parking, but that happens all over Pittsburgh so I'm not surprised.
Here is what it looks like : app.js Any idea ?
This was so yummy that I totally dipped into his dish after I finished mine.
My parents live very close to the brewery/beer garden and it is so much fun to hang out there in the summer.
We both love sushi and both agree that this was hands down the best sushi and Japanese food we ever had.
Drinks and food came really quick, surprisingly quick actually considering the huge crowd waiting outside.
The OB-GYN who was there was fantastic.
The service was outstanding, friendly, attentive and quick.
\n\nBacon was fresh and the right balance of crispy without being overdone.
If more fans would attend the game then revenue would go up and the Bobcats would then not only be able to afford a marquee player but also attract them as well.
I've been very impressed and I have to say getting my kids into Anami was probably one of the best decisions I've made for my family.
Common...Kudzu Jelly Butter for Corn Bread?!?!
But I digress.\n\nThe first could not keep the appointment on their end - the complete reverse of the problem that I had just experienced (though it still led to a bad day on my part).\n\nThe second I actually tried for the better part of a year.
I really enjoyed the amazing environment at MCN.
Should I also use the following protection library: Thanks in advance
Location is great because you can paddle right from the back door.
I love having exciting draft beer choices!\n\nThe food is really good too!
Remember these can be declared on an API as well as an implementation.
So, my better and half and I frequent this place quite a bit!
For some reason, FV tends to default to full frame when they sell down the stock to just one or two discs of a title.
-----update----- It seems that, this may be related to having the caching code in 'OnLoad'.
Check the image attached for one such instance.
If the map doesn't need to change then one of the above suggestions would probably be better.
However, I cannot deny that it is most definitely worth the wait!
The management and the staff are fantastic also.
\n\nMany people love brunch here, but I found it only OK.
How to cast child class instance I don't really know exactly how to word this but basically I need to get the child class instance of an Actor without assigning it (if that makes since?).
Another reason why the burger seals in all of those juices plus adds flavor is they are cooked over a 500 degree hardwood grill.\n\nTessaro's was not hard to find, but in a run down area.
Great for a lunch time run in.
Make the reservation - I've got it.\"" YES!
The problem is, the page extends a base htm file - one that has all the bells and whistles (you know, header, menu et al).
I love Panera for lunch and dinner.\n\nIt's hard to go wrong with Panera.
How nice of Microsoft to require registration now if we want to provide them information that will make their tool better.
I'm not sure that this satisfies your requirement for performance, but it's something you could look into.
Because last step of unwrapping will fail?
You are clearing your previous selections when you are not suppose to.
You want to be printed five times on the fifth next line after that.
Also, I would highly recommend the Dry Chili Chicken off the Chinse menu.
Putting the savefiledialog NOT inside OpenReadCompleted gives an error because the bytes array is empty, not yet processed.
Look at the records with "extra" fields in them &amp; trace back to your source data.
They either did one of two things: used a garlic glaze for the dough, which I am suspicious of because the crust didn't taste oily, or they have some kind of garlic butter in their dough.
I wound up getting their Sumatra beans and loved them.
The timing of the meal was perfect.
But in what sense is it similar to the regular flatMap?
They probably could make a pasta dish without might to suit ones requests but I don't know for sure.
Those may neither have high resolution at all, nor be terribly accurate.
Also, dirty carpet they should change the carpet to tiles.
Then, you'll have to fanout that update to all of your app users using Google Cloud Messaging .
You need to reference the image relative to your pages.
I've had the lasagna which was a large, flavorful portion.
I am a ASP.NET 3.5 web developer using VS 2008.
Done a service repair for a broken Sub..
A nice selection and great service.
The antipasti were lovely - the lightly seasoned calamari was divine and the fresh mozzarella and olive platter was splendid.
I went back and forth for a while on 4 or 5 stars.
For example, suppose I have a class MyClass with a couple of methods, i.e.
You have to sanitize your inputs at least with Even better would be to and use prepared statements and parametrized queries!
add column dynamically to handsontable I am trying to dynamically add a column to a handsontable.
I used to be a Java programmer, When I moved to C/C++ I enjoyed using Eclipse CDT , it is a good, customizable and powerful IDE.
He not only directed us, but gave us comp (free admission) cards to more places than we could possibly go in one night, leaving us with many options.
shows you how to implement a singleton.
Signature Desserts is the ONLY bakery I will go to.
There is spotty connections at the end of that terminal hampering the user agreement website from openong.
I think this code is setting you up for a debugging nightmare.
We were on a 90 minute lay over on our way home and it was late.
Right now there is the Manor Twin, and this place.
Callen (I think I am spelling her name right) is an incredibly sweet, efficient, and talented bartender; Solomon on the grill whips up a KILLER (but without death; veg friendly) tofu and bean fried taco; and Justin is an offbeat, dry, and very cool bar owner who is interested in providing an open space for his community - they have held a huge number of widely different acts in the past, and plan for more in the future!
So now, after breaking up the code, the first line of your create action looks like That means your instance variable contains an object of class with attribute set to .
His explanation will shed some light on the subject.
I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do.
They arrived before me and were sipping on some beers.
Got a personal pizza with gorgonzola, chicken sausage, and red onions.
I wanted to buy them all and give them a new home in my closet!
You can count on them to get it right.
Here is code: When I click on some common number or character, it will wrap the first occurence of that character or number.
Hit and miss, with the curries more solid than anything else I've tried.
Not here neither on google) Thank you!
So there must be something I have set incorrectly that's causing this delay.
The only thing that I did not care for was the bar's playlist of current, top forty music.
What I want is the progressbar to be present during the TOTAL load time of the listings.
If it is then they have already submitted the form.
So, any new document containing bad will be more likely to be negative.
I want to print the diagram that shows the current state of the workflow instance for the open document.
If credit cards/ecommerce has PCI DSS requirements, I would think health care data would have at least same level (likely stricter) data protection rules (e.g.
None of it has worked so far.
She thought it was good, but a little too soupy (too much fluid).\n\nAlso, they offer most things spiciness from a scale of 1 to 10.
I've been going to Tessaro's for years.
In another table I have a id, and a name ( ) and table1 for every code (10,11) is going to have a name (from table2) How can I get this values?
Go Pens!!\n\nIf they renovated their bathrooms, they would definitely deserve a five-star rating.
We were there on a Friday night.
Friday night girls night out and we were on the town.
Our service was wonderful and the waitstaff was incredibly attentive.
This is a non-standard GCC extension.
I haven't seen a Dutch Baby on a menu in ages!
You can rewrite the stylesheet to operate on a different number of columns (i.e.
\n\nIt's really nice to feel like employees of anywhere recognize you as a good customer and treat you with mutual respect, kindness, and reward your loyalty.
My friend told me to pick wherever I wanted for a celebratory dinner, and Yelp brought me here.
My wife and I both got lattes and pastries, and everything was good to go.\n\nIt looked like we were the only patrons that didn't plan on spending the whole day there, rooted to a chair.
so whenever it change you can re-draw your graph.
Then you can work on efficiency.
In linux(Ubuntu), one shell utility will output the following data so there are 2 fields, number and name.
There is a accompanying library asp.net ajax which you can find more about at you can start learning how to use it at just like webforms is a abstraction of http so is asp.net ajax to ajax.
What I want to do is when the user changes their mind, and they close the window, it should automatically reset all the filters.
How do I access the definition of Status to see it's a enumeration of type eSTATUS emphasized text I've has several attempts to access the right information via ComplexType and Elements and Content.
If you could explain how to select the smiling array that would be excellent!
If you want to save modified source as html you can use different aproaches, depends on what you want to mainupulate.
Mom ordered a salad, she enjoyed it.
My sandwich was over indulgent and amazing.
When you say what you are actually saying is "use the symbol in the root module of this crate", which would be .
It's not clear what you mean by "issues distinguishing between AM and PM".
Create a You won't be using because you'd want to use the map's method.
I think I should have come here with more people because already it was too much and too good just for two people.
The biscuits are to die for.
The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment.
Apache is not detecting that anything is getting to the server over port 80.
Throw IOErr if there is a network or protocol error.
This code is also useful for turning a CIImage into JPEG or bitmap NSData.
I have been getting my hair cut every month for the last few years by Ka at Dick and Arnie's Barbershop.
If you want to support a great shop - head over to Courtesy Auto.
I then tried to fix that issue and got the red and black overlap looking commit instead.
He was super nice and attentive with zero fakiness.
You only have to use this-> if you have a symbol with the same name in two potential namespaces.
I really need to get pre-compiled views working.
The admin skin is the skin used when you are editing the contents of a module.You can specify the Admin skin in Site Settings.
Add c:/PROGRA~1/Java/JDK16~1.0_3\bin\ to Path environment variable
Too bad Virginia doesn't have them!
A little counter, some cheap tables and a self service drink area - it's a bit dark inside and the decor consists of some random framed prints here and there.\n\nRegardless of the lack of ambiance - the food is bringing the people in - the place had a good crowd at lunch time and the proprietor is a British lady who is very patient and friendly.
Now please check the below HTML snippet: Here the HTML contains both self enclosing and enclosing shortcodes.
But here's what you get: A World Class cooking facility.
If I provide a get func, it turns normal again.
In my scenario, I'm wanting to do this in a unit testing scenario where I want to rollback practically everything I do within my unit testing context to keep from updating the data in the database (yeah, we'll increment counters but that's okay).
On the way out, why not browse the penny candy racks?
the curry fried rice is amazing.
So I want to reply/replyall to mail only which I select or open in outlook.
Anyway, you should stop the playing manually in onStop method.
This is a buffer local variable, so you should set it in each buffer that will be displaying python errors (there is probably an appropriate hook to use, I do not have python mode installed so I cannot look it up).
Any Ideas on what I could do to get this to serialize through a service and still be able to keep the ISerializable tag on there?
If you need to do AJAX request, turn-off the VerifyCsrfToken middleware on your Kernel.php file.
Your method is an instance method, though it does not use the instance in it.
Im using selenium and java for some automated testing.
I like the typical curry dishes, chicken tikka masala, samosas, naan - all are great here.
the usage of ccc:fid is an extension of the namespace which needs to be declared in xml in order to be able to use it in libraries like simplexml.
The staff often stopped to smile back at the baby when she was smiling at them, and our waiter asked if we needed anything for her.
It is always a relief to be met with a genuine smile when I get to my destination.
changes the reference) and so, when (4) comes around, you have this: This leaves you seeing two different versions of : the new one which received something in (3) and the original which is empty.
Even if you get a warm beer, they have this ice cold dunk tank to put your bottle in that gets it nice and chilly for you in just a few minutes.
Beware the stairs of death when you go to the bathroom.\n\nI haven't seen Chicken Muglai in years (they call it Muglai Korma on the menu) and the version they have is excellent.
Also, how does L prefix operate according to the standard?
Oh, and a radio station broadcasting 50's and 60's hits from the diner too.
It is very difficult for me to give more information, since I don't know where to trap the error or how to diagnose the problem.
The result of the first comma expression is then on the left-hand side of the next comma expression: Which will then be sequenced as The result of the expression is thrown away (but as it is still evaluated the assignment still happens), and the result of the complete expression is (which is ).
'pathos' also provides a unified interface for parallelism across processors, threads, sockets (using a fork of 'parallelpython'), and across 'ssh'.
Prices seem pretty reasonable to me.
First of all, Console.WriteLine(" " + d1.n); will give you DVD:DVD because base means use the parent class' constructor.
Food should be delicious, especially food at any restaurant.\n\nThe chips - so good, so delicious.
If you want good tasting coffee, get it there!
I ride the 61A or the 61B (whichever comes first) to work.
This means, the left operand of ( ) is converted to an (an can hold every value 1) ).
T'was rich and fine, however, being the ginger fiend that I am, I really wished they had used real pickled ginger!\n\nOthers shared the chocolate pretzel stack, consisting of wonton 'pretzel' chips, malted milk chocolate cream, miso caramel, and a kinako truffle.
The elderly woman was as sweet as could be & the young man that brought us our food was cheerful.
A little pricey for lunch but they did have other lunch special offerings if price was my biggest concern.
Every one was courteous and polite.
Here's a simple option, using instead: In versions 1.9.2 or before the equivalent expression omits the explicit : The idea is to create all possible pairs of and (which is what the part does), and then merge it back, counting occurrences.
I haven't used the timer plugin myself but it seems pretty stable.
how to add an offset and limit with join query?
Moreover, Pho Minh completely trumps Tram's Kitchen.\n\nI took my parents here for my \""last meal\"" before leaving the City and they loved it, too.
The normal Friday night ritual erupted last night and that is finding a restaurant interesting enough for me and flexible enough for the lady's particular tastes.
Check the Custom ViewControllers section in the Readme.
Firstly, the k-means clustering algorithm doesn't necessarily produce an optimal result, thus that's already a fairly significant indicator that it might have different results from different starting points.
I have to admit probably wouldn't have frequented this place nearly as much if the Borders across the street hadn't gone out of business, but here I am.\n\nThis store and Earth Fare is usually how I end up spending my lunch breaks.
Yes I was a walk-in, but I never wait this long to get my hair cut.
So how am I supposed to know if to send a or serve the image?
For logical reasons, tables are filled row by row in iText: If you want to change the order, you need to do this yourself by creating a data matrix first.
Amazing is all I can say.
I live in Seattle these days and was not about to miss the opportunity while in town.\n\nStarted with a couple of Spotted Cows (on tap!) while the rest drank Miller Lite.
A hoagie, fries, & drink is $6 & some change.
a course is cancelled or delayed until the following day).
Both dinners came with our choice of gumbo or salad.
You surely have an encoding problem.
From what I understand, Valet parking does not start until 6:00pm and I got to the restaurant at about 5:30pm.
This it the very definition of diner.
Check this post out for more details.
It doesn't work for because when you change the status, it immediately disappears from whichever list it is in and is added to a different list, and the event is never fired.
paste fails when try to run wiith excel multiple instances I have 3 instances of Excel-vba running at same time.
From there I can subscribe to the ObjectMaterialized event.
\n\nI had to take Todd W's advice...goat cheese salad!
I remember everyone liking mine the best.
It's a local treasure that may be overlooked in the city of Charlotte.
This is for testing : While redirecting make sure that the $facebook->getuser() is not returning 0 and access token exists.
This is the code: Without the cast, it will not compile, since returns .
We had thought about getting reservations but the hours that came with my gift card said No Reservations.
The interior is a bit dark & outdated and it doesn't have much of a welcoming atmosphere, but the outdoor tables in Market Square are a great option, weather permitting.
The manager Tony is THE BEST!
No method should take 24 parameters, but if you absolute must, then your should comment all parameter values that are not self-explanatory, e.g.
It scans all .php files, find each time I use gettext() or _(), and update the .po and .mo files.
jQuery - toggle() a form when a button is clicked in a list Problem: I don't want it to toggle when I am clicking on the table.
I was thinking initially that this automation project would reside in the same solution as the Web API that you're targeting, it would just be another separate project.
Place wasn't crowded at all and I got sat right away.
This would, of course, generate the error: event.layerX and event.layerY are broken and deprecated in WebKit.
in time on a Friday night, don't worry.
\n\nThe Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice dish caught me by surprise in a good way.
I never found any other behaviour of static either at compile time or runtime.
In fact, it might be the best sushi place I've been to in Charlotte, competing with my evergreen love for Cowfish.\n\nI took the recommendations of others and opted for the Godzilla Roll.
Stumbled on this place on a Sunday afternoon when looking for Yelp recommended Bistro-to-go across the street was closed.\n\nLittle leery - but very pleasantly surprised!
These thumbnails are each their own component that are loaded in sets of three within the RenderRow function.
Those two meals, plus sweetened tea for two, came to almost 42.00.
\n\nKinda dim and loud in there...it is a bar after all, and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls.
Saving the modified Info.plist will allow you to target that application in your Dashcode widget.
:-/ Are there any instances of how people have suppressed the inheritance of changes in this fashion?
I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue.
My omelette was tasty, as were the accompanying home fries.
Everyone was happy, no complaints of any kind.
Just get an Italian hoagie here and quit trying to --you can forget the meatball sub guy.
What is the best way to achieve this?
IE10 rendering artifacts I'm testing my website in IE10 on Windows 8 and I keep getting a bunch of rendering artifacts around or above certain elements.
If it's in either Quirks mode or compatibility mode (ie if it's in anything other than IE10 Standards mode) then there's a strong probability that this is the cause.
SQLNamedQuery in Spring hibernate Error Following is the my code.
They haven't ever pressured us to buy anything and believe me I have been known to \""window shop\"" the jewelry cases planning my next big purchase.
If I was smarter about it, I would take the cash discount and go so far as compare prices with ABC stores.
Oh, and KARDS.\n\nFound along the wall: bacon band-aids, insta-Irish accent mouth spray, famous philosopher finger puppets, librarian action figure, vulgar piggie banks, zombie plastic animals, etc.
Official NodeJs Website Official SocketIo Website Chat tutorial with socketIo and Nodejs Hope it helps!
A great place to enjoy the finer things in life and converse with the fellas.
The current code in get_table_data_php is:- The code in the stats.php file being called is as follows:- The code in the calling php file runs as expected and shows (via the alert(s) which are there for my sanity) the table data as expected.
My sysadmin installed solr here: I followed the tutorial (using Jetty) successfully.
But that also takes away the thrill of climbing 30+ feet in the air supporting yourself on nothing but tiny plastic grips and your own determination.
How to use shared array between function calls in objective C I have one array.
When I type that url into firefox or chrome it works, but not when I run the html file.
I'm just not sure if its capable of doing any local scripting like greasemonkey does.
Then loop backwards and add these characters to a word.
That last case could be for many reasons including, but not limited to: mis-spelling of .
The APK he sends is compiled from the same code, but compiled at his end.
We came around 10:45pm on Friday night.
Labor was $70/hour and parts were cheaper than other places.
The values are in double and are shown in exponential form so they are shown as lon = 1.371864733333333e+02, lat=36.694250000000004 You could reduce the length of numbers after the decimal point.
And for the record, we are using Microsoft Exchange Server 2007.
The guy who took my order got the order wrong.
I thought I'd avoid the crowd by dining a little late but the place was PACKED!
Both areas have different log-in page.
I have unloaded the project and verified that the signing is set to false.
A little php help with this string formatting I have a string in this format: Is there any small piece of code to get the numbers BEFORE the underscore, BUT AFTER temp_images/?
There is a Giant Eagle right down the street too.\n\nThe hotel offers free wifi which has great speed and makes working from your room easy.
Having grown up in C-U, I've heard my fair share of how great Dos Reales is supposed to be, but everytime I eat there, I feel like I am being rushed out the door.
I run on Mac, but you could do something similar on Linux or Windows.
On previous trips I've gotten flautas, which were perfectly fried and not too crispy, and the enchiladas sonora, which comes with an excellent spinach and a creamy sauce.
It could be something like this (not tested):
The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is the service is usually pretty slow.
The only way to do this would be to assign target to and have a separate method such as:
\n\nI have always gotten a good deal here in a time when \""thrift\"" stores can be overpriced for kitschy or unique items.
I tried your URL in a C# program and it also gives me an error.
They took my yelp coupon that I showed them on my phone.
In general, I love to order the ground beef kebabs and lamb kebabs at Persian restaurants and this place doesn't disappoint (I like to add sumac, which is on the table to all the meats and sometimes the rice).\n\nOnly disappointment for me is that they don't have a clay oven to make homemade Persian lavash bread like they do in all the restaurants in Atlanta.
I like to try many different places & this is a favorite of mine!
This has also been answered here:
Plan your arrival carefully though, as there is often a long wait for tables.
You want an outer join to get all rows from table_1 and the matching ones from table2 The is necessary because the outer join will return for those rows where no id exists in table_2 but would yield
I could use that for setStart() and setEnd, but it seems like there should be an easier way since I've already got two ranges.
I know I could encode the hash as a string but that should not be necessary.
With normal combobox, I just set cb.Text = "", or it automatically display text in index = 0, but with datagridviewCombobox , I can not find method that accept setText to this.
Viewing the source, they have slightly different markup...
I'm using C# if that matters.
To provide notification events from the serial thread to the main (GUI) thread you can use PostMessage with a user-defined message.
You need to rethink your question.
My wife is very particular and makes a lot of special request, who h usually causes at least a few mistakes.
All the occurances of are getting replaced with the value of as you are calling .
A fanastic find and very enjoyable atmoshpere.
It is reasonable to treat addition as a single computer step if small numbers are being added, 32-bit numbers say.
Beware though, if you have never been, you will be floored at how dark it is!
What a deal!\n\nService is fast and friendly.
And maven tutorials are not making me any wiser.
Enormous portions.\n\nAmbience is very open and casual but somehow still pretty \""nice\"".
How to get Host of other flow in Mule?
Mozart has always been good, and now has improved on that.
I removed the 3.2.0 model files and replaced them with 3.3.1.
Twice now, we've been with parties of at least 10.
the location of the motel is excellent, next to the walk of fame.
What I'm ultimately trying to accomplish is to get the HTML from an unknown but limited number of webpages where returns the HTML for page and I want to stop as soon as I found a non-page.
You must be in the bar by 7:30 to get a table, and even then it's iffy bc what the other regulars have started showing up that early and eating dinner before trivia.
And I have to say I loveee this place.
In other words, the values associated with select-list expressions aren't available yet.
Pass the PersistenceManager to your class as part of the context, instead.
\n\nOverall this I had a great experience and won't think twice about coming to another event here.
Basically you need to find the li.k-item and pass it to the select method.
Notice how "email address" isn't presented as one of the profile fields that the application wants to access.
But it is showing message at particular time and also after the given time.
They forgot a few things, but were nice people at least.
I have never tried the sushi so can't comment on that.
Returns So the if statement is false and the p within the if statement is not run...which would lead me to believe that current_user should not get set to the User.find_by_authentication_token result.
Nested MySQL select error I'm trying to make the following transaction work, but the I get a mysql error near SELECT.
I've been reading somewhere that it is safer to pass an MFC ui control to a thread as an handle rather than to pass a pointer to the control.
Quote from the Modernizr homepage: Lastly, Modernizr also adds support for styling and printing HTML5 elements.
He dragged me there, because he'd been there before and said it was pretty awesome, me, well I was a little scared of heights.
You can see in the network tab inside the developer tools that the webcam.swf has the status '(aborted)'.
the file has to be encoded in ASCII, generally using the encoding, then the encoded file is packaged iton a multipart MIME message and posted...
As a workaround, you can try replacing the keyword with a call to static function like this: Also, please note that the attribute names are case sensitive, and the function adds a "TimeStamp" attribute, not "Timestamp" (note the upper-case S).
You might be interested by the List of User Agent Strings too.
Defining Trending Topics in a specific collection of tweets Im doing a Java application where I'll have to determine what are the Trending Topics from a specific collection of tweets, obtained trough the Twitter Search.
\n\nYes, the previous reviews are spot on-- authentic Japanese (minus the obligatory California roll and special sushi rolls) in a super charming space (Don't be thrown off by it's location next to the Little Caesars.) with friendly family-run service.)\n\nThis place is packed with fellow Asians (not the speed-racing kind like Ru San's) which is always a good sign.
Golden Harbor might have a little bit better tasting food but this is about half the price.
Cover flow works in Activity but it gives an error when I convert Activity to Fragment I am getting "cannot be applied" error in this code I used cover flow for the project, but the library is written as an activity, I need to use fragment for Navigation Drawer.
by specifying what you're doing is saying this Request is an AddressRequest, but by calling it a Request you are unable to access the method for AddressRequest.
So within this function, 'minutes' means the same as 'this->minutes'.
Bluetooth connection with Android In my App I need to connect a smartphone with an 4.0 low power Bluetooth-module.
Their menu has all of the classics including their signature pancakes, omelets, french toast and eggs cooked to suit.\n\nMy coffee cup and water were kept full and while sipping on my caffeinated beverage, my meal came.
Also, the content (buttons, etc..) will go on top of the box.
the min $200 per month dedicated postgres instance from Heroku.) given the size of the prices table?
\n\nI would recommend Lidia's to anyone looking for a quality Italian lunch or dinner with an upscale atmosphere.
So, you may see I'm using to replace with
Update: I can't find a definitive specification on this, but the documentation does indicate that it has support for two-phase commit, but what I could find was not specific on whether it supported the XA protocol.
But you asked how to do it and so here is how: Using with a loop and as modules do not support dictionary operations and it is possible to write the function as: I tested the following: Prints .
No $DISPLAY environment variable with matplotlib on remote server (no sudo) I have been through many post talking about this issue but haven't find anything working on my server.
I believe it's because the callback isn't being run on the main thread and so the log happens before the update.
I saw some code According to a comment on the page, this is to improve minification, but I couldn't figure out how.
i'll definitely be back in the future.
\n\nI have had quite a few things in the menu but two things that I love more than others are the cobb salad and the Oscar's Garbage burger.
It does have stadium seating, it doesn't have an arcade.\n\nPark Terrace runs independent and foreign films and has a certain charm that is lacking in most theaters in this region (Manor Twin excepted).
More details and reference material can be found at Data Shaping , including the SQL-like language used to define Shape commands.
I defined a domain name for gitlab and it works well.
Next visit to Pittsburgh, I'll be back.
I've noticed a few things that I wouldn't mind pulling a #stickandmove coup.
it is large and clean and I have experienced fewer delays here than say Phili or DC.
I did this using the following snippet.
In order to test for correct handling in a case where there is no ActiveRecord::Errors object to iterate through, I am trying to delete the errors object (not the individual errors) from an otherwise-working test fixture ( ).
However, after updating my application to 1.7, I'm still seeing it.
So I stumbled into this Giant Eagle Market District on my way home from Trader Joe's.
So it's normal everthings moving if you don't limit the wrapper width.
If you set customAnnotator.forcedpos = edu.stanford.nlp.pipeline.ProvidedPOSTaggerAnnotator to the property file, include the above class in your CLASSPATH, and then include "forcedpos" in your list of annotators after "tokenize", you should be able to pass in your own pos tags.
The clothes can be hit or miss but when you find something, it's usually pretty awesome.
I enjoyed there red ale more then there brown but both where great and my wife said that her kolsch was well made also.
\n\nI always marvel at their selection of coffees, the different types of beans and roasts.
As you are only removing the layout defined by you.
When I submit the form, it redirects to wrong URL.
This is part of my interface: It looks like from examples I've found online or in books, the Unit of Work is forced to work with type "object", as we can be adding any "type" of entity to the uow.
Please help me in resolving this.
A should be able to be used anywhere a is expected, so you should be able to do I think you need to look into a different design.
If you want to use that as text, you need to decode it, using one of the character encodings.
I'm a salsa addict, and they will ad as much salsa as I want.
\n\nWe came on a tame Sunday night for Naked Girls Reading.
(dots) In improving an method, I'd like to extract the names of the objects passed to it so that I might generate unique IDs from those.
Decent international section (although, Wegmans always surprises me!
Remove common indexes of array I have some indexes that I need to remove from main array.
I love Myles Nails and the other review was not deserved.
We visited one of the tables and E selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.\n\nThis place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.
For only compiling part you can use following changes in the Makefile After this you need to make changes in linking of the object files to generate the final executable file.
My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices.
Sesame Inn was the place we went when we wanted Chinese food when I was growing up in Pittsburgh.
Not sure if they have improved things or we just hit it on a good night.
For HTTP as far as I understand are two ways to store data belonging to a client and bring some kind of state into a otherwise stateless Browser-webcontainer-connection: 1) Data stored in cookies on the client-side - or 2) A session ID stored in a cookie and the associated data stored in a webcontainer on the server-side.
They offer a free breakfast in the morning which is always great as well.\n\nThe next time I am in the Pittsburgh area I will be returning.
I don't think it works with any of the other UTF formats.
Only wish there were bathroom facilities near the entrance to the trails.
Can anyone explain where I need to put &amp; in the URL to successfully make the request?
And the charred sourdough served with the cioppino was the perfect complement to soak up all of the delicious, savory flavors of the broth without becoming a soggy mush!
Edit: When using standard partition method and 3 threads When using my partition method and 3 threads So the results shows that ForkJoin works well for standard partition method, but not well for my partition method.
Cant push to stack, mips I am just trying to print this 'a' to screen, but by first pushing to stack so that I can check whether I did accomplish on pushing to stack or not, seems that I couldn't because it prints a weird character everytime.
I really have no complaints about the food, and it was cheap plus we had a coupon, making it even cheaper.
Themes have to declare their support for post thumbnails before the interface for assigning these images will appear on the Edit Post and Edit Page screens.
My kind of place.\n\nThey have 2 beers on tap as I recall, PBR and High Life.
I lived in Houston for nearly 20 years, and ate Chinese food all over that city, whose Asian population is among the most vibrant in the U.S.
\nThis Marriott will hold dear to me always and is worthy of your travel time relaxing time, and most of all your needs no matter to what extent.\nStop being so ridiculously spoiled and realize.
After a fairly long wait off to the side, one of our party went to the podium to ask about our table.
I spent less time wandering the exhibits of gemstones and preserved animals than I had spent with the art, but still recommend checking out the badass dioramas of North American and African wildlife.\n\nOverall, a worthwhile diversion on a larger scale than you'd expect in a city Pittsburgh's size, with a bonus museum in the price of your ticket.
If the result is fine then work with this plugin maybe resolve your problem on browser compatibility.
The only gripe I have about their decorations was that they had plates with Slytherin colors.
OTOH, they're probably just perfect for an embedded environment with no GPU or FPU!
Hands down best cornbread I've ever had.
On weekends it gets incredibly and uncomfortably packed.\n\nI also think it is totally awesome of them to be involve din RAIN's Amazing Bar Crawl which got the the 4th star in my book.\n\nOverall you won't be disappointed.
If you're looking for an honest mechanic to help your car last that much longer (as we all are), give Todd a call
If I save the last playerID and just use that, you get into the situation of player B starting a game after player A and all scores go to player A, or are lost for player A when player B starts.
They were not bite-sized and I've never had to cut calamari before.
when you use you will get this exception if value does not consist of an optional sign followed by a sequence of digits (0 through 9) Do a validation for inputs before proceed like below.
In the page I am setting values based upon the user role: The AJAX call is this: And the SetUser action: This works fine in that the Index method is fired with the chosen ID, but the page does not reload to be able to set the buttons.
Counters do not update This is a first for me.
This one has done a few rounds, so latest version below: The structure I do want is: I am not putting anything into childs at this point (childs because children seems to reserved, and while it might work, don't really want to try changing it when the code is already broken) , basically just adding an empty slot to put similar objects into as part of later processing.
You can get everything \""Carolina style\"" too if you're so inclined.
The first thing at the first entrance is Starbucks in a building designed to look like an old southern home.
I tried the following carts: PrestaShop, Zen Cart, Magento, getshopped and phpurchase.
will catch errors that are thrown by some other method, but it won't catch runtime exceptions, such as you are getting from the forced downcast.
How to serialize Out of the box bean We are developing web application using ADF.
The pizza is the best, but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well.
She always listened to what I wanted and I was always thrilled with what she did.
Our bill came to $120 with tip and it was absolutely worth it .\nThis is a great restaurant for a super special occasions and it is very private.Not to dressy and not too casual.\n Pick out a great bottle of wine or two and get ready to get your taste buds blown.\n Im pretty sure my boyfriend and i will be going back.
Rusty's is the kind of diner/hole in the wall joint that always serves consistency.
I've tried other more unique dishes like their Lamb Tagine which is slow cooked from 5am in the morning until served.
it should have the entries like please refer the links below
Shopping at Whole Foods this afternoon made us hungry and as we had no plans for dinner, my wife thought of Cafe Zinho, which is nearby.
It tasted like home-made Peruvian food, not that I've ever had Peruvian food, or been in the home of a Peruvian.
I am facing a strange problem.
Perfect for a larger group of people.
Is there an algorithm that deals with this type of problem or does it have a name.
The might be a solution for you.
I swim at this facility several times a week.
Then, I added a second button, which when clicked, adds another column to the underlying DataTable.
edits: By the way, no javascript solutions please, for accessibility reasons.
Shortly after the adoption, I received emails from a volunteer to check in and to inquire about how the dog and I were adjusting.
She was both nervous and excited, but she did a great job.
\nI have had the cheese burger which is good, better than fast food.
or is there a way to have Objective C make an NSDictionary and all its children mutable?
shrug I guess I could try and do child navigation, but that seems to glitch as well.
One way would be in the MyCell class.
No , you don't need to migrate these projects to Apache Flex.
Or is there maybe a some sort of tool or utility out there that can achieve something like a set of "shared overlays"?
I tried with $each statement but stuck with [object,object]looping.
There really are no limitations in it's skinning implementation, as it exposes the full capabilities of ASP.NET.
usually, when the DB upgrade is incremental, you could use an elegant : notice the absence of statements.
rails bundle install sqlite3 failed in kali linux Please help me to resolve this problem I use kali linux os!!
splitting on whitespace help However, this isn't: Any ideas guys?
Note that if were a reference type (a class) instead, then it would be the reference that was copied, not the values within it...
Why I was thinking of this..
And on execution, I don't see any contents of the table view - table is blank.
Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.
bootstrap accordion content very long I have bootatrsp accordion in my site.
It was a great date night!
\n\nThe only negative thing is that most of the bikes in the yard have been picked clean, probably by Sam himself, but that's how he makes his money, for what he has in his barn the prices are very fair, a $45 seat from a 33 year old cycle wont be taped up or missing half a hinge.
I also thought the staff was extremely helpful and the actors at the theater were really impressive.
I bring in pictures of hairstyles I want, and she does a good job for -- get this - $20.
With interfaces, all fields are automatically public, static, and final, and all methods that you declare or define (as default methods) are public.
It tasted very fresh and well cooked, but pub food is rarely worth getting too excited about.
That's how you tempt folks into gettin' a little culture.\n\nThe other half star knocked off because the security guard followed us around like he thought we'd stolen his puppy.
Not sure how they are owned by the same people as Soba (I mean, obviously different chefs) but usually the same owner means similar quality and price, no?
Or some other way to bubble the exception up so I can see what it is and deal with it appropriately?
Client.js Server.JS The server cannot seem to be able to read it, i believe that i cannot call the variable like that.
Here is the proguard.cfg First, I thought activities can´t be obfuscated because of the reflection call I've tried to add: But it does not solve the problem.
my suggestion is: just keep codding the way it is, until a problem rises or an extremely need for the change appears.
Strange oscillating ripples in my shallow water implementation I've been trying to implement the shallow water equations in Unity, but I've run in a weird bug.
Place is a total dive but that's part of it's charm.
If the memory on one machine cannot hold enough records, a memory cache grid or cluster component comes in handy like Memcached or Reddis, EhCache , etc.
Here's a sample of how you might do it using the annotations:
Pizza delivery and 7/11 also walking distance.
I currently have code that allows users to annotate images (jpg, png) using the TouchesMoved and TouchesBegan events on a UIView.
Lots of stuff, great selection of vinyl.
Friendly, efficient, and willing to go the extra mile to accommodate personal needs in my case.
This is a very Java-esque way of doing this.
C compiles down to machine code and doesn't require any runtime support for the language itself.
So, for example if you wanted an appetizer of the crab cakes it was an additional $4.00.
This is up there in my top 5 thrift stores.
Lettuce, tomato, appropriate condiment and meat.
And then call unselect to manually remove the placeholder.
Thanks alvas for summing it up so nicely, this would help other people too.
\n\nWhile Pamela's serves up the amazing thin crepe-like pancakes, The Dor-Stop serves up the fluffy equivalent.
This is very similiar to a southern style BBQ serve yourself resteraunt.
That's almost over 100 years ago.
Apparently it was a neighborhood hangout for them when they were kids so they have a sentimental attachment to the place...
Not the best I've ever had but solid.
on the weekends it can get packed...
Equivalent R script for repeated measures SAS script, nested design I'm having trouble converting an SAS script to the corresponding R script.
It's the best fast food joint besides In and Out, however, I think that if there was a Bojangles in Cali, I'd be alllllllllll over it.
On a busy night, it is harder for them.
keeps pointing at and then gives me compile errors, I guess because there is still an old copy of Jekyll installed.
Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair.
A small pile of pistachio cream sat next to it looking like wasabi and the \""pickled ginger\"" was really thing slices of cantaloupe.
I would like this but without month, just year.
One for each Super Bowl we've exceeded the Cardinals by.
Fluent Nhibernate fails during insert I have problem using Fluent Nhibernate, I have following model.
Daemon that monitors a 'queue' and runs commands, asynchronously I know this has been asked before, but I can't figure out a particular piece of the puzzle and would really like any help on this!
my header-files (.h) are too large to render the 3d model in opengl es 2 Im trying to render different 3D-models in open-gl ES 2.
Code snippet is as following for mongo javascript script:
Just wanna click on the Row and compare the string in the Row.
But I still have to ask would this dish not be better if ALL the components were excellent?
I declared two local string variables, and .
Now, imagine this particular object is rotated randomly across all three axis randomly.
She is quick, friendly and makes you feel really comfortable.
If that's not the route you want to take then use an NSNotificationCenter and addObserver in view controller A and postNotification in view controller E.
Great breakfast , clean rooms and a respectable work out room .
Non camel case to Camel Case in python 3?
Not only is it delicious, they have dim sum 11am-3pm EVERY day!
First Monday Search StackOverflow for many questions and answers on finding the first Monday of a week.
This would not work in an asynchronous case, Then you need callback functions, or instead returning a deferred, promise or future.
This is our second time eating here and it has been fabulous both times.
I've been there at least 6-7 times, never a bad experience.\nDISLIKED that the bathroom is hard to find without asking.\nPERFECT hangover food.
But to be fair, I will round up to 4.
error: expected expression before ‘if’ Here is my code, I don't know where I'm wrong and what is "expression"?
All indications are that I have not set up Paypal correctly so that it knows I want it to send an IPN notification during the transaction.
But anyway thanks of your attention to my problem and thanks for the clues you wrote, it save me somehow, give me the idea to trace it up.
NTPLib Time Difference + Python while using ntp time, (UK) it always returns one hour less than the actual time.
here i will remove duplicate for so remove
But i am not able to select any row in the tableView i.e., didSelectRowAtIndexPath is not called.
I want a seperate class for each filetype like PdfType and WordType that inherit from a FileTypeMaster.
When paying over 200 for dinner for 2 I would like my lemon please.
Watch the result in fullscreen to see, that there is no space anymore between the columns.
Strolling through Pridefest the other day we became very hungry.
We stayed until they (almost) tossed us out.
My husband's corned beef was an interesting mix of fresh corn beef with a spicy kick and firm potatoes - a winner.
Is there a WPF Control that can display my overview ?
But anyway.) So here is what I've written so far: The 'add' anchor works as expected.
The way Bado's is talked about and with this prime location, I imagined it to be more modern.
Metcalfe's is what all supermarkets should aspire to be.
Another five-star review, this one from a newbie.
I would change from to .
Spicy, spiral noodles in a lightish cheese sauce.
For example, the 200x200 pixel image I use has 40,000 pixels.
Although one thing I didn't like was definitely the lack of a mini-fridge.
That's intentional, to distinguish the records from a row of a 2d (ordinary) array.
It might be easier if you think of the comma-expression list you present like this: First the innermost comma-expression is evaluated: That expression will be evaluated in two steps: The result of will be thrown away by the compiler, but the assignment still happens , it's just that the returned result is thrown away.
There is no place like Pamela's, anywhere.
Once the file is processed, then I'd like to resume all the threads again.
You've completely missed the step of actually creating an Excel spreadsheet containing your data (which is probably 80% of the work here).
I don't want to outlet up 28 different UITextField's.
Problem : the textarea still has the focus so the value is not updated.
Using this custom framework allows us to make very customized forms by using some html and a little javascript.
in short, a diagram could be:
I have shopped around and I have found some code which seems to be executing the file but I can't seem to extract the data being output, but I am unsure if this is correct.
Then the recursive call stack unwinds.
It's not that much to shake a stick at, but their great at what they do and they're rather kind.
Generally by convention you wouldn't choose a list or a tuple just based on its (im)mutability.
With both of the above in place, and you still you do not see the messages, make sure you are running the same server/database/owner version of the procedure that you are editing.
Is it top of the line?
Our very knowledgeable, upright waiter prattled off a series of specials and toppings of the day with juicy detail, but I all heard was 'something unbelievably amazing' followed by 'something else equally amazing'.
They had some sort of rapper or hip hop artist staying in the room next to mine.
I exploded the war to a directory with the "jar xvf" command and reran the same command on that folder: This created all of the reports.
There are different possibilities of implementing a threading system for a virtual machine.
There are also free weights and other equipment available as well.
At the very least, is there a reason why no binding error is thrown?
I am thrown with the error "button element is undefined/null".
\n\nThe bed: Too hard, for one thing.
We arrived around 7:30 and it wasn't crowded so we took a couple of seats at the bar.
While intended to be useful as-is, it also serves as an experimental proving ground for classes that may be eventually incorporated into java.time.
Both were delicious and came with carrots, celery, and ranch free of charge!!\n\nMy mom's mushroom chicken wrap was huge and delicious, and her sweet potato waffle fries were great.
Javascript drop list with images I found this on one of the subjects: I would like to ask how to alert(path) after choose the image from drop list.
Although I'm not sure I would recommend it if you're working were there's no bathrooms.
Everything tasted like it was made from scratch.
I got the regular size and the piece of fish I got was enormous.
They load the burrito up with toppings and they don't charge extra for guac (YES!!).
Purposefully exiting process for a dyno restart on heroku I've got a phantomjs app ( running on heroku - it works well for some time but then I have to run because it requests start timing out.
Your question is answered in section 7.9.6 of the C# specification: If an operand of a type parameter type T is compared to null, and the runtime type of T is a value type, the result of the comparison is false.
My wife had a spicy chicken burrito, and my grilled fish tacos were fresh and full of flavor.
Not impressive on outside but staff is awesome and food is some of the beat around.
The page is simply supposed to take a document's id, the document itself, package it up into form data and send it off to the server(with a token for authentication).
Has anyone else run into this problem?
No one is rushed out the door, and there almost always seems to be a little room for your studies or conversation.
and the user can go in there and insrert his code and if it is correct you can give him whatever you want.
I really enjoyed it, and I appreciated the way that our server took care of us by letting us sample it and sharing his opinions before we made our selection.
Awesome service, food very good, but a tad salty for my taste.
Looking forward to the next visit!
to pass it as parameter I need to declare it with a template parameter which would be itself .
Currently I pass a hardcoded path to the -configuration parameter in the launcher .ini file to define the location where this folder for the "configuration area" should be located.
After the transpose, you can crosstab into a form that contains the products as headers and the dates and comments as individual rows.
RequestScope() and Kernel.Get<> in Ninject If I define a binding in ninject with , and then call on that type outside of a request what will the scope of the resolved object be?
Do I need to create a trigger that calls a stored procedure?
It was delicious and also very filling.
The documentation says that it's an 8-byte value.
What's not to love?\n\nWe made reservations, but the bar upstairs was cooler so we went upstairs instead.
Sure, it's not exactly a \""Mediterranean\"" restaurant, but who cares?
The location is pretty nice and we were able to take a walk around the block afterwards to help digest (why the hell is 7th street totally paved over into some 5 lane highway...
I'm trying to use stream context's with it and have a few questions.
Also, just so you will feel at home, Haskell has significant indentation!
The format of the value you are passing into the constructor of the is invalid.
I've been wanting to try this place for years and finally made it.
If a collection is capped: If a collection is not capped, the "capped" key will not be present.
Lengua is Spanish for delicious, so that's why I always get two lenguas because that's double the awesome (lengua is actually Spanish for tongue, but I find lengua makes for some of the best tacos; super savory and always tender).\n\nTake a fresh tortilla, warm it up on the grill, and top it with a pile on the lengua.
Came in for brunch today and had a very nice experience.
I am trying to understand the capabilities of Fabric8's container management.
Todd is a great mechanic good person!
I'm accessing it by referencing to the drawn one using it's children (getParent() method).
He had a lot of fun with that.
The comparison relies on the bash extension (also available in other modern ksh-derived shells) to avoid the need for quoting.
Use to arrange to get control at the time to do the reminder.
The same also goes for smoking.
I have been there multiple times but this is my first review of the place.
The pizza is the best in the area--exquisite crust, nice ingredients.
as is possible with EJBs using RMI or IIOP under the hood) then yes it can be done.
If you like hot make sure you get the after death roll with an habenero sauce.
whatever value passed to url using get method to add in my new url.
Don't worry about the object file name, that's just a temprary name created by the compiler to pass to the linker.
I have crazy thick hair, and they did it perfectly in about a half hour, shampooing for free.
We were seated right away and the game atmosphere was great with many televisions so you don't have to worry about where you are seated.
You code can be improved like this.
Spring JPA 2.0 Repository / Factory not working I'm trying to implement a custom java Spring JPA repository, as described in the Spring documentation .
Regardless, you may want to make a reservation before visiting.
Personally I have to say the Water Boiled Beef is both the best Water Boiled Beef I've had in Pittsburgh and also the best dish I've had at China Palace, I like all my spicy dishes with extra spicy.
I managed to show the and the with this function: The only problem is that it returns all the subcategories on the the same : what I would like to obtain is count the subcategories and if the result is more than 4 return the other items in the second and third column.
Google seems to not help much on this one, unless I'm searching the wrong keywords.
Check this: If it's OK, then drop and add
While nothing to write home about, it's not bad by any means.
Save your dinner rolls to mop up the delicious juice!
That's pretty much the way I'd also do it.
By creating 2-tuples of the form (key, value) we can then simply call dict() on it to get a dictionary.
I know That it is going through the defroutes in the landing.clj file, because the address bar shows , when I load .
NumberFormatException when form is submited to spring controller In my current spring project, when I try submit this form: to this entity class: I am getting this error: ANyone can see what's wrong here?
If you want to pre-compute a (non-changing) value and distribute it to all task managers (I assume you need access those value in some operators), you can simple give those value via constructor parameters to your UDFs or use Flink's broadcast variables:
The wait was torturous at the Dor-Stop too...however, it was a holiday so I suppose i understand.
Good luck - it's a headache :)
\n\nWe started with the chips and salsa and they were classic.
The trouble is that only 2 out of these 3 properties can be chosen.
I can appreciate that they're good, but I wouldn't order it much.
To download the data, simply create a hyperlink to for example: To create the plot, the client calls and passes as the argument value for the data frame.
The sushi is some of the best in Charlotte and the they have a good wine list.
Regardless, you can get around this by passing into , and calling instead.
move the first further right to )
Which padding and margin do you want remove?
cause TouchUtils.clickView(InstrumentationTestCase test, View v) would only simulate the user click in the center of the screen ...
They also have very nice lighting in here, not too bright, not too dark, just right to add in a little romantic kick.
kind of a hole in the wall?
I completely trust them to be honest and do the best job possible.
After removing the line it ran fine, and in all of the browsers.
(I like the faces of the patrons already there hearing them call out my fav's..
JSON Mapping in my Spring MVC 3.2 Application Works for Only One of My Methods I am working on a Spring 3.2 MVC application.
Does this phone have a location API?
They refilled our coffee, checking on our food, did we need anything else?
I have not been dissatisfied, even when I returned with a concern of the work they had performed, they've made it right each time.
Even if the scripters are trusted and even if they can only harm themselves with a scripting error, a more constrained scripting environment would be easier for them to use and easier for you to support.
Im not the biggest coffee connesieur but it tastes good.
But I have another requirement to ONLY authorize some users to START/STOP jobs.
There really isn't much to do in Chambana on a Monday night...
This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.\n\nThe seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.\n\nI had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50.
Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
Some Hardware Vendors have there own capture programms, but most of them just use DirectShow.
You can sit anywhere you like, and we chose a booth against the wall.
They are italian leather and SO beautiful.
instead of the heart so there has to be some mistake.
I'd love to know where they get it from as I can't imagine they bake it there, but maybe they do!
If the function finds the module and returns a Loader object, the Loader object should define a function This method returns the loaded module or raises an exception, preferably ImportError if an existing exception is not being propagated.
Here is my code from the Employee class.
The coffee was better than average (which must be pretty damn good because I can't taste quality coffee).
Drop a file from resources to a folder So I'm using: Which suppose to enter the folder "bin" and than drop the file .
You have to print the bacause have original array value not index.
Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that.
When the kernel outputs a partial message (by passing a string to that does not end with a newline), the logging system will buffer the text until the rest of the message arrives.
Please give this place a try if you're looking for the best and freshest coffee around!
Safety is their highest priority you are learning in a controlled environment .\n\n****ALSO for those who find it difficult to find what I do is look for the large white Inner Peaks van that is almost always parked out front - turn in there and drive to the back of the parking lot.
So I'll have to do some slow, painful process of elimination work to figure out what's going wrong.
That was a pleasant difference from most of the others who came in.\n\nThe second was how long the company had been around.
There is a nice selection of wine available to purchase so you don't even have to go out.
I'm new to opencv and I'm trying to train a simple (and surely weak) cascade classifier to detect an object.
Noting that I had ordered soy milk hot chocolate, she advised that the teriyaki tofu meal is prepared with a small amount of dairy.\n-Staff brought water to a puppy who was sitting outside with his humans.
FQL- the Facebook Query Language still works, but is largely being deprecated.
How to deal with a Class generated exception from within Main I'm having some trouble getting my head around how best to solve this situation (mostly due to lack of experience I think).
For simple stuff you can use SharedObject
This should do it: If your 'number' is always separated by whitespace ( where there 00 after ZTFN isn't) then you can use that as your test:
The convention center is probably underutilized.
If you want html within php, best way is to separate html and php like, If there is small html within php then you can do like, If there is mixing of lot of html and php, then use heredoc,
While You can use Instead of
To test it out, I wrote a simple app, that creates a DataTable and adds some data to it.
Heck yes and they sit right on top.
I have written a program already to calculate and plot the solution to a 2nd order differential equation (this code is given below).
Why whenever I'm sending a mock GPS signal the emulator crashes?
In fact, her thorough and enthusiastic descriptions of each course (including each cocktail and cheese) were a highlight of the meal.
How it would be stored in memory?
Requires: It may be considered a hack to use the enum integer value but this example will still let you parse out all the Enums (for any other use like switch case) with little tweaks.
The Jambalaya is second to none.
I'm worried about this vulnerability: CWE-306: Missing Authentication for Critical Function How anyone could call my public methods, even if I use keyword?
You need to fire the event on the form element itself, not on a jQuery selection.
If not, please post the possible error messages and warnings that you get.
The actual problem is in your method - all the single-threaded CPU utilization you are seeing is actually happening in there, after the multiplication is already complete.
My coworker highly enjoyed the buffalo chicken sandwich.
I think it's possible, and I asked because it happened to me a few hours ago (before i find a better way to send my data in one time instead of sending it in a while), I was sending my data in a loop, but when I checked if the DATA was stored properly a little part of my 10 requests were just ignored...
The auth controller login function has all that logic, and then simply $this->load->view('auth/login_form', $data);
You do have to check for an existing object because every object in the Core Data stack is utterly unique.
I'll go with the pizza and the yogurt.
So I guess my question is: When an HTML 5 page is online, does it use the offline cache if a dependency already exists in the HTML5 offline cache?
recursive attempt to load library - What does that mean in android?
There was a little bit of a wait, but they were very busy.
The only way I can think of a possible solution is for when a user inserts a new post, this deletes the key, and when the all posts is viewed again this is when the key gets set again.
A simple table looks like this: Now I'm adding another field to the end, it will be a comma separated list of values.
I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.
This is no Joe's, Legends, or Brothers.
Is there any way to accomplish this?
There are $3 fire sale specials every night of the week as well.
When it run, I got below message: Fatal signal 11 (SIGSEGV) at 0xe480001d (code=1), thread 5465 And finally here is my codes: And on the Java side:
I recommend it any day of the week!
Makes me feel a bit relaxed....
I have not had better wedding soup in the city.
This could be to avoid breaking comparability with other components, or to avoid exposing either data or implementation details that may change in the future, just to mention a couple of admittedly vague and abstract examples.
The entrees are fine, but nothing special.
The answer to your question is that Objective-C does not have a direct equivalent of annotations as found in Java/C#, and though as some have suggested you might be able to engineer something along the same lines it probably is either far too much work or won't pass muster.
I hope this makes sense for you.
So far I got this: - matches a number containing six digits.
\n\nAll in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.
\nI usually get Papa Johns large pineapple for 5 bucks, but it gets old.
Ok, just to dispel any misunderstandings, this isn't true \""soul food\"" - it's great southern cooking.\n\nWe have been here three times since living in Charlotte and continue to come back for more.
They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)
So, I would suggest go there early in the morning or late in the evening but then if you are bringing along your little ones you run into problems with daycare after nursery is closed.
I found the problem, I had specified the index in the server box on sense.
You use only from inside controllers and/or models.
I might have simplified my example a little to much.
edit : even GCC doesn't let you do this!
Probably not the most popular past time, but you can't knock it until you've tried it!
I follow what I think are the necessary steps via KML Network Link instructions.
Plus you can bring your own snacks!
I think your is when passed to .
Update : I Tried this to move image from one place to another.
Any ways to optimize the code performance?
For $2 extra you could substitute a specialty hotcake.
The manager came right over at that point and said that he'd follow up and take the charge off our bill.
Basically, when you update your , it is firing an event, which is been caught by the Table, which is trying to update itself, but the models state is in flux and does not make sense to the table...
The TV in the room was set up to attach a PC/game system/DVD player.
Actionmailer Rails 3 I have added a contact form to my site and am having a problem, when the message is sent I get my flash message, "successfully sent", however the email never arrives in my inbox.
\n\nNote that this place does not offer takeout.
I think this is the solution for you: Let us know if it helps
If so, this place was straight out of Valkenvania.
This is a good beginning, but you don't want to apply REST operations on your entities directly.
I had the spicy basil noodles with broccoli, onion, button mushrooms, baby bok choy, orange peel, sesame seeds and fried egg ($17).
If you are into happy hours and/or lunch specials at bars on random weekdays, this place is THE BOMB.
But there are two main issues with this: Once I've pressed enter and a cell has been edited.
Can someone recommend a fast unix-based utility (ideally written in C) for getting efficient, streaming intersection/union of tab-delimited text files?
On my first time here, I sat down and waited to be served -- they won't come.
The database may only be allowing access from certain machines.
For example, let's imagine a lottery, where the prize money is split into ranges; Numbers 01 - 10 = $5.
The Dor-Stop is almost always packed with customers, and for good reason.
OMB's Dunkel on tap, along with the big hits - Franziskaner (light AND dark, huzzah), Bitte burger, Warsteiner, Weihenstephaner.
A few minutes later someone from the kitchen came over and asked me if I was allergic to onions (which I am not).
I don't think I would have stumbled upon this place just upon chance.
As you see at the end of the document replaces the checkboxes on the page by div's that are "slideable" This works great, only when I load another page trough ajax, other new checkboxes do not get replaced.
In all honesty it can be a little hit or miss.
Re-naming the files is what i cant manage to figure out.
I would be very grateful for some input on how to solve this.
I edited them out in the fiddle.
HtmlAgilityPack - How to get the tag by Id?
But not their fault because they seem to overbook themselves to the point of having customers wait for a while at the upstairs bar.
In my 'DictionaryTableViewController: UITableViewController' class I define the below variables: In 'viewDidLoad' I have: This is the basic structure of the JSON file that I am pulling in from NSBundle So now when I go style the tableView cell I believe that is what is causing this error: Command failed due to signal: Segmentation fault: 11 While emitting SIL for 'tableView' at /Users/me/Desktop/.../DictionaryTableViewController.swift:70:14 As a warning I am just getting this issue after updating to xcode 7.3.
Tony is a fantastic sushi chef, and an extremely nice guy, to boot.
But i cannot figure it out :-( This is example of my async method.
\n\nThe only thing is the sanitation there is...questionable.
red peppers stuffed with goat cheese: to die for.
You're expecting to behave like this: You call .
Now instantiate an ant hill, but don't save it just yet.
this is my photoshop sketch: Sketch And this is what I have so far: Demo What should I try, read and investigate?
Ri Ra seems to be one of those places!
The cheesesticks are great when you're craving something cheesy and salty, and their grilled chicken salad with fries and ranch dressing is dependable as well.
Unfortunately she brought his salad at the same time, so he had plates all around him.
In that table, PS stores all information for an ordered product like product id, name, product purchased quantities etc etc.
The bread is all nice and toasty, and I swear there's some secret ingredient in there that is a magical a flavor booster, 'cause it's just SO delish!
Another solution is to use to display a progress page over the top of the Preparing to Install page.
The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, but I was shocked how fresh the food looked so I settled down to enjoy excellent cooked crab legs, cray fish, shrimp.
The food trumped the service but that's not to say the service was bad.
All the compilation, library linking, lint checking happens in stock ADT without the help of anything else.
If you want to round the border of divs, you should use some css code.
By this I mean would match àei but also äēì and possibly æi.
I really enjoyed the authentic Chinese food I had at lunch here.
They cleaned up my cuticles and dead skin so everything looks nice and smooth.
The food is the reason to go.
\n\nOverall, it was a pleasant stay and we would recommend it to our friends who would consider b&b in madison.
The small space is filled with lovely folks laughing, and sharing wine; eyes twinkling as they listen to the live music being played by the gentleman walking around strumming his guitar singing loudly.\n\nThe menu is simply simple Italian.
Our server was attentive all night, even though the restaurant was super busy all night.
I got up for a bit to eat dinner and that's it.
It's nice and simple, but a bit messy.
His daughter waited on us and she was fantastic.
It's likely that you'll screw up the number of dashes when you fix the numbers on each line, but then you'll realize how to fix the dashes easily.
This adds the ability for custom HTTPModules coded in .NET Managed code that can change the output of the response or in the case of elmah, give you logging details.
Since I always do what I'm told, I went with the Wiltshire Patty, a delicious brisket sandwich.
Don't let ordering at the counter put you off.
Can't say enough about how awesome this place is!
There are rocking chairs throughout which was a nice change of pace from your standard uncomfortable metal chairs.\n\nThere are also a ton of food options.
We love the supper club effect with the veggies out first.
Apparently it hangs on refresh something, the lower right corner tells you, what it's doing.
Here's the wheel itself, as you can see the values are spaced evenly, each having a 15 &deg; slice.
Also offers housewares, books and flowers, etc.\n\nSimilar to Dominicks' stores around Chicago.
$LinkingMode Values in Silverstripe Why use $LinkingMode in Silverstripe?
All I do know is that I have gotten my favorites here over and over without ever having any problems.
Try adding this piece of code to the top of your program this is from a textured cube program i wrote, you may already have some of these functions implemented, but from what i see you might be missing
I wanted to try the dirty rice and was told that I could substitute the regular rice in the Combo for dirty rice.
\n\nHaving said that I still order from here all the time so why would they change?
Can anyone please explain me what am i doing wrong and what the appropriate way to register WMI (c#) classes.
it was to do with the speed of things loading but when i do it this way even though there is a delay in loading the second stylesheet it still displays correctly after loading.
Hands down the best way to improve mental health: a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.
I came here for The Brothers of the Sun Tour I loved it.
I had the Gerber's Amish Farm Chicken Breast and it was cooked perfectly and delicious =]\n- Nice wine selection.
The error I get is I am confused by this error because I imitated a call to this same function from the old client software that works properly.
OK I found it, The error was the ColumnSeries was missing the Title attribute, like this: It seems that the Title attribute is mandatory.
The corresponding deallocator is the Dispose() function: This will make sure that all the compiler-managed fields of the record are disposed of correctly in addition to freeing the memory used by the record itself.
The inn is really lovely and it's a great if you want to try something new or different for brunch!\n\nService is impeccable and the whole atmosphere is just so elegant!
\n\nThe key lime pie is delicious and the legendary hot chocolate cake melts in your mouth but the souffl\u00e9 for two is always a winner.
So when my gumbo came it tasted blah to me.
Use try/catch only for handling exceptions that are out of your control.
It's not good for your cholesterol level or your waistline, but it tastes like pure comfort.\n\nMost locations are great.
So basically your first 14 calls should go away, and you should put those field names in the SQL:
For no real reason and just out of curiosity, I wonder if there is a way to have the rows to have different types.
For my money, there is no steakhouse as consistently outstanding as The Capital Grille.
If it fails, penalty time is still running.
I have had a pleasant experience as far as the staff was concerned.
I am reminiscing about my favorite haunts in the burgh.
bootstrap CSS @media not working in laravel I am a newbie in Laravel.
I'd like to create a page that is an archive of all posts of a certain category - and show excerpts.
AdSupport.framework available only in iOS6+, so you won't be able to find it in XCode version prior to 4.5 UPD: According to AdMob 6.2.0 changelog: Required to use Xcode 4.5 and build against iOS 6.
Its got some kick, but a good kick :) Ohh, I almost forgot the complimentary appetizer that the chef sent out...
Yes, the signs may be confusing but the friendly staff is there to ease all concerns.
I cant figure out how to find a job that utilizes all proteins.
I'm not an expert in hard real-time scheduling, but this is what your algorithm sounds like to me.
Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings.
Their Restaurant Week menu is not very varied: they offer three steak entrees and one salmon dish.
The cocktail was strong but great.
I am always happy with the result.
I ordered a 60 minute IPA and a double-decker corned beef/pastrami Reuben.
If you look inside your project folder, you will find a folder named , move this folder to the of your web server, it should work fine.
I know next to nothing about Charlotte, North Carolina.
It's not the way to just set one field.
If they have it, the german chocolate cake is a total win.\n\nGo for al fresco dining if you can (weather permitting) - nothing like sitting outside and watching the sites of Uptown Charlotte.
Here is my list (updated for 1.0) :
Generally, roundoff errors are not deterministic, and if you have badly conditioned matrices, it can be it.
I am not sure that any other vet would have held me and said comforting things while I sobbed, taken phone calls from my friend, and provided such solid E for Effort.
Their food is amazing, best Chinese food I've had hands down.
I could use or to remove it, but that's a manual process.
It works fine but some time it shows the error Validation of view state MAC failed.
There were no surprises, and we left pleased with the whole transaction.\n\nI am glad we checked out this dealership - would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a Toyota vehicle.
I am only running one command which run a script file.
I can do it by calculating the height of each element * the number of elements but that's not very elegant at all.
Code review his stuff and have him code review yours.
Showing alert panel when inventory reaches critical I'm trying to show when an inventory is lower than critical.
If you are on windows use MinGW or like most have suggested ggo with GCC on Linux Though ofcourse since it's commandline so you might find Dev-C++ and/or Code::Blocks, Eclipse CDT etc which are IDEs useful for you to make your job simpler.
I honestly thought i could handle it, and for the most part i did..
Here is my widget code: How can I change this script so that it will count the past 7 days rather than posts from last Monday?
Our rooms were cleaned every day and there are very few places that allow dogs - and they do!
I used to order from this place at least once a week when I had my project in Charlotte.
Fortunately, I had just enough quarters in my wallet to cover my small purchase here today.
The Battle For Sicily consisted of 6 hard weeks of land combat pushing the Axis Army into Italy.
First, it automatically chomps $/ (the input record separator) when used with -n or -p.
Next is the small chilled garden salad served with a pink creamy dressing.
I would have guessed the water temp to be around 76 degrees F that day.
Some local and others more niche.
I think of this as the equivalent of a SQL inner join.
The airport in general gets a solid 3 stars (A-Ok)...
We enjoyed the hot and cold appetizer towers at his recommendation for the table.
I'm writing a script that need that executes some paralleled ajax requests.
But i dont want to edit magento's core code, I would like to override from my custom module.
The decor isnt anything special but I hardly noticed.
You should probably first check if it is not a case issue: STATS vs Stats ...?
I liked the atmosphere in the dining area with tv's mounted throughout the restaurant.
Very progressive menu but not too wild, products are from near area farms, very knowledgable staff.
If you want a sloppy concession stand type sandwich this isn't the place for you.
The burritos get to be pretty big and filling and the salads (my wife had the salad) is also large.
There are some kernel threads that do only kernel tasks, but also user-space threads also run in kernel space to run the OS code.
I was missing the Accept Header.
They look to have renovated the place, and Darren said the bathrooms were much nicer this time around.
Files get uploaded on http server, for downloading and uploading I am using NSURLConnection.
Then do the verify on the mock.
Don't worry if your kid spills fried rice all over the floor.
The tickets table and customer_notes table have no reference at all - they are totally separate.
\nThe BEST part of the day was the atmosphere.
I continue to think that the Piccola Gusta lunch menu is a real value and has some really delicious options, but I would have dinner just to try those little candies they offer at the end of meal at dinnertime again - they are a cross between maple sugar and caramel, so good they're worth a star all by themselves.
If both return empty QVariant (as they should) assertion succedes, thus providing some level of error-checking even in case of no rows after currently inserted.
The cake is also FABULOUS - seriously, the best white almond cake that I have ever tasted.
What does fragmented memory look like?
So is it okay to use lists, tuples, dictionaries in a pseudocode, even if they are not common to all programming languages?
The waitresses are always friendly, and have picked my friends up with dignity every time they've fallen off their bar stools.
Now getting access to the DOM HTML is easy, But I am having real trouble finding a way to get at the source.
I should have left this review back in November when I stayed here with my parents - every time I look through our vacation photos I think about how much fun I had showing them Madison...
How to properly InsertAllOnSubmit() and is that better than looping InsertOnSubmit()?
Join the beer club, and get free beer, shirts, mugs, and a plaque on the wall, just for trying new & different beer!
If needed - I use DRF generic views.
Searching a custom list view in android?
I came here initially seeking Sriracha, but unfortunately, this location did not carry it.
What is the good way to do that?
My only complaint is the burgers could use a more robust bun...
thanks to @BMH, this is what worked :
If not, how to determine if current build is compiled as debug or release?
So if you put all the pieces of the puzzle together, you should get something like this :
Because my experiences during recent visits have been positive, I am hoping that the 4 stars will stick this time.\n\nOne of Soba's consistent strengths is its ambiance.
You don't see that in New York.
Overall a must-visit if you're making some Mexican.
I almost feel like if I came in sweatpants and a t-shirt that I would be under-dressed to get groceries.\n\nWhole Foods ain't got nothing on Metcalfe's (leave my double negative alone).
In order to ensure that your messages are separately added, you must have an external synchronization like this: Here the whole sequence of calls is synchronized, so you will have the whole message appended at once.
It has this cavernous feel(in a good, cozy romantic way--not a dank, moldy creepy way) with nice lighting and just all around nice ambiance.
This is what I used and it helped.
You have lots of dining options in the Strip.
One of my co-workers had the shrimp, crawfish, and chicken etouffee, and the other got the princess cut Cajun barbecued pork chop.
In general, Complexity can be reduced by abstracting your repetitive code into reusable, easily-maintainable components .
I had the chance to try this place out and I have to say I was instantly impressed.
The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!!
The sushi is very good and the sushi chef is great.
But being very nice, it is average.
What do you mean with ?
Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.
Sometimes parking is kind of an issue during busy periods, but it's worth it.
I can't stress enough how amazing Walter and his team are.
You are missing an include file
Shopify - Untrusted Connection on App Instal I am working on a new app and am installing it manually by typing the URL into my web browser.
It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.\n\nI always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza.
At the price of this bread it shouldn't be burnt and it never was when you could see it before you got it home.
The group was very talented and hilarious, so I'll for sure be back for them!\n\nEven if the improv hadn't rocked, there's still karaoke after!
StringTokenizer treats consecutive delimiters as a single delimiter.
Deactivate line feed with css of tag p Hello I'm defining a css style and I have a problem with the tag p.
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and both had the omikase.
\n\n\n*Best tip about this place: Follow the water marks....
I need to of each in 1 second after on it.
Is there a way to display webdriver instance on iframe site I'm stuck on how can I open the instance of webdriver on my html page using java.
image existing on but not on www.website.com I uploaded an image earlier today and it works fine so long as i do not type www into the URL in front...
arm-none-eabi-g++ calling globral constructor I am trying to port c++ application to arm board with gcc tools (using RTOS).
My main course was the aged filet with the black garlic sauce.
The Rodeside Grill resembles a log cabin style fort from the outside.
I succeeded in building version 1.8 (using the hack from here: But unfortunately version 1.8 lacks JSON support and apparently that came into existance with version 1.8.1.
I hope they get more business since this is a great independent restaurant that deserves to thrive.
I have performed the steps in the Walkthrough, except for the process template.
I always order the filet mignon medium rare, while my husband will change up what he gets.
And this will propagate all the way up to the root folder which is probably not what you want.
But the error continues to show.
I'm looking at, a maximum nearly 5,000 individual datas with at least 3 table attributes to be displayed in each row of the listview.
use property of css instead of , and give some for your list.
Its objects cannot magically transport themselves to your process.
Up to you to decide, I hope this was useful
You also could specify a URL (which should return a JSON array of models) on your collection and then do window.Contents.fetch().
My wife insisted on going to Eat'n Park on our trip to Pittsburgh.
It's slower with wing night; only 2 servers for the whole place.\n\nDefinitely go here for the Codfather and the veggie wrap.
The service had that nice balance of friendliness and professionalism.
They do have an ATM inside for your convenience.
The food was amazing with cheese plates, bread and side for the bread basket, meatball appetizer, cowboy steak with gorgonzola, and the halibut.
I wish I could remember his name.
(that I know of).....I hope I get to stay in Pittsburgh long enough just to take advantage of this co-op.
I mainly visit the bar at CQ and I can only come up with positive comments.
This place might beat out trader joe's for me for regular grocery trips, when I have to buy like, lettuce, and shampoo.
as I am running past them on the people mover.
Tasty and free slivers of love to go with your meal.
I have two radio buttons setup where you can either choose: No End Date Choose a series of date and time options which are concated into start and end dates and times.
If you wish to question or dispute this result, please click here.
Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was.
As I learned cron will look for files and write files in whatever directory it happens to be in while bashing and that can get EXTREMELY confusing if that is a different directory from where you normally type from the terminal.
Most importantly it's away from the noise in the evening.Walk one block to all of the bars on the ave or Epic center.
They make many of the ingredients on their property (fresh maple syrup anyone?).
The form gets empty and i have to fill it in all over again.
Your right in the middle of it all!
Can any one tell me how do convert it using java.
Tawlk/osae - A python library for sentiment classification on social text.
The service and ambiance is great.
Use of different object properties for same function In the avatar generator I'm working on I have several button events that do the same thing but with different body parts.
Here's my code so far: This is my widget.h file: And here's the implementation of the Widget class: It runs but when the button is clicked, nothing happens.
We assumed that it would be full of guys at the bar or something.
She loves the penne ala vodka, made with pepper vodka!
I've read a lot about this, but nothing has worked.
for breakfast on a Sunday (which really isnt bad).
Fast changing, multi-user applications - use administration backends.
Note: I add all the elements by programmatically.
Why is it that I can access the protected member actionId (contained in the base class MyAction ) of the instance of MyAction1 ?
Then when you initialize the you can set the mapping for each managedObject you have.
You can set these headers: Source: <a href="
The limit is around 10 minutes but it may depend on other factors too.
Ask for extra crunchy fries because they tend to be soft, not crispy.
I've read through some of the documentation and came accross: KnowledgeArticleViewStat Provides statistics on the number of views for the specified article across all article types.
And you'll need to check another review for latte frappa cappuccino.
\n\nThe waiting room is very large and has regular size chairs as well as a few small benches.
Question : What should I test first ?
A fragmentActivity is not a fragment.
And how can I access the $scope.products from outside the service function?
Paint CMU walls, hanging framed wall art....random art at that but that's ok.
SQLite Select Statement - Where two conditions are met?
Therefore I would like to access the element at , but the interface doesn't allow me to.
I read some complaints about the parking, but we didn't find that to be much of a problem for us.
To do this with multiple images you need to run though an function.
So, the jquery function that I have for become a input in span is: And the ng directive that I have used is: ng-change : The method is: And the input that must changes is: But it does not works, so, how I can solve that ??
Particular examples are arrays and strings (C++ and save you a lot of work), smart pointers (you can't really do "smart pointers" as such in C.
To open in new tab: Also from the doc.
A single machine can contain multiple CRTs either in the system folder on in application installation path.
Service was slow that night but the food made up for it!
Ditto for our pantry--It was getting a little shy on the fine imported pastas, biscottis, etc.
I have not installed the Windows 7 SDK, as Microsoft suggests might be the issue .
Here is a snippet of my xaml
I had the Vegetarian Thali, which kind of gives you the experience of eating buffet even when the buffet isn't open.
The ^ and $ are included as that seems to be recommended practice to prevent malicious extras being appended.
Select range cells with blank rows I've been having difficulties with figuring out how to code this select range macro to include blank rows.
You'd be surprised the crowd you get here on any night of the week.
They will not over charge you!
It comes with ciabatta bread slices that you can dip into the mussel sauce for an extra treat.
The patio area was charming and a great place for early morning coffee or late afternoon chats.
The data of columns D and E needs to be updated for that row in the tableA.
Lo and behold, your admission ticket to one gets you into the other at no charge, and they're connected so you don't even have to go outside.
I saw a few fun bands while I was there and the sound was great.
We were seated on the top level, which was quite nice because it was quiet and there were only a few other tables aside from ours.
Nobody wants to be doing business at a body shop for the most part but these folks make it a pleasure.
Only purchased the glazed but if you heat it up it's oh so good.
I've been reading about bit twiddling hacks and thought, are compilers able to avoid branching in the following code: by replacing it with ( explanation ):
I heard so many good things about this restaurant and finally tried it!
I hate a burger that's all meat, Tessaro's is very balanced.
This Mortons is like most in other cities.
It's rich and exotic and mysterious and...
There are very few things more satisfying than a deep bowl of pho on a cold winter day.
Their sales could be a bit better, but that's not necessarily the store's fault, and it's never really worth the longer trip to the South Side to hit their main competitor's store.\n\nParking can be a bit annoying if you try to get a spot on the street, but the garage around the corner is convenient and is reasonably priced.
This is my impression upon entering Hartigan's.
But when your meal is less than $5 (with a drink, and fries), who's complaining?
Why and not just as a folder does not have a file extension ?
Reading over this answer, looks like you need TAP plugin to have the functionality of unit testing marking the build as unstable automatically
It might be the case that you also need to discard components that are inside the paper, but not in these examples by using this method (nevertheless, doing this step should be very easy especially because it can be done through OpenCV directly).
I would definitely eat here again and it's very close to the arena!
It is a little disappointing that they open for dinner so late.
EDIT: I did some review of the Java Language Specification and now i think about, whether i have a lack of understanding or this is a flaw in the compiler.
Cygwin is a Unix-like environment for Windows.
Hive : How to execute a query from a file and dump the output in hdfs I can execute a query from a sql file and store the output in a local file using Also, I can store the output of a hive query in hdfs using : Is there any way I can run the query from a sql file and store the output in hdfs too?
Thanks goes to @soulcheck and everyone else who took time to help.
(where abcdef are the characters to allow)
The brewery makes several excellent beers (they were rated as the #1 brewery in the US by someone, sometime).
The URI structure does not really mean anything to a REST client, since the client is concerned with machine readable stuff, but for developers it makes easier to implement the router, the link generation, and you can use it to verify whether you bound URIs to resources and not to operations like RPC does.
We began with the chicken Satay as an appetizer, so tender and yummy, Gulf of Siam with shrimp as the main course.
The table of advisors specified three columns above.
They should be able to communicate over network.
One very key difference between this and your version and my version is that my version is recursive .
Not a fan of their cookies, but hey everything else is very good.
[EDIT] Below is basically what I am trying to show: The place where I wrote , is where I woud like to show multiple radio buttons which should appear for each user , not for the whole form.
Then if you comment out: the event is not fired.
You should also check for other errors in your HTML by running it through the W3C Validator and fixing the errors it reports.
The coffee and pastries have always been pretty good.
My boyfriend and his mom do enjoy the chocolate, and I have to admit I was sucked in by the promise of \""lavender sea salt caramels\"" on a chalkboard outside.\n\nI was really amazed when I walked in.
I make it a point to walk down to suski Kim when I'm shopping in the strip district.
Translating cURL into Swift NSURLSession I am working with the Twilio API to perform a lookup with a phone number.
I usually get the vermicelli with a little bit of everything on top.
You're about 10 minutes away from deliciousness.
Generally, is only for old programs in FORTRAN 77 style.
And there it - of course - didn't get any notifications sent out in the "rosdb"-database and had a good connection.
For example, I keep configuration files for PMD and Checkstyle in etc.
The problem is, when I start moving, the distance does not seem to be updated, it gets updated but after moving 50meters, it says i have only moved 5 say.
Another plus is that it's open for lunch as well and offers a slightly cheaper selection.
\nMy wife and I really do like this place for its great food and for its character.
What I love most is the ambiance -- very modern and open.
Special mention; the Pan Fried Calamari with hot peppers ( that sure didn't last long!), the creamy Mashed potatoes (the best I've ever had), the Lobster and Crab Cakes and the Lobster Mac'N' Cheese (just divinely delicious!).
The Korean BBQ is buffet style, so you help yourself to the raw proteins and vegetables at the buffet bars and then cook them on your hot plate at your table.
If you are searching for a unique gift for the gardening friend, this would be an excellent stop.
Using a CPU at its maximum, a bad thing ?
I heard a saying that "if your private method is so complex that it needs a separate unit test, it often means that it deserved its own class", so how can we decide if a method is complex enough to have a separate unit test?
lwip tcp payload length is changing I am using lwip tcp for streaming data from sensor to a server program running in a PC(linux).My TCP_MSS is 1160, even though it sending packets of size 462,which is normal.
Python added a way to register custom import hooks.
How can I do it ?
The first was at the Pitt location, which has a better atmosphere in my humble opinion.
My own thoughts on some pseudo code would be a script that, when envoked from my HTML document would do something like
Lastly for birth month and year only, are these int or varchar if i store them in separate rows?
Always a good meal, and Love the weekend specials usually :) \n\nNever had a problem at all !
Oh, and awesome beer selection that is always changing.
You need the relative screen height in world coordinate.
You can try and then see if it updates it for you.
If that were to happen, you would not get an AV at the point of assignment, but would likely get a much worse and far more mysterious crash later in program execution because this string assignment to an uninitialized variable has altered memory somewhere else in your process inappropriately.
The first is a direct memory access from a CUDA kernel as follows: The other is through host code as follows: I was curious and checked the address values; the first gives something like , and the second is .
Compare the following two statements from the documentation: (taken from right beneath the lifecycle diagram) The and methods can be called multiple times, as the activity becomes visible and hidden to the user.
Shower drain kind of sucks but I can deal with that.
Instead I went inside and it was a no-man's land.
It's not huge like the Smithsonian, but it's certainly cool seeing real dinosaur bones.
The problem is that sometimes the android GC decides to destroy my singleton when the app in the background (when you press the home button).
Got done at the shooting range and, ready for a beer, headed to McHales Bar in Fort Mill.
The while loop will fail when the token is .
To draw multi line text with Snap.svg is a bit bother.
I went for a birthday and didn't know how the night would go, but after I walked in under that gleaming chandelier in the lobby I figured it'd be pretty fun and I was right.
Or is stack space not hugely limited on modern systems?
WordPress 301 Redirect Spaces to Hypens I have the following in my .htaccess file: The problem is that domain.com/entertainment/testing 1/ redirects to domain.com/testing-1 instead of domain.com/entertainment/testing-1/.
While the flavor on it wasn't that great, what I really loved about it was the textures that it provided.
PS: how to transfer punctuation mark use php?
Barrington's almost reminded me of Passion8 Bistro down in South Carolina, although, I would prefer to return to Passion8 Bistro because of their awesome food.\n\nI think Barrington's is a great restaurant for a special date night because of it's quiet and quaint atmosphere and attentive service.
I also learned that you can't secure anything into corner bead, which is why having a stud finder helps if you're looking to hang a 72\"" long roman shade.
\""If it isn't the greatest night...
Well this was an interesting problem and kept me guessing for a while...
(I have also never looked at that), houseplants and pots (they seem to have a decent selection from cheap plastic to expensive pottery) and a gardening section with seeds, tools, fertilizers, etc (this is the part I frequent and what I based my star rating on).
In my example on jsfiddle I want to understand how simply change value(for example ) Thanks!
I tried the white peach Cosmo...
I think I would rather just use the hardware load balancer to direct traffic.
I was raised on southern cooking and am aware of variations in seasoning and techniques for one location to another.
R: How do I use coord_cartesian on facet_grid with free-ranging axis Consider some plot Imagine I just want to zoom on just the top row in the plots above to only show the y-axes values between 3 and 4.
He repairs my car quickly every time I go in, and I never have to bring it back for further repairs.
You can create custom commands for that: in nightwatch.json specify the path to the folder that will contain your custom command file create a js file and name it how your custom command should be names (ie login.js) write the code you need: use the custom command in your test:
I almost forgot, the Sake is the bomb.com!
We also got the seafood appetizer platter and it was decent, but nothing to write home about.
Boy, oh boy, factory bars in Wisconsin pour stiff drinks!
This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh.
For anyone else who's doing the same thing here's the code that I got working.
Please anyone give me the technical reason.
That error occurs after a fatal error ( anywhere ), but I think it happens only in older versions of Kohana3.
Crap.\n\nI had never been in Mon Aimee before, not being a big sweet-tooth person, but when I was in the Strip last Saturday I stopped in.
\n\nI guess the last thing worth mentioning is the service.
What i am missing in the whole process for rendering a partial using javascript.
They sell corn and flour tortillas made on location that will change your life.
I would prefer to do this at the application level rather than in every single controller action.
I come here once a week with my in laws and two sons.
How to clone StackOverFlow JQuery Interface?
I cannot believe it is free.
Thanks in advance I did refer this question by the way: and felt my case is a bit different.
But it really didn't matter because we loved it all!
This DB is stored on a SharePoint site.
They are very loyal to their customers and provide a wide variety of comics to choose from.
A friend of mine was visiting from NYC and, though not at all religious, he's an antiques and history freak.
So $tableClass is actually defined in the getInstance method.
\n\nNow don't going running over there saying, \""Corey said, Corey said!\"" But if you happen to get a nice server and you happen to strike up some nice conversation nicely ask for hot tuber take on their standards.
Any ideas on how I can accomplish that?
One, Almost anything on the menu can be made gluten free.
I've never dissected them, but assume it is part tripe.
Are all able to do it, but I'm finding very little love from my searches.
But that's not the gyms fault\nOnly one flat bench press\nSince they have pools and a kids activities some times kids wonder into the wight areas\n\nSo in the end more pros then cons.\nThis is more just nit picking but as all gyms have them.
This was one of my favorite hotels I have stayed at...mainly because of some key ingredients to making a trip great - Concierge, the room, the rest of the staff present.\n\nThe Concierge was more than happy to guide us to where great places to hangout and party were.
If that wasn't enough they also have got an amazing gelato to tempt you with.\n\nYour tastebuds will love you for it.
I know that there are lots of tutorials, but I'm good at learning through situation based understanding.
Is there any way to extend Common Lisp so that a keyword will act as a function that looks itself up?
There have multiple value column in and in tables.
If so can you please provide a complete working reference including history, transitions, params, and so on?
While I had some difficulty using their web site to place my order, Robert helped me get things done over the phone.\n\nHe also gave me a follow-up call to let me know that everything is processed and my package should be delivered on time.
There's Fiesta ware from Wheeling, and If you want Emeral's professional cookware , Crate has it.\n\nYou can take cooking classes here as well, they have a full service kitchen in back.
Ryan, at one point, shoved his seat back, sat up straight with hands on thighs, neck rigid like a scout-dog, let out a billowing exhale, momentarily composed himself, then jumped back in for another oyster and few more forkfuls of rice.
The whole thing was thick and fluffy with a perfect balance of fresh tomato sauce and cheese.
You could set up files for the untracked files and leave the flag away.
So whenever I'm in the mood for some sushi I come to this place.\n\nI should also mention that they have the most amazing fried ice cream...ever...even better than Chi Chi's fried ice cream (for those who remember).
I can't for the life of me seem to grok the semantics, please help.
I have to say, The wings are scrawny, but the sauce is great.
And I get this figure Now I want to add one geom_line to one of the facets.
Customer service was great and so was the food!
You will need to look in to these libraries.
I am currently storing a list of words (around 120,000) in a HashSet, for the purpose of using as a list to check enetered words against to see if they are spelt correctly, and just returning yes or no.
Check its documentation for a "Provider cannot be found" error.
I think you didn't understood my comment.
Note: A model should never be singular class .
My changes are based on the vivi example.
stated in a previous review, the ingredients are all authentic and high quality and it is a stand out amongst many restaurants in the area.
I don't know if backtracking is an issue in your case, but you're treating an entire webpage output as a single string to match against a regular expression which could result in a very long string.
I am not allowed to alter the original html5 file.
See the Q &amp; A section of the NUnitTestExtension But unfortunatly it seems that this still of an issue that hasn't been fixed for Win8 Store App type Unit Testing.
However, the wording in the question implies that maybe the NTST line should appear as well.
I want to have a XML structure like this: OK i changed it to this, now it allows for the identifier attribute but it does not enforce it to be unique.
In the following multithreaded applet only the first thread is getting executed?
If you're going to use chained function syntax like that, it's a very good idea to put each function on a different line once you get more than two or three.
The IIS manages authentication seamlessly through ActiveDirectory.
Becomes increasingly less acceptable during weekends to the point where it actually is unsanitary and you can't hear anyone talking over the noise.
Google's Python style guide has some parts that are quite well thought of, but others are idiosyncratic (the two-space indents instead of the popular four-space ones, and the CamelCase style for functions and methods instead of the camel_case style, are pretty major idiosyncrasies).
The beignets let me down a little bit but the shrimp & grits more than made up for it.
Beautiful lounge downstairs that doubles as a lobby/workspace and hotel bar.
Also, I want to know how to determine the length of data that is to be used in second argument in function.
The house Merlot was short of the $9/glass price, but overall this was time and money well spent.
one point up on Long Beach, who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.\n\nI REALLY wanted to try the Das Gut Dopplebock, but they were out.
He was great to work with and made the whole process so easy.
if this wasn't located in the Marriott lobby people would be raving about it.
I need to store user details like location, ID Number etc associated with each authenticated users.
The problem can be solved by displacing the character away from any tiles before applying a force on the player to move him away.
edit Whooops I actually misread the output.
We we shared an order of stew chicken, rice and peas, veggies and of course a chicken and beef patty.\n\nThe stew chicken was soooo tender and full of flavor!
Original structure; Folder name: "MainTemplate" Folder contents: "about.txt", "photo.jpg", "info.doc", etc.
sweet and sour chicken is also very tasty!
so for getEntry you only need on lookup (in the list which should be anyway faster than a map) and for remove you do not have to travers the whole list.
the code is: My first though was to use an onchange event and run the function but that is not working.
If Access still throws an error, use to cast the text date to Date/Time datatype.
There are other options to choose that are much less expensive should you want to not blow up the Visa too badly and I am quite sure they are prepared just as well.
And a manager even came out to apologize and bring me drinks because our poor waitress was handling so many tables.
At that point, you might be using a non-compacting collector, and fragmentation might ensue.
A textbook example of the classic barbershop.
EDIT: Reproducible example Then if I execute the following: I get the error:
The cheese is also amazing because it makes the hot cold sensation just that much better.
The lamb was cooked well with just the right amount of spices.
My husband and I went to Casbah on our first date night after having our son.
I am not sure what this is called in sql server but any help building a query to do this would be great For output I am expecting that for any given 60 sec time period.
One of the restaurants I misss the most now that I'm out of the 'Burgh.
I came here with my sister who has been talking about the wonderful food here.We tried the vegetarian fajitas and Mexican stir fry.
Depending on the day it can be a bit busy but that is the case with all airports I suppose.
Im rating this more on being American Chinese then true authentic Chinese.
but in my opinion the menu doesn't change too often.
Create a , and handle the
Any help in how to chunk two or more repetitions of a tag would be highly appreciated.
There are too many people who write these food reviews trying to sound like they're a foodie, or at least knowledgeable about food, and then it turns out they only go out like four times a year!\n\nI like Capital Grille.
Their wonton shop is also full of chicken chunks and shrimps as well...
I ventured in here for the first time a few days ago and will definitely be back.
They asked me a few times how to say my name correctly because they wanted to make sure they pronounced it right, that meant a lot to me.
Can the SSMS editor be re-used in your own application, or is there an alternative?
The chicken tikka was also very good - not overly creamy and thick, but not too thin and with just the right taste - not all \""doctored\"" up like some places like to do.
You can define interface in your partial part of entity object and handle retrieving both Projects and Services by yourselves where your UI will expect only list of types implementing your interface.
Easily the best garage in Chambana.
Hopefully I'm not asking a fairly obvious question, but what is the correct way to add and remove viewControllers?
I'm using MacVim on OS X Lion, but I'm having the same problem in terminal Vim too.
Under both, "index" and query" analyzers modify the and add Something like: Ensure that you use WhitespaceTokenizerFactory as the tokenizer as shown above.
That is also the case every Sunday.
eg: (I'm assuming I'll need to use a serde for this, but I figured there wasn't any harm in asking)
There was still fresh food on the buffet.
removeAll() - Removes all cached values.
No, but it made me feel like I received a lower standard of postoperative care because I was a one-time patient from out of town.
What will happen when update id will overflow and how to avoid it?
My question is this: Is there any other security features that I should add to my application, or is the attribute all that is required?
Not to mention, all-you-can-eat shrimp for only $8.75?
Sam's Cafe has great breakfast food and very friendly staff at a good price.
There is a simple method for determining precisely which name Windows expects: Right-click the file, select Properties and navigate to the Details tab.
To get the vertical offset of the section start I defined function using simple recursion (jQuery uses similar code IMHO).
Error in installing ATF in eclipse In eclipse JUNO->install new software-> but it gives me this error Cannot complete the install because one or more required items could not be found.
Is it dependent on OS, Memory Availability etc?
Each node is an array with 3 elements, like so: jsfiddle: Is there a more concise way to implement a directed graph in JavaScript, besides the one that I've proposed here?
A comment does nothing (but your database driver might complain if there is not command at all): Unknown PRAGMA statements are ignored, and do not return anything: If you need a statement that returns an empty result set, you need a SELECT:
So my question is: Does anyone know of a way to manipulate the registry to combine some icon overlays?
So here's to Mert's and one less bookmark!\n\nClassic Southern soul food.
Oktoberfest here starts Friday September 23 and is for the weekends only (four weekends Fridays and Saturdays).\n\nNext time I'll be there for dinner and eat outside.
You're asking for an ILog for the current Type not an explicitly a filename You're telling log4net to read configuration settings from the app.config/web.config Depending on your config you may need to use the XmlConfigurator An example of the .config file is: There are lots of Appenders, above is a ConsoleAppender, but a DatabaseAppender exists and other types that might fit with you're need.
Stipulations The VB code doesn't matter (as it sends the Email properly), the problem comes from the text.
I really want to try something from their juice bar too!!
If your JS thread is executing, then nothing else can run at that time until that JS thread finishes and allows the next event in the event queue to be processed.
French fries are always hot and they have good sweet tea.
They also have elegant farmer pies, very good.
My question pertains to tab order.
I thought they must have been crazy.
One or two people talking to each other over that noise is enough for me.
So glad I remembered seeing Yelp reviews of Sam's.
You can do this easily in XeLaTeX: Highly undesirable, however, if there's any chance you can get a real italic .
on success, the function returns the number of items of the argument list successfully filled.
The layout was perfect for an event like this - there was plenty of room for lots of large dinner tables as well as a dance floor.
\n\nBTW, IT'S CASH ONLY HERE, but they do have an ATM.
The staff has been friendly and helped me fit my glasses on several occasions, even though I hadn't purchased them there.
However, the bread itself seemed stale and completely took away from the star in the spot light.\n\nAs with Eleven, you can't go wrong with the brunch pre-fix, so be prepared to need a wheel barrel to get yourself out the door!
I think that is just part of the business no matter where you go though.
This is a great place to stay, getaways to hotels like this keep me sane.
I searched in Google for some similar situation (i.e., implementing Scroll Path with some parallax plugin) but I didn't find anyone in my current situation, and it seems that the Scroll Path plugin isn't maintained anymore.
I would definitely suggest checking it out on a NFL SUnday too.
Generally, it's spacious, modern, clean, and easy to navigate.
I like coming here with a group of people.
Excel VBA macro workbook startup - security warning - automatic update of links disabled I've created an add-in and installed it, but now when I open Excel I get an error pop-up telling me that the add-in file is a security risk and that automatic updating of links is disabled.
I had the chicken tikka masala, lamb biriyani, and garlic nan.
PHP uses a lazy-copy mechanism (also called copy-on-write) that does not actually create a copy of a variable until it is modified.
It is just great.\n\nI have to also add in that this location is always busy.
Dude calm down i just want more toppings, didn't say it was terrible, get over yourself.
The Web Application Project is configured to use IIS.
Domain name registered for client and they want to transfer it to another domain host.
If you're in need of a ready made meal or something hot and tasty, this is the place to get it.
\n\nWhile sadly I didn't get a golden ticket that didn't stop me from breaking into a ear to ear grin while simultaneously humming songs from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when I walked into Mon Aimee.\n\nIf you consider yourself a chocofiend you must go and gaze upon the rows of artisan and savory chocolates on sale.
Everything I've bought there has been better than I anticipated.
My children seemed to enjoy it.
Intellisense does not offer me a "Http" after entering: Is HttpClient really unavailable to me?
for being more clear: I want the trained machine learning program to be launched only once in the server and the web portal should receive the inputs parameters from clients and send back the prediction after interacting with the program .
How to improve my query performance by indexing i just want to know how will i index the this table for optimal performance?
My project has ended up costing me quite a bit because of its complexity and mistakes make along the way, but a simple system to cool just the room should cost less than £150-200 and is definitely a DIY project you and your dad could do.
) in order to use it.
Calling will (I think) cause the collection to raise a changed notification which is not a big deal for small lists but will slow things down for larger lists.
Another class can then work with any class that implements a particular Interface even if it hasn't been implemented yet.
I'm Javascript noob, so if anyone can just rearrange this code that will be perfect.
This parking lot is always full, which is a good thing for the Y.
For the , I need to seed some dummy data.
you may also add Method to Button for onClick in xml and use the same method in activity.As,
The JPA spec also allows for overriding/disabling JPA annotation processing via XML mapping files.
I finally settled on using a file-based lock to ensure that the task doesn't run twice: It's a bit of a hack, but seems to be working...
I can actually hear people talk without having to sit two cms away from them or having to shout.
Eclipse is complaining on the inclusion inside the index.html file: Undefined Javascript file.
They can always find their comfort food and I, enjoying a little gourmet action, can find something like a jazzed up macaroni and cheese dish.
It's literally a two minute drive from there or a great bike ride, but whatever.
The Guinness Stew and Potato Cakes were very tasty.
I happen to be logcat illiterate :(.
I love the cuckoo clock and tapestries they have.\n\nNow, to the food:\nThe bread they give you...
It's not SQL but a version of a query language against the graph (was databases).
How to add PATH more than one values in Environment variable?
Seemed like a secret local place that didn't get too crowded - we walked right in on a Saturday night.
} As of now: void MenordeN is to find the smallest number and its position.
I'm Italian and am very picky about the places I eat Italian food outside of my own house and can honestly say that this place is the real deal.\n\nWe made reservations because we had a larger party and I hate waiting.
I have heard somewhere that a computer can have multiple IP addresses.
I really appreciated his honesty when he told me that if he did anything to it it would probably look worse i have now ordered another dress and hopefully this one will be right.
I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm.
L &amp; R channels) a frame contains two samples.
Proxy a websocket to hide the IP I have a sub domain routed through cloudflare.
Is it possible to use socket.io to send a message from the server (NodeJS) to the client (AngularJS)?
They have a greeter at the door almost every day and the staff will fulfill any request.
app-frontend-war app-backend-war app-logic-ejb Each of the WAR files need to use the EJBs that are within the app-logic-ejb JAR.
Swift Swift 3, XCode 8 (Thanks @sasho)
We were prepared to leave a poor tip and a complaint after we finished but before we could decide what to do, the manager came out and apologized profusely.
I learned SOOOOOOO much in that class.
They burned my roti canai (the roti) and by the time they replaced it, everyone else at my table already got their main meals.
Careless use can make code much more opaque.
Unfortunately, teh CategoryAxis doesn't seem to have a renderer and therefore canDropLabels and canStagger cannot be set for it.
So I use SocketIO, and I emit when BBB detects something.
I'm studying the following client/server code called KnockKnockServer and KnockKnockClient.
exec() could have been disabled by the server admin.
He went for the BBQ pork and I chose the Italian beef with cheese and hot peppers ( vs sweet).
Are there any obvious reasons why I cannot connect to the web service?
Nothing I've found online seems to bother with this.
I live down the road from Monty's and it's being in walking distance helps give it a half a star.
You can supply a into your
I hate that in the winter I have to freeze my ass off walking into the place because I don't want to have to get my coat dry-cleaned to get the smoke smell out of it if I brought it in with me.
Instead of doing this: You should use the EntityManager to fetch that Object.
Regarding what's better for referencing, that depends entirely on the context (i.e., do you want an or a ).
It's a great place to go and get some tubed meat in a variety of different mix and match combinations and also a great place to meet new people...
What an absolutely delightful and special dining experience!
How to add a button next to a field in vtiger CRM?
Say I want to put between and my other text.
Her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job!\nStrawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :) \nStrawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering!\nIts always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around.
Assuming you want the 10 most recent eve_Dates for each customer.
or and give you the hour in any format you need?
If the is more complicated, it should be pretty easy to traverse more thoroughly through the document.
Most Cajun food is not vegan friendly, but the chef at Cajun Queen went the extra mile and created me a veg-friendly dish!
UIPickerView: numberOfRowsInComponent is being called twice for same component and is not displaying row titles I'm trying to setup a login form for my application and it is the UIPickerView is not showing the row data.
But following that thread and having a look at the current dev tree, I doubt it is going to land in 5.1.
The problem is that for now there are 4 items.
I'm pretty sure my friend who recommended the restaurant, has tried at least 50% of the menu over her visits there.
Another, more general way which can be used in runtime is explained <a href="
Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best.
There's an ATM at the entrance or any of the nearby gas stations.
She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections...
If there was an open source project that wanted to deliver better Linq support in an ORM, in my opinion it would have greater success contributing to NHibernate Linq rather than attempting to build its own framework from scratch.
Both are so succulent that I get into a subconscious gladiatorial battle over which one to select.
Sorry if that doesn't make sense, I'm not sure how to explain this...
The first task can set a variable, and following tasks are able to use the variable.
The service is very good and fast.
But that's not practical if the lists are large and you have lots of constraints to slow down the delete.
I loved stuffed cabbage and the mash potatoes were certainly home made and not instant (could you imagine the horror if they were instant?).
Here is the code for it : This should translate into this , but something goes wrong in the process.
It's exactly what you'd want a neighborhood bar to be.
What permission needs to be set in manifest.json?
If there could be multiple spaces, you could use .
It would seem that the on the will always return nil when restoring purchases.
The lemon was so refreshing and the sauce done very nicely- not too buttery, with more of the lemon and wine coming through- definitely nice after such a seething hot day.\nThe quality of the food shines through, even from the menu.
It is extremely filling because it is made with nutrient rich local meat, savory vegetables & topped with the best gravy I've ever tasted.
They are my favorite and makes you feel you are at least a bit closer to Hawaii...the humidity helped as well though.
I have filed an issue against Python.
session_start() not working and giving warning although it's on the top of the page This code was working properly in Xampp but it's not working after I uploaded it on the server The page has loaded fine but it's giving error on top of the page and because it's an admin page it must not open unless the session is set.
Service was good, the beer selection wasnt amazing but okay, and they had shuffle board.
Because: In this case, because they are TWO strings with SAME VALUE!!
Just like that : CSS Javascript
However, you can bypass the Win32 rules and create paths up to 32K characters.
With that written, I am very picky and their deli is much superior to Copps (read my review of the very sad S.
So I wanted to know how can I get user's name and and profile pic from the id here is what goes in for the parameter in thanks
I would prefer not to use a generator like Lex or Yacc, so I want to code it from the ground up.
I got to the airport early for a morning flight, and got a stunning breakfast there.\n\nBut I do indeed have two concerns with CLT.
I am not a vegan, vegetarian or any combo.
4 stars for the haunted black magic atmosphere of the restaurant.
There were a variety of salads, sandwiches, acorn & carrot soup, key lime pie and chocolate mousse.
You might consult these other similar questions: Additionally, the SQLiteBooks sample code that Apple provides takes you step-by-step through the process of copying an existing database from the resources directory of your application bundle to the application's Documents directory.
I could not be happier with the experience I had at Providence Eye & Laser Specialists.
I am looking for CSS help to keep the text from wrapping under the icon.
My husband had the noodle bowl with cod.
What you have to do is go to the github page and take a look at the class in the app.
Their baked goods are simple and DELICIOUS.
I wrote some VBA script to go through and delete the extra checkboxes and it works for most of the files.
If there is a response body, it is available for reading via resIn.
\n\nGoing here, the more expensive price is expected, and honestly worth it.
I definitely look forward to my next visit!
By default the uses as it's connection mode.
Printing with the browser in Silverlight 4 I have a Silverlight 4 app which is essentially a canvas filled with user-drawn controls.
No one could possibly say there's *nothing* that here interests him here.
may be still used for backward compatibility.
We could hear the conversation of the couple next to us much more than I would have liked...I felt like we were all up in their business.\n\nWe'll definitely be back.
Although the few times I was here, there was barely anybody else there besides the group I dragged along and the band's friends.
There's a pool table that is usually open, though it's not the finest table in town it fits the vibe of the place.
And honestly, I've never been disappointed.
\n\nRates are much more reasonable than hotels just a few blocks closer to the city center.\n\nHampton Inn is just across the parking ramp...
You would change remote.LibraryB.url to point to your local version, and your local version would be clone of original LibraryB.
string formatting is way nicer than concatenation.
To consume, try asi Very good and used by many other apps.
My stay was on a Thursday night, and had a room on the 10th floor facing East.\n\nIt's located right down town in the theater area, and it's an extremely easy walk to a lot of essentials.
The name of this place is deceiving!
If I could afford $8/day lunches, I'd probably have it everyday.
Doesn't change my live for the real one though.
Unfortunately calling this method has the strange side effect of somehow "interrupting" the work of the function "handleNotification" which has the goal of notifying the user for 2 seconds that she or he has done something illegitimate.
The food has been consistently good, and their specials are always interesting.\n\nThe menu is small, but for Carmon's, this is a good thing since everything on the menu is delicious.
I never really considered writing a Yelp review for UIUC, but after seeing some of the ludicrous negative reviews, I'd like to voice my opinion.\n\nMost importantly, for those individuals who may be considering the University for their higher education needs, know that it is an excellent place of learning, especially for engineering and the sciences.
You may need to pass the API key or secret in the get parameters in the request or add these as Http headers for your HttpClient object.
Widevine Test content for player validation I know that the Widevine DRM scheme is supported in the 4+ version of the Android devices.
I recommend Graziano's for take out, not eating in.
If you have quality clothing , and want your clothing to look beautiful after being cleaned go to Pfennings !!!
However, the server and food runner or the guy refill drinks are so so....\n\nWe tried the crawfish popcorn, dinner special sirloin steak with crawfish \u00e9touff\u00e9e, and crawfish and shrimp creole.
Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
Another strange thing i noticed is that without converting the turtle's ycor() to an int, the print statements display some bizarre values that dont make any sense to me...
We discovered this place when my 4 year old gave herself a haircut and she needed some additional help.
Edit I've checked the widgets folder permission settings: Can some one explain please?
I'm totally stumped and any help would be greatly appreciated.
Soon after we finished those the sawara came out and it was a Spanish Mackeral cut into 7 pieces with a tiny sliver of raw garlic on top surrounding the garlic ponzu.
Great place to grab a beer on Beverly road and catch up with old friends.
Next time I'm craving 100 pounds of food and some mild entertainment, I'll come back to this Nakato in a heartbeat!
However I need to sign in with my O365 tenant admin every time I run it and grant access to the application to read emails, calendar, etc.
According to Composer docs : Note: On some versions of OSX the /usr directory does not exist by default.
The problem occurs when set to true, and is fixed when set to false.
Concatenating two fields in a collect Rails 2.3.5 I'm not having any luck searching for an answer on this.
How to make MathJax responsive and add line breaks automatically?
With a HUGE selection of coffee, fresh baked goods from local vendors, friendly staff, and a humidor for the casual cigar aficionado, there's a little something for everyone.
Well let's look at the desired output.
Make sure to get their biscuits.
:D\n\n Parking is on the street and it is only for two hours without permit.
You need to decide what happens in these cases: For all other cases, luckily the telling trait is that the "out-of-order" item will be more than 1 away from both its neighbors (because #2 above).
if you are searching a lot of text you may be better served with something like
It was created with that code: With But an empty username doesn't satisfy the usage of PQconnectdb, which, for some parsing-reason, caused it to login to the database "turtlebot".
The issue I have is that sometimes the second string contains entries, sometimes it does not.
Our server couldn't vouch for it (since it was glutinous) and I should've trusted her.
\n\nTickets for movies at the Omnimax can be purchased separately from the general admission pass to the museum.
I had an absolutely different experience with Richard than was described in a recent post.
Basically, i have just installed the RCassandra package in R and tried to connect.
If that does work then another rule is taking a higher precedence then the current rule.
Try this I have a guide here on how to use CLR Stored Procedures that might help.
If you are looking at searching for a string in any of the items in a string array, then you can use method.
Plenty of parking in their own lot.
Please provide a example how to solve this issue.
Talk to Jeff and Dom they are Awesome!
You can check and test it though.
I have full intentions on heading back before November is over to enjoy that dessert again!
A better way there is not, only a single lined one (which makes use of the iterator, too but implicitly):
I made the number of replicates as a variable so that you can change this and to your heart's content and it'll still work.
the action key performs a "done" operation, typically meaning there is nothing more to input and the IME will be closed.
Good and fast requires adding some extra help, better tools, investment in above-average developers and more.
Always helpful and always call to let you know when service is fixed.
Fur mich mein nach Las Vegas mein Lieblings Flughafen in den USA.
If you're going to be stuck in an airport for a few hours waiting for a connection, this isn't a bad place to do it.
A far cuter optimisation would be to use rather than , as the former will never be slower than the latter.
But they had it all under control.
Not issue existed on IE8 or FF3.
The class is defined as follows: I created a specific action, MyAction1, that extends MyAction: I have a singleton utility class (in the same package) that creates an instance of MyAction1 and stores it in a HashMap: Note that in the method actions.put( myAction1.actionId , myAction1) I am able to access the protected member actionId .
Unfailingly helpful, polite, friendly and efficient, the crew lineup at this store has been remarkably stable - it makes one confident of getting the same excellent product and service regardless of the day of the week and despite the brutal early morning hours including weekends.
We enjoyed our sushi and I've been back for other dishes.
When user press this button I have to play animation.
The cheese was still inside all of them!!!), fried zucchini and potato balls (plump little balls fried crispy on the outside and bursting with creamy whipped potato goodness on the inside).
Type TAB again and cursor go after ")".
We always get great service and the food is sooo good.
It's a cool place in strip; I'd recommend stopping by and checking it out.
It won't copy the actual data.
The service was great and it was not that pricey
You attempt to match it against another regular expression which you do over and over again.
In Objective C you need to write
Make sure socket.io script is included and define sensor var for get it working as And finally get sure clicked function is getting called when event is fired.
wpf application could not be launched in client machine I have a program developed on WPF.
Write a unit test to check the codes to localise the messages.
This is the first time i am trying to unit test a directive.
Ruby hash access value from string array I have an hash like below: Normally we can access it like .
I considered doing the example using Underscore.js, but felt this would be a little more universal.
While it doesn't get the full star ride from me, I can see why others give it high praise.
Something is missing from your question.
Is there any way to get the image URL property from items in Wikidata?
Also, what is the order of validation, which one kicks in first, NumberFormat, NotNull?
[insert italian accent here]\"" We had a good laugh.
My suggestion is try their white pizza, which I think rivals the ones I've had in New York.
The total without tip was $48.00.
In C# , How can i create a System.Drawing.Color object using a hex value?
I can use command line to start the nservicebus using like this: Can someone please help?
I am not sure how to do this in Java but in python that would be: Tested on pythex with input .
It is running well in all of the versions * except in SDK version 1.5 where it throws null pointer exception * .
We're over .500 so far this year!
The food came out lightning fast and she was ready for the check when I was.
When you are storing code in MySQL wrap the input in the PHP function.
the best night sleep I've ever had while on vacation.
I give props because I tried making crepes before..
\n\nAnd how cool was it that Batman the Dark Knight Raises was also screened here?
They add ground steak including filet mignon!
This is some seriously great Italian.
Having three rambunctious corgis that get into trouble (catching rabbits and getting worms, swallowing corncobs and needing surgery, attacking car windows and breaking teeth, spraining toes from too much running) means I get to visit more often, and I honestly do not mind at all.
If you go on a Sunday morning you will def be waiting for a table.\nThey never used to accept cards but to my knowledge they recently have begun taking credit cards which is a big plus.
Good dairy section too, their prices for soy milk is a bit outrageous.\n\nThat said, the east end food co op is a good place to shop for the pantry.
I went with the regular Steak and cheese hoagie- grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, mayo...add some hot sauce at the table, order of fresh cut fries and a drink.
I've been to Mortons all over the country and this one stacks up pretty well.
In Matlab: However, you might want to use to compute it for all combinations of vectors in your matrix at once.
I have two lists, one is named as A, another is named as B.
We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce.
I'm not sure if :current_location should be a symbol in your model if block.
They also make a variety of fresh salsas and dips.
The paths are listed in your project's settings (sorry Xcode not to hand), hunt it out and remove it (as its a duplicate).
This time I was dissuaded from ordering my usual and instead opted for some proper dinner food.
I m making an extension for gmail and trying to add a side panel when the user opens his mail( The place where contact information of the sender is shown).
To keep the connection string to the database working on the developer machines i've modified the publish settings to use a 'different' connections string.
Hence you see main controller's scope being expanded in the directive.
But now,the form is not showing anything once the is clicked.
Monty's mostly knows when to use seitan, beans, walnut burgers, tofu and has a nice variety.\n\nThey're often busy, so don't go if you can't wait.
But instead you can use ArrayList (or any other List) and where needed, convert it to simple array, like this:
There are 4 extra large washers in the back.
Change to However, I favor using this format: While not as compact, it helps me keep straight who's doing what.
There was no \""come back on Monday or come back in a week\"" story from them - as soon as we agreed on the details, we were told that we would be driving our vehicle home that afternoon.\n\nKristen even followed up with us this week, and sent my 4 year old a \""Swagger Wagon\"" can cooler because she noticed that my daughter liked the promotional video.
The "doGet" takes 2 params - HTTPServletRequest request, and HTTPServletResponse response.
Love Paul, the best bartender in the world.
I want to add a multi-threading panel that shows a text as demo to a window with a as parameter of a new instance.
See, starting example below: And I am looking for a better way (less code, non-individual coloring) to color, for example, "Engine" and "Body" spans, including all the cells underneath them in
Fresh food, great salsa, great prices!
The place seemed to have a \""must order food\"" policy in order to be seated at the tables so 15 of us frustratingly spent a bit of time crowded at the entrance, downing beers, trying to decide if we should move on.
:P When I submit the form, then the first change is not made.
Pray you don't get my room because the floor above you creaks like crazy when they walk around.
In fact, my boyfriend and I were able leave feeling satisfied and without spending over $100 (not including tip).\n\nAlthough I had heard rave reviews about the Omakase tasting menu, we decided to order off the menu.
I haven't explored the coffee selection (although it seems impressive), but their bulk spice selection is fantastic.
No big XML-knowledge at my side, but since is a childnode of , my guess is that you first have to get the node and with that you can probably get the nodes you want.
Need Help Understanding Javascript Closure I am learning about javascript closures and am having difficulty understanding the concept.
Even if you go there alone (which is what I do, because I don't know people yet), chances are that you'll meet cool people (provided you're not shy).\n\nThe specials are quite cheap between Sunday and Wednesday.
Instead do following: Now when you want items just say:
None of which has changed my mind.
However, if I'm looking for a fine dining experience, one where the ingredients are creative and innovative, I'll definitely return here.
Their main purpose is to identify managed objects across different managed object contexts.
My idea is to check that the URL scheme does not open another app when my app is first opened.
Plotting multiple columns with a for loop in gnuplot, key doesn't work I have file with many columns that I'd like to plot as follows: This gives the plot I want, but when I do , then the key I see has all lines labeled as : How can I make this output more meaningful, by actually displayin the value of ?
Well, folks, it's a transit system.
Events, discounts for owners (a onetime fee) with each purchase, friendly advice, and consistent quality.
This compiles but with no sample data or answers to the comments posed I cannot guarantee its validity.
Short walk from our meeting, and Matt's is located on the first floor of what appears to be a newer condominium building.
So, curious, I decided to do a quick console app and see all of the different phone number formatting possibilities I could think of.
You're writing to the datastore twice every time you insert a record.
I registered at alwaysdata but am unable to view the site after I go 'manage.py runserver' in the SSH (this is after I've created the project and navigated to the appropriate directory, of course).
I put this data in the ListView to fragment and search procedures would apply.
When bandwidth is a concern, always include compression.
There must be many valid reasons why someone would not want to make it easy to extend and / or override pars of their code.
It will change your freaking life!
C# simple code to write an INSERT query is giving an exception I have a very basic and beginner problem.
How can you complain when it's all a DOLLAR ?
If you haven't been a fan of Fried Green Tomatoes, you really should give these a try.
Now, in the second line you are calling that returned due to failed validation in your case as you have already mentioned in the question.
Yes, you can use CKEditor, but when I implemented the CKEditor on a form, it turns out it is quite limited in the functionality in provides.
\n\nWe also split the bruschetta, which came styled with ricotta cheese.
For this problem you can use the STL's transform method to solve it:
You can implement an interface (say ) and use that interface as parameter type in your static method.
Our bill came to about $40 for 3 people.
\n\nThe furnishings are new and stylish and they have a large well appointed lobby where their \""cafe\"" is open in the evenings at 5 so you can buy a drink or get something to eat.
On the menu it is described as, \""Thai red curry in coconut cream sauce with cabbage, tofu, straw mushrooms, onions, red peppers, asparagus, green peppers and bamboo shoots\""..
They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.
\n\nThere are a few downsides, it's frequently packed on the weekends, seating can be cramped, and taking a party of more than 4 is damn near impossible.
Onions HAVE to be sliced into rings for pie....plain an simple.
Brisket is indeed dry; it wasn't like that when I first tried this place a few years ago.
Speaking of which, I was disappointed to not find any \""pick your own\"" incense sticks.
user_id is Indexed vid_id is Indexed
Would I send a contact card.
Here is a demo of the problem:
Show/hide subpanels dynamically in Ext JS I have created a view (a panel) with 3 subpanels ...
Thus, your kernel code - reduces to - I am assuming the line: isn't important to the calculations as it does printing of some message.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't seem to find the option to change to get them to display properly.
Marashi was aware of these issues, but he didn't think they needed to be addressed right away.
It's still pricey, so this probably isn't the place to sate your random Thursday craving for sushi, but it is an excellent special occasion place for the sushi lover.\n\nUp a few flights of stairs in a minimalist environment, Umi serves up excellent sushi (and a really nice octopus salad), including some higher quality varieties you can't always find in the mid-range places--toro and uni spring to mind.
Could someone explain me this concept?
Personally, I don't put much stock in this estimation method.
You would export this map and use it with the Mapbox iOS SDK , which is an open source rewrite of MapKit but with more customizability.
You are using , so your series converges really, really quickly.
\n\nWe ordered a Margarita pizza which was freaking delicious.
Based on this comment: I didn't think it was relevant to the question.
Is there anything else I have to put in my css?
A man with a guitar went around the restaurant singing beautiful songs to each table and eventually made it outside.
Little popcorn nuggets of Seitan, drenched in the best General Tso's sauce I've ever tasted, with steamed broccoli.
We went with the four course experience\n\nCheese: The special.
Merging cells with VBA I'm looking to merge 3 horizontal cells, but i am doing so in a loop.
For example when I'm on form4 and want to go back to form3.
For those of you who know what I'm talking about, you'll be freaking thrilled to get one where you least expected it.\n\nOne bit of advice though is to get there really early to wait in line.
The thing is that character classes treat characters inside them as individual characters, unless when using a range.
To get started with Cocos2d, there is nothing better than Ray Wenderlich's multiple part tutorial !
File integration: Jupiter supports jumping back and forth between reviews and source code.
The ribs were cooked to perfection but the rub lacked flavor.
Or...2 Since we don't have any binding instructions in mvx, this type of redirection can be done in the ViewModel/Model code.
That means that while you should have the user_id to link to the current user, you should record the user's name, billing address and shipping addres as it was at the time of the order.
I ordered the Cashew Chicken, which consists of chicken, cashews, water chestnuts, pea pods, mushrooms, and carrots.
I walked the aisles with a dear friend who happens to be a master gardener and she was instrumental in telling me more about plants, what types would thrive on my balcony, and which to stay away from given the climate change and season transitioning we are experiencing this September.
They remembered our bikes and solved our bike repair issues on the spot.
Is it defined generally or do I miss a fact of Typo3..?
The Path gives the service MySQL..
Dimly lit, sleekly decorated, and filled with a sense of Zen and calm, my boyfriend noted that it reminded him of the restaurants in Chicago.
The reason for the error is that, the pisa module some time uses the Python's logging module to log warnings or errors.
It downloads, except, the vars $pname and $hca2name do not replace inside of the document.
We ate here last weekend on the recommendation of my son's professors.
For example: Are these somehow processed (like prefixing each byte with \x00 byte) or stored in memory exactly the same way as they are declared here?
I already have 20-20 vision the day after the surgery and minimal dryness and disruption to my daily life.
The way I think about them, duck typing isn't even a thing that might have been able to subsume structural typing, because they're not the same kind of thing.
But the crust , sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious.
A second favorite was the Aloo Pang which is spinach potatoes & spices.
I cannot use the convex hull envelope because of the non convex shape of the polygon.
It has a down to earth vibe to it.
I had a New York Strip and it was really tender and juicy.
Did you check that your memory card is correct ?
The unique event count for an action is the number of visits in which that action took place.
They said they wanted me to have it, because I was so nice and a good customer besides.
The calling program just needs to wait until that process is done.
I am now using only storyboards to define all of my views.
This this in the HTML: I hope that helps.
Fixed with this (ideally unnecessary) workaround:
I usually get dragged to them because my mom is such a fan and has to hit at least one in every town we visit, but I have to say I'm glad we visited this one.
(You almost certainly don't need "the most efficient" way - you need a sufficiently efficient way, whilst keeping the code readable.) Note that if you want the values to be propagated out of the current method, you should create your own class to represent the company/ship pair.
"Col2" will try and be parsed to a type and your query will fail.
The hummus was really good, and the spike of sumac was a nice touch, although it was tad bit to lemony for me.
The $nfdump_command is correct and it printing output when ran individually
Perfectly cooked fish and the veggies were flavorful.
I took the twins there today.
winsock errors i get when the tcp Connection stops working 10053 (WSAECONNABORTED) or 10054 (WSAECONNRESET).
I consider myself a Pho Meatball amateur connoisseur of sorts.
I've tried their soups too and they're delightful and rich.
Dorn's handling of rats and other small exotic breeds.
Service was prompt and efficient, making for a great overall experience.\n\nI'll be back (a lot)!\n\nOh, and check out the daily food specials - looks like they have some inventive and interesting options!
Why not get the square root of the number?
In and out in an hour.\nI'd go back because the fish was that good
Overall, the sundae was great, if not quite what I was expecting.
If I were working with your code I would prefer if you solve your problem with iteration instead of defining incorrect method (Warning: not tested code):
Furthermore, he was polite and had good manners which was a plus.
Finally, declaring a variable on one line and then setting its value is so unnecessarily verbose.
Tried on the cheese hats (a must) and bought a cheese wedge beer holder.
Did you compile the library source yourself, also with MinGW?
Wife and I have been to lots of Mexican places from Taco Bell to really fancy joints that over fancify the food.
Within the standard language, the approach was typically to set aside storage in an array that was larger than likely needed, but still within the constraints of the platform running the program, then manually parcel that storage out as required.
Even though it was the nightly all-you-can-eat meal, I was only able to eat one plate.
:)\n\nDo yourself a favor and check out this place.
Let's say my first my first feature is to create a bill with a unique number and a title.
The problem I am having is that the view I placed under pages is displaying with the default look of cakephp but i want to use my custom_layout.
I am trying to fully understand difference between categorical and ordinal data when doing regression analysis.
In C, the operator does not evaluate its argument.
the staff has always been very attentive and friendly
The trouble is keeping track of which line segments belong to which polygon.
This is the best Mediterranean food in Pittsburgh bar none.
My favorite was the tuna but everything was delicious.
Side of Madison, can't do better than Monty's.
The food was good, and was ready in a reasonable amount of time (maybe due to the fact that we came there after peak hour).
if your SOAP response is: You can script: You can even use the maximum power of standard java regex processing.
Just wish it were open on Sunday :)
If you're using SQL Server 2005 or newer then your best option is to create a user-defined CLR function and use a regular expression to remove all non-numeric characters.
I'll just stick to vanilla next time!
The food is always top notch - lunch, dinner and brunch.
He performs LASIK on all of the Carolina Panthers, so if the NFL trusts him...
The food and staff are very good.
Then add the word to the new Sentence.
I would expect the dashed lines would completely overlay the respective solid line, but they don't.
so i got the idea of just restarting my socket when the tcpconnection breaks.
The drinks were really good, well made and strong but for some reason I really enjoyed the food.
While the selection is not that impressive, I would say that the quality is pretty damn good.
It is rare for a big chain store to be so dog and barefoot friendly!
It was big and fluffy on the inside and cooked just right on the outside.
On the side, I had yams and greens and a sweet tea to wash it all down.
You just gotta have a Peppi's hoagie...especially on your way to a Steelers game.
\n\nWhat we sampled: \nMimosa (I don't like mimosas, but this was delicious with fresh squeezed orange juice)\nBread basket (sea salt foccacia (delicious) cranberry and almond scones (delicious, but very crumbly which the fiance found out the hard way) strawberry butter, sugar butter, and honey butter)\nAntipasta table (overall good selection, but a little bland, the only memorable thing on the table for us was the Cesar salad, which was delicious, but a tad overdressed) \nEntree (we both ordered the pasta trio.
You can get the extensions for all links in a document like this: Here's a working version of the code: The regular expression here matches a period followed by one or more non-period characters at the end of the string.
But it makes it difficult to fully enjoy a meal when you are breaking a sweat eating it.
I think you might be looking for might be what you are looking for ...
It is either John=1 or Doe=2.
My first visit was to Bridal Beginnings, which did a good job of finding dresses in the style I was seeking and in my budget, but which had pretty small sample sizes so it was incredibly difficult to picture how the back of the dress would look.
However, it's generally ever an issue when exchanging data between systems - you'll always use native byte-order when processing or interfacing with operating system audio components.
I managed to asynchronize the input from the stdin based on another article on stack overflow but I am still not able to run them concurrently so that send and receive can happen simultaneously.
The menu boasts a wide variety of subs and toppings including a Vegetarian menu, if you are in to that, but what separates it from most places is their emphasis on the Cheese Steak and their generous portions of meat.
I guess you mean something like services running in the background and use GPS?
I need to display the results of either one or two strings.
We ordered the calamari for an appetizer, which comes with fried calamari, topped with shredded and fried zucchini, with two different sauces for dipping.
I suspect the call is failing due to this.
I have lived in the Pennsylvania building for over 3 months now and I felt a need to counter act all these negative reviews I keep seeing on here.\n\nFirstly when I called maintenance to fix anything I would always get a prompt response usually within 24 hours.
I love the selection of beer, it always me to try out a new beer without having to buy a whole case!
You declared your function as inline.
\n\nKind of wonky getting into the place.
I hope you understand what I mean, otherwise I will try to clarify HTML CSS JQUERY
Parking is easy in the lot.
It does keep ok, but its better reheated if you let it go cold.
i had a 1st floor room, private patio with table and chairs, beautiful room.
The inside was, as others have already commented, very pastel and outdated, reminding me of my grandmother's 80th birthday party.
I stayed on the 3rd floor.
You can create a class for your and remove the margin/padding that's added by bootstrap, like suggested in : I've set a gray background and a border for demonstration purposes.
Separate debug/release output in FlashDevelop I want to have separate output directories for debug and release builds.
So bring a quarter (you get it back)!
Nothing pretentious here, just good wings, a huge burger, and unique selections.
It's that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.
Don't create a object if you don;t actually want a new object, which you don;t because you're getting an object on the very next line.
The only problem is that it usually has to sit on top of two plates of delicious food and soup which means your stomach is about to overflow.
I'd say this is one of the more consistent lunch places in uptown.
Or maybe a different approach, is advisable ?
We called at 5:50pm and told them we wanted to come in around 6:30pm and wanted to make a reservation for 6.
I am a big fan of It's Greek to Me in Brookline.
My friend introduced me to Zorba's, I love their special, it keeps me awake at night, drooling for it...\n\nFries are good as well, overall great experience.
That being said, I really should subtract a star for the prices...
Right now, if they close it and open it back up, the previous selection they made are still there.
I do have a "hack" that works for the original request, but I really don't like it...
\n\nOne thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating.
I really dislike that rule but you can't really get around it.
Object structure (simplified) is Currently I'm doing this with nested foreach loops, but is there a better way?
And there is a follower relationship.
Is there .net implementation of TeX T E X is a typesetting system written by Donald E.
But, I feel the need to re-iterate just how great these burgers are.
$localStorage - If your goal is to store client-side and persistent data.
Also tell your client that almost nothing is available for every device imaginable ;-)
It was not crowded and the noise level was overall on the quiet side.
I only want the key which I have been trying to concatenate using FOR /F, however had no luck.
Datatable custom sort function on a given column I am using jquery datatables and I need to sort data by the first column which contains checkboxes by displaying checked boxes first thanks for your time , this is what i tried so far :
I normally wouldn't be able to afford more than one course here but at $30 for everything during restaurant week it's a hella great deal.
I've constructed a 'Views' table that contains the topic id, the user id and a timestamp.
Can/Should I use the OR operator or AND operator between two if..else statement?
It is a casual place but \""upscale\"" casual if that makes sense.
Not only was the food wonderful but the staff are friendly.
I've implemented the following- Fetching current location Nearby physiotherapist based on current location Autocomplete search box What I want to achieve- Show nearby physiotherapist based on user's input (place) I am getting confused on how to achieve this.
My boyfriend seemed surprised and delighted by the coffee roasted chicken with the orange-ricotta sauce( the bite I had was quite tasty).
how to connect SQL server db with windows authentication from eclipse db perspective How to connect SQL server db 2008 with windows authentication from eclipse db perspective.
Don't lay on drupal's teaser system.
I have been to Il Piz several times overthe past few years and I have yet to be impressed.
Located nearby the airport, the well-lit, wooded interior starts with a pathway that leads to the large overhead menu, the ordering counter, and the dining area.
All of .net is available in the .net SDK, so in theory you will not need Visual Studio at all.
Replace your jquery code with code below as you are creating the anchor tags with ajax and for the code those does not exists so just load the inside and it will work :
And it's so dirt cheap too!
If you are in Pittsburgh like the Food Channel said you have to visit this establishment.
I made a beeline for the back of the shop, where they probably have fifty varieties of coffee beans, and at least as many varieties of tea.
One of the best meals I've had in PGH yet!\n\nA final caveat: don't forget to make a reservation.
We used to live right around the corner from this delicious Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives spot, and I'm so sad to now live 30 minutes away.
There are definitely cases, and I suspect this is one of them, where it's helpful to have a separate Admin skin.
It's not actually a Django question but rather a ORM question, you need to understand what and how ORM works (apart from the language and the framework used).
Just as there is a place for women reading trashy romance novels.
You could change environment configuration not to do it but I see no reason why would you.
It was Orzo with radicchio, spinach and sundried tomatoes.
LUNCH: This was one of my favorite lunch spots when I lived and worked in Pittsburgh.
Under most circumstances, simply calling the open() function from this module will do the right thing.
It should be what Mel_T just answered..
\n\nThe staff at the front desk and the pro shop are great people, too.
But my question is why not just turn my into and simply use php variables.
ceil function doesn't return what it should I have a problem with the ceil function in matlab.
Now why does it work from cmdline?
The attendant's demeanor was condescending and snobbish, I felt like I was wasting this person's time, so I took my money elsewhere.
In standard C, the pragma provides the means to control this value-changing optimization.
So good, enough to jack it up to 3 maybe 3.5 stars.
The ribs are worth going for, my friends said this was there new BBQ place for them and they will be black.
But when doing so, the style contains a that maps to the Path and this ContentPresenter has no attribute to change through the trigger!
The password and username in my odbc files were being ignored.
The first 5 constructor calls are clear.
I've had one of my purses repaired here too.
And, the server who took care of us - she did a good job but she seemed bummed out as if waiting on us was a chore.
I've missed out on a couple of these attractions for that reason.
The best and clear way to do that is: without loops, etc
Any ideas why I would be getting this error?
It is such a fun place to simply browse!
You can do it like this: node.childNodes[] pertains to which line you want to set the cursor on and the next number is the location on that line.
I am amazed at the lack of individuals willing to at least do their jobs these days.
Here is an example of the times I'm working with.
Context : Frameworks used (even if it's overkill, I practice project based learning ) : DAO : Hibernate Spring IoC Front : Spring MVC + Twitter Boostrap (if possible) TDD : JUnit DB : PostgreSQL My project is a simple billing system which would help freelancers create, edit and print/send bills to customers.
So in case, putting the in to the config didn't make a difference, I would try adding the as well.
I suppose I am a bit unusual female as in I actually love Cigar Bars.
Can't remember a time when anyone's gotten my order wrong.
( We love the afternoon Otis Spunkmeyer cookies!) We didn't use the pool, but it looked clean and inviting!
Most of their business is regulars and they definitely let you know it.
Just don't come in here with WVU gear on and you will be just fine!
Everything I tasted so far was \njuicy and tasty, cooked to perfection, and the flavors were always spot \non, and consistent.\n\nHR feature one sauce with three spiciness levels - and it rocks.
Displaying big numbers in xtable properly I know it might seem as a trivial question but I tried really hard to find solution and it was impossible.
size is 0 to 50% and size 50% to 100%.
I made a pen, to make things a little bit easier: A piece of my code:
They typically have entertainment in some form either upstairs or down.
With most everything available vegetarian, the low prices and friendly service at this little strip-mall establishment made my lunch memorable.
They also have vintage accessories too.
So the generated code has a dependency to the interface ( ).
My suggestion is don't eat here- you're only asking for drama.\n\nBut then you get home with that steaming pie, and all the parking nonsense, questionable customer service, and wait in line vanishes as you're enveloped in cheesey, meaty goodness.
The only disappointment from my meal were my yams.
I want to try the dinner buffet next time im in town.
Every record of file contains 5 tuples Initial Vector[0] Initial Vector[1] Initial Vector[2] 1st byte of PRGA algorithm Every key contains 8 bytes (3 bytes of Initial Vector-given + 5 bytes of secret key) How can I apply any specific attack (i.e RC4 ) and find the keys (5 secret bytes) from millions of rows in each file?
Sounds like the UIView itself is not being released.
Or try to use the python-pexpect package instead of Subprocess .
I will definitely be back, as often as I can.
I have 6 files: , , , , , .
Of course, I had to look up the reviews on Yelp before I agreed, and once I did, I was sold.
Still a great night though- definitely recommend.
Simple wrapping of C# Console behaviour in F# printfn style.
so i add the following code to my head: and this is the css in main_style_new_phones.css and in the css for phones that do not support overflow scroll in main_style_old_phones.css:
And I do mean spotless.\n\nAtriums and rocking chairs are both nice touches that make the airport feel hospitable even for a long layover.
It was very accessible for our out-of-town guests to stay uptown and walk to all of the weekend wedding celebrations.\n\n
I have one made that shows one location but I've no idea on how to create navigation to another point, every link I saw gives their web api as the solution ( and I want to do exactly what it does just programmatically through the activity and not just link into their webpage my code so far: now this only shows the one location (as it should do) but how to create another marker or something to navitage to?
The relative virtual path "WebSite3" is not allowed here My project name is WebSite3, however when i try running the code, i get the relative virtual path "WebSite3"is not allowed here.
Dynamically changing height of div element based on content I'm working on a Facebook-like toolbar for my website.
Everyone said they had a great meal and that they would order the same thing again!
Servers are polite and service is quick.
The food's delicious--just order carefully if you've dined at another Big Burrito restaurant not too long ago, to avoid getting a similar dish.
File Upload - Add to existing Input I have the following file input box that allows for multiple upload: My users pick their files and they appear in a list.
Here is an answer using Jsoup and JSON as dependencies: Output (formatted):
This is my Associative Array: How I can show only three elements using the loop ?
This place is perfect when the weather is nice and they can open the garage door.
This was a really pleasant surprise.
The rooms have large desks, which are great if you are doing paperwork or have to setup to do some business work in your room.
Their pizza is actually REALLY good.\n\nOh, and they have gluten free beers, which is good since I don't eat/drink anything with gluten in it!
The food and the service made dining here an 'experience'...
Work n Sport boots that last forever...
Here is an article from MSDN.
You can't code effectively if you're pissed off all the time.
Something like this may do the trick
I'm creating a thread to listen to the stream while I POST on the main application to the resource that publishes to Redis.
Couldn't help but get the feeling that we were annoying our waitress just by being patrons.
Put your two queries in your clause and join them on , then join with the table and show the results.
And they raised the price a dollar.
This is done because Rust tends to prefer value equality over reference equality: If you'd like to print the memory address, you can use : it looks like they are looping through a reference The syntax sugar calls on , and there's an implementation of for that returns an iterator of references to items in the iterator:
\n\nThe food took a little on the long side to come out, but it was well worth the wait.
I have referred a similar question but this was posted way back in 2011 and there was a comment in the thread that mentioned this does not work any longer.
Average Italian menu items and good service in a nice setting.
So Miquel's is definitely a perfect definition for a \""Hole in the Wall\"" but let's be honest those places clearly have the best food.
I've been here for take out and sit down lunches and have been impressed both times.
Also, it is recommended to use a block when dealing with files.
I know actionscript 3.0 follows the current ECMAscript standard and this is the reason for its lack of private constructors, but what about abstract classes, are they not in the ECMAscript standard eather?
are provided by various services that you have to sign up with.
My date complained a bit that he thought our server was a tad too stuffy but I personally think he was just being picky.
One solution is to use pango 's cairo bindings.
This has lead me to wonder if boost::ref (or std::ref for C++11) can be used to signal intention, as follows: This would be used as a company coding convention.
The server was knowledgeable, attentive and friendly.
Is there any mistake done by me.
The location is a bit wacky.
You would only need a 4 wheel alignment if your vehicle has independent suspension in the rear.
I finally gave in and stopped through one day on my way home from studying at Uptown.
I would recommend against the beef, which is also tender but chewy at the same time and the shrimp, which ends up being mostly tempura, but soggy because it was in the curry laksa broth.
At 300th frame, rectCenterX = 500 pixels.the rect size is again as the original size.
Sanders and her whole staff are prompt & go above and beyond.
Remoulade-dipped oysters, creamy clumps of spicy rice, mouth-searing fish and peppery shrimp, beer and wine, more wine, and life and love and faces flush and hearts racing.
However, it doesn't tile - it stretches.
Opening the file inside the same scope.
I was also expecting cornbread, but they didn't have any.
many access to the registers are hidden in higher-level constructs or in system or library calls which lets you avoid coding the "dirty-part".
Most of the things that I'm impressed by have almost nothing to do with the language: There's a single codebase that runs on a couple hundred different platforms, despite differences in architecture.
At night Ri-Ra's has live music and a DJ which alternate floors depending on the night.
My stylist, Lacy, moved here from another salon, and I followed her.
What @greedybuddha is saying is mostly right, but they are tricks and techniques to prevent creating the tree entirely every time step.
My expectation was that with the logic in OnLoad should mean that I always get the headers in the response and therefore 'always' get the current version of the page?
Overlap of labels for MarkerWithLabel on custom marker on Google Maps I initially used an InfoBox to create a label for a marker with a custom icon.
\n\nAs for the food, none of us could complain about being short-changed...especially the PIC who was carb-loading.
Neither moving after them after or using or attributes is possible as this would make any inline blocks referring to the variable break.
It was slightly odd that we stood outside until 10:15 before they opened the door.
Just moved here from the west coast and this is the only big grocery in town that doesn't make me feel very very homesick.\nProduce section includes a big organic section.
Otherwise return an object whose operator&lt;&lt; does what you want.
I had the spareribs as well and let me tell y'all something--Fortune Cookie puts an extra spin on them that make them addictive!
List of items are on screen each item with "Add to cart" button.
Clojure destructure map using :keys with qualified keywords not working I've tried this with both 1.7.0 and 1.8.0 and it appears that Clojure does not destructure maps using whose keys are fully qualified.
The values are of the same type ( QString and int ).
How to customize UITableView separator when the cells got a custom height I followed this post: Problem is that it doesn't work well when I have custom height for my cell.
usually due to missing another flight, as I regularly fly Air Canada and United, but sometimes end up on US Airways.
\nEr bietet nichts besonders, sondern ist einfach ein gut organisierter Flughafen, wo uns meistens unser Schwiegersohn runterholt denn er ist dort Air traffic Controller fg\nLetztes Jahr den Rekord in der Immigratio aufgestellt: 15 Minuten und wir waren durch.
The takeout gyro was great, with buttery pita and a potato-garlic spread that goes with frankly everything.
I never had one bad night at Pegasus!
Imported Polish ham for $3.99 lb.
The wife got some shrimp as an app and they came with another great spicy sauce.
That should move your branch to a new base.
I learned to have confidence and stand out from a crowd, learned a lot, had great experiences (even learned from some bad ones), met the love of my life and managed to pay off my student loans way before my private school friends had made a dent.\n\nChampaign-Urbana...
Actually, I'd recommend sharing a portion because there's just way too much food!\n\nDon't forget to get some green tea ice cream for dessert :)
Well to start, it's Chili's, you know what they serve up.
The NotFound View just contains text.
Now, in JDE 5.0, they introduced a new class, , that allows the programmer to force a retrieval from code.
While you do need to price shop a bit to make sure you are getting a fair deal it has a lot of things that you just can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
=) They also have drink specials almost every day and of course you get unlimited chips and salsa.
Alternatively can be ported to the global file and the compiler can be included in a desired Bundle build method.
The pool lifeguard is super friendly.
SQLAlchemy: order_by(None) for joinedload subclause queries?
My boyfriend and I didn't have cash on us and when we realized you needed cash for entry, this guy who was a regular shelled out 40 bucks if we promised to keep coming back.
I am implementing Unit of Work.
The configure block exists for code you want to run at start up, so setting your variable their makes sense.
I am now trying to make it compatible with Ext 4.2.1 but I ran into this error: Please, see the for test cases.
Although not set in stone, when using floating point samples are usually in the range , so you want to divide the samples by .
The Godzilla roll was my husbands favorite.....though, I thought it was just too much going on!
if the Constructor throws a checked exception it won't be wrapped and the compiler can't tell what will be thrown.
Example : Register.bat /param1:value1 /param2:value2 What is does, is loop all the commandline params, and that set the variable with the proper name to the value.
C# will use properties instead of getXXX methods, and use CamelCase instead of all caps.
But those employees seem to be gone and everyone is very nice again.
"Hash table" is just a fancier way of saying "ordinary Javascript object".
its a bit annoying and when I forget it often causes a few minutes of wasted time...
If any konw the answer please let me know.
I need to figure out how to get in on this action.\n\nYou might think that I don't like the Melting Pot, and you couldn't be more wrong.
Fatal error: Cannot use string offset as an array Not making any sense at all I have the fatal error coming up in the error log but it is not affecting the application at all for some reason.
A correct way would be to assign the connection string to a property like this: and then you could connect with
His meal came with a salad or soup, mine did not.\n\nThey started our meal with rolls and butter.....I wish I got to try the bread and oil dip that I saw a few other people wrote about!\n\nTHe price point was close to $20 per person.
Let me highlight some great finds\n1.
I recommend using urls in form etc, so first parameter is always language.
The short answer is to write code the way you're comfortable with and the way you've been taught.
In fact I've never had a bad meal.
If you try wheel zoom over - it will work, outside of - not work, but works for other browsers.
If you are going to roll your own solution, one thing I would recommend is sitting down with your network admin and coming up with a best-practice deployment model for the service he's providing (e.g.
I ordered the reubin sandwich, which was also awesome as well.
I believe I went on a Friday night too.
But I did not let that deter me from venturing out of my car and into the building.
this is the chill bar that I've been looking for..
What is the logic that you want?
Every single oysters were nicely packed on ice for the 40 minutes ride home.
The Mexican rice at Pedro's is very tomatoey (?) Service at Pedro's is not as good as Laredo's.
The service for that large party and whenever its just the hubby and I has always been great.
It takes a lot of effort to create a good UI because it needs to be designed according to specific user needs and not because of some mundane API-UI conversion task that can be fully automated.
There are two entrances (one on 6th Street, one on Tryon), and if the line is too crowded at one, I suggest checking out the other (when we were there, 40 people must have been waiting in line at 6th Street, but upstairs on Tryon was empty).
I don't usually go for Cajun, but there's so much here that there's always something I'm \""in the mood\"" for.
I do have plans setup on stripe.
In my book and palate I think this is a pretty good deal.
I eat at this place at least once a week.
Change your query to remove the criterion, thus allowing the aggregate function to use all the records it finds in the range scan on .
No I am getting an error in logcat What I can understand from this and looking at the code for is I need to to call but I could not understand where should I call this?
web2py insert on duplicate key update How to use DAL in web2py to perform INSERT ...
Had to make the hub call to reserve.\n\nLovely spot with food that didn't disappoint.
The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them.
Instead, you have to pass it a pointer to the first element, as in: Or, equivalently: This just affects the first call, the recursive call is correct, of course.
I cannot believe the amount of real crab meat inside.\n\n I went with a group of people and was embarrassed by the size of the prime rib that was on my plate.
Which one you choose is completely up to you.
HTTP Illegal state exception I have the following code, which in general works without problems: When postJSON has the following, I get an IllegalStateException, with the message "Manager is shut down": I got a similar message when the items array had malformed content, but I don't see the problem here.
follow API calls from D to B in the editor and debugger.
After reading a majority of the prior reviews of this place, I feel like I should get out the soapbox again, because some of you should be ashamed of yourselves.
In case of conflict you should select the higher number of the two.
I can't even remember all the Marriott's I've stayed at, but I do remember all the good ones.
They are involved in the community beyond their job and remember where you work if you ever tell them.
What version of Simple_form are you using?
After I took it home it took no time to get acquainted with it.
Big salad, not skimping on the ingredients, and nice piece of fish on top.\n\nI'll definitely be back.
I love their focus on sourcing from vendors as local as possible.
there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition.
really yummy, all the car hops are super nice and quick!
Wouldn't stay in that motel again but will eat at Miguel's again for sure!
So, I purposely planned my road trip route just to get my Jack in the Box fix!
My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up.
he thinks that design pattern is more suitable.
The next time I would love to dine in and try your other seafood entrees.
For XML-RPC there is following code: A simple example: Benchmarking: Straight use of for comparison: Benchmarking: Much worse.
Service is excellent and the place is always clean.
Now, what I'm trying to do is, change the colour of this Fill attribute when you select one of the items in the listbox...
If you're looking for a place to stay when visiting Carowinds, and the area, this place is perfect.\n\nI stay here when I'm making a weekend at the amusement park that is literally right across the street!
(I think I got the terminology right)
\n\nThere's plenty to do, from pool, darts, live music, horseshoes, ping pong, and cornhole.
For platforms other than Android, you may .
Very caring about my two pups.
She remembered having given a magnetic \""Ben At Work\"" sign to a friend and called that friend up to ask whether she might be able to get it back.
Is it for restriction purpose, to restrict access of non static variables inside a method?
Watching the clock tick is not actively delivering value to the user.
Try following way with highest reading priority value, This will surely solve out your problem.
great customer service and will get whatever it is you want.
\n80's music has a way of draining the aggression from testosterone pumped drunkards.
Unicode provides Directional Formatting Characters ,and Qt supports it well.
It was the perfect ratio of pasta to broth and it was not heavy on the salt which is a good sign--you know the kitchen staff TASTES the food before serving it!
The Food was very good and the prices were moderate.
I'm guessing it's because I don't have google map on my emulator but still I should see something in the logs which I don't.
OpenCover acquires less memory and can generate nice HTML, XML coverage reports.
The past two to three decades of growth have left few vestiges of the old South.
(Which for maximum possibility of recovery should be as much like the original as possible in MySQL version and other environmental data).
I'm happy to tinker but at the moment i've been stalled for a while so was hoping someone else might have a few ideas.
Is there any way to do it only with jQuery?
Qt localization: loading the localizable string probelm I want to load the localized string in a Qt application.
You walk around the side to pay and they give you a number.
How big that is depends on your JVM and settings.
I remember going to the OPH near Detroit when I was kid.
How to inject ngRoute into Jasmine / Karma AngularJS unit test?
Nginx proxy rewrite configuration it is possible to rewrite a url and use a proxy server for backgound connection?
Flavorful food, fantastic pricing plus attentive service.
Of course, the facility was beautiful and staff was friendly.
When using the same site in Internet Explorer (11.0.9600.17842) we are expiriencing problems when using the webcam.js to take pictures.
which are great when first made.
To link to a form you need: then hide the previous form
i would definitely return to pamela's on my next trip to the 'burgh.
This is definitely the best Chinese food in Charlotte and may be the best overall restaurant in town.
I would highly suggest going there, the food is healthier for you and isn't much more than our typical everyday food.
stiill got lots more to enjoy.
I had the chicken salad sandwich, not to saucy or creamy, and fresh.
Since then I've tried many of their delectable pastries and some noteworthy ones include the decorative cookies, almond torte, and pecan tassies - I'm sure everything else is also wonderful!\n\nI'm so happy they recently opened up their downtown location, now I don't have to worry about hours of operation b/c I work so close to them downtown, but I still think fondly of the Shadyside location.
GAE-Development-Server: How to exclude part of the code from beeing checked for restricted classes?
Is there any problem to upload an app on AppStore which is using ShareKit framework/code?
I think the error is in class.
The store was a little on the \""sloppy/pack rat/ sweaty/ definitely wouldn't hurt to mop every once in a while\"" side.
It's very difficult (I call it lucky) to find solution in complicated app just from your session logging.
How I can remove it using javascript?
That said, it is a bit overwhelming at first and you may have to drive around a few minutes to find a parking space.
how windows media player call third-party Decoder MFT?
They're genuinely nice and know what they've got on the menu.
So thumbs up, Cappy's, for treating your female employees with some respect!\n\nMy wife and I moved away from the Shadyside area a few months ago.
If he's touching any, figure out what direction you should move him away from each object, and combine all of those directions to form a single vector.
I went here in the evening after a long day of class with a great friend.
I know I could write this query with SQL but ive been trying to learn a no sql db, hence mongo.
Build cpp application I have a list of files (cpp, h, and also child-folders inside with cpp/h too).
matplotlib log scales causes missing points I'm having a really strange issue with matplotlib.
Then I want to as variable of a function in another select: The fun is pre-defined in PHP: The problem is that the variable is not updated at all.
If you want Cousins, GO TO THIS ONE!
free right by the front desk.
The server helped me patiently figure out what was good, and we settled on Southern Fried Chicken, Collard Greens and Mac & Cheese.
Now, let us know what errors you get and if you managed to fix them.
This is how to do it: You need to send a special APDU to ask for the remaining data and look for status 0x61xx cl, ins, p1, p2, = (0x00, 0xa5, 0x00, 0x00)
How to stop when a condition in if statement is satisfied, when debugging How to stop when a condition in if statement is satisfied, when debugging?
My question is, why could the server see other properties (it would also give an error about the ones) But doesn't see ?
I got two php pages: client.php and server.php server.php is on my web server and what it does is open my amazon product page and get price data and serialize it and return it to client.php .
It's possible that Firefox versions between 29 and 35 might be incompatible with Selenium 2.45, although this is just a guess on my part.
It was a little greasy but pretty tasty.
They moved the shoes to a more open and flowing location.
I've only eaten here for lunch.
They have been nothing but great!!!!
But my class does not extend activity.
I am using native dll and calling its exported function in mixed assembly in C++/CLI code.
The wonton soup and anything with duck in it, in particular, are really well-flavored.
I want the Slider to stay where it is and the footer just to be in its right position and should move according to when content is added HTML: JavaScript/JQuery: CSS :
Don't be surprised if a driver developer fails to follow the WIA driver guidelines.
Polite, attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.
The wretched truth is that after decades of writing in Perl, I've never masted the deep dark secrets of regular expression parsing.
Great for drink specials, especially martinis.
\nOnce entered, the first few shelves have feature books (ex.
\n\nFood was well cooked and fresh ingredients - it was worth sitting outside!
The issue you're running into isn't that your program doesn't work, but that it takes a long, long time.
This is only possible using public/private key authentication.
* prototype==> *In simple words,I am used for extension purpose * constructors==> *I am used for creating multiple instances.Any function can be used as a constructor by using the new keyword.
Not a console mode app, it requires the kind of code you find in .
I eat here a few times a year and my favorite first courses are the lobster bisque (Very good, but not as good as capital grille) and the tuna tartare.
I wasn't sure how salvageable it was, and he was honest in telling me that my paint was too thin to try polish on (would rub the last of the paint off), but he did give me some recommendations on how to keep what paint I have left on the truck for years to come.
I picked 4 stars, which means, according to Yelp, \""yay!
(i'm not a great salmon fan.) the rest of my party enjoyed dishes like the calamari appetizer and the entrees Mediterranean whole sea bass and grilled filet.
flip in pages in Wpf with add pages dynamically I want to create application in which I want to give flip effect to each pages, I mean I want my application work and look like book.
If you want true, simple, excellent Italian food, Ristorante Luce will deliver.
The style part of the line should look something like this:
Eventually, the car seats fit, the paperwork came back, we buckled everyone up, and took off.\n\nFast forward to returning the car and my husband discovering we'd been charged over $200 for extra insurance.
You are the one that reads and writes that data, so you can for example assign specific bytes in the space you have to certain properties of your class.
\n\nGood soups and sandwiches, being vegan I love their offerings.
AbstractClass.h(7) : warning C4505: 'AbstractClass::Cancel' : unreferenced local function has been removed with [T=int] ...when I compile "Child.cpp".
I waited in line at one and wasn't able to get the breakfast sandwich I so desired.
Yum and be sure to grab a mint if you're on your way back to the office.
You can assign this macro to a button or to a shortcut.
I assume the HTML page is automatically generated from some DB.
In broom ball, the players clad only in their everyday clothes and without ice skates, go out on the ice with a broom-like stick to swat at a ball until makes it into the other team's goal.
If you didn't want this behavior, you wouldn't do the copy: instead, you have this: Since you tagged ...it's something that only matters if your lists themselves contain mutable arguments.
Have also set identifier for each .
When I select , I get .
He was closed but was still there cleaning and took me in for a great old school cut.
Doesn't look like the ShareTarget/DataTransfer APIs are available in the API set that's tagged as being okay to use from Desktop so it looks like you're out of luck for now.
read data from excel file c# to mongodb database My application needs to read data from an excel file and stocks it in MongoDB database.
My boyfriend and I stopped into the Getaway last night to catch the last two periods of the Pens vs.
I start the task, it allocates a bunch of memory, it sits for a bit (The flat line on top) and then I stop the task.
The water is cool; perfect for a workout but if one wanted there is a smaller warm pool as well.
No matter where you are, you can always depend on a capital grille to be top notch in every aspect.
Probably you can also use another callback on the application model which happens before, there are plenty of them.
This has been on my radar for a while.
The broth tasted of every one of those things - a warm, inviting flavor.
Okay, wir sa\u00dfen auch in Reihe 5 und waren dementsprechend schnell drau\u00dfen aus dem Flieger.
Consider the following implementation: By setting the allowCoreThreadTimeOut() to , the threads in the pool are allowed to terminate after the specified timeout (60 seconds in this example).
The Web Service project makes alot of use of the Utils project and the idea is that this DLL will also be shipped to clients because they will need functionality from it as well.
They have the perfect texture, the perfect taste, the perfect look, the perfect smell...
Go with a big group and ask for the lounge upstairs or a window booth.
How can I get the GUID from a PDB file?
I am a fan of this place :)
For example: Where Property1 and Property2 are bindable properties of an item in your ItemsSource.
I've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right!
Thank you for that side of caramel and the Caribbean Lemonade recommendation.
Delicious, tender butternut squash raviolis with an orange creame sauce, bits of proscuitto, walnuts and sage.
Endless amounts of great pasta, plus everything else that came with the buffet table.
With me it was, that I installed from Ubuntu repositories and followed the tutorials that suggested installation of elasticsearch/elasticsearch-cloud-aws/1.4.0.
Take a look at Performing Custom Painting for more details The next question that comes to mind is why?
Personally, I assaulted those potatoes and didn't look back.\n\nThe cheesesteak was average.
It's amazing that they can make Choice cuts taste like Prime.
On my quest to be a refined English lady I've been on a hunt for the cities best high tea service.
To verify, check the first few values in the column- these will all be set to if I am right.
At end resolve it by using RawPrinterHelper class available from Microsoft.
You'll have no problems getting here fast enough that you won't turn into a pumpkin.
I've filed a report/query with dplyr .
Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :).
Check that you do actually have this binary at the path shown (it should have been included in the android ndk).
The service was good and the food came out very soon after we ordered.
If you want to know more, I recently summarized my findings on lambda expressions .
I get django in python 2.7.
I reasrched a lot about compound graphs in MPanroidCHart library.
This is not a place you go everyday but they own a lot of other places here in Charlotte.
I do not know what to do and I have tried looking at everything everyone has suggested but I just do not know what to do so any help would be greatly appreciated!
You could take the log file when you want to check did GC gets into action, It could be checked from the GC logs.
All of the food was truly tasty, especially when you added a bit of the \""yummy\"" sauce that the chef provided.
The problem is that {Video-250} and {Video-500} tumblr variables both create a div for the tumblr videos with the same id.
Make sure you are hitting the RAISERROR command, make it the first command inside the procedure.
I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area.
In which case you need to byte-reverse the samples.
\n\nThe food service person will visit you on the next food serving time and get your order for the next meals.
Log files don't have to contain only errors, but various types of messages.
Originally, the regular expression is broken into tokens, and the first token is used.
But the request has a different base URI so the browser (with no clue that the base is different) blindly attempts to retrieve the css as , which fails because you have rules that mishandle that URI.
The dessert section of the buffet had a ton of variety but the mango ice cream was superb.
Big full head rainfall shower and comfy pillow and mattresses to relax after a long day
pip install in Cygwin cannot find file error I am on a Mac OS El Capitan, running a Windows 10 64-bit VM inside Parallels.
The banana cake is fantastic as desert and the fried plantains really balance out the flavors of the meal well.
if your text box coming dynamically then you should try try this and let us know if its works or not.
It's a husband (chef) and wife (waitress) team that owns/runs the place and my family and I have been coming here for years.
The place looks like it was decorated about the same time many other cities built up chinatown areas; I like the decor, even if it might be slightly dated.
\n\nThe staffs here are just like grandmothers too...
you can use script assertions E.g.
Also, if this can be accomplished using Visual Studio 2008 and SSRS more easily, that would work as well because that is the final goal of this query.
I also tried with Visual C++ (2010) following the instructions of .
This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Those two features I'd like to achieve in RSpec.
Chipotle maybe?) and some kind of other sauce that was like a chunky salsa/sweet-n-sour thing.
You are in a city and on a reasonably busy street, so don't expect the charming home to be continued into a surrounding yard (although they do have an attractive new deck out back).
Query that gives one column per counter type can also be done, you will have to either do a join or a group by with 'case' statements for every counter.
Not the best place for an intimate dinner or quiet conversation on the weekend.
Over all it is decent with pretty good service.
That said, if you have the dough, go for the $75/person omakase.
This is probably really straightforward but I cant find any examples or tutorials to follow.
I need to extend spring applicatioContext xml file with new beans definitions and then add references to them to list, which is a property of one bean: Basic applicationContext xml file: Depends on instance of application I have different providers, so I need to add them to the list.
Is it possible to start up a JSF-2 page (assuming I have the *.html and backing bean) using embedded Jetty?
If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation, Casbah is it.
We did a take out of 4 dozen blue point oysters for 3 people and it was worth the drive across town just to get them.
Web based RTF editor solution I've been researching on how to do this for about a week now and I guess I am looking for the best way to go about doing what I am trying to accomplish.
asp.net mvc - Data lost on post back I have a form that only has a checkbox.
How to split a csv file 20 lines at a time using Splitter EIP, in apache camel?
Displaying a legend in a line chart using Telerik UI for Xamarin How can I display a legend in a line chart using Telerik's UI for Xamarin?
They told him to 'look for the smoke\"" and we would be there.
Please help to find the solution.
In fact, you might just be better off walking up and ordering whatever you want without looking at the menu.
Here is the activity where the number and messages to be sent is collected from: Also I may add, when inputting data into the second activity.
I have 2 APIs: API A with endpoint: API B with endpoint: API A call API B, that mean: Client send request -> API A -> API B.
He was very reasonable about getting my car fixed up all the way for a price that was within my insurance limit.\n\nThanks to BWP, my car looks brand new, just like it did before a tree fell on and I don't have to take the bus to my new job!
The Swing API is complex enough with adding unnecessary challenges.
To address your question, the result of is -10, but is an , so the real answer is probably something like 4294967286 (2 32 - 10).
One of the best chinese restaurant in charlotte.
Maria, our bartender who's worked there 13 years, gave excellent food and drink recs and was really attentive despite the rush - she basically made our night.
Okay these guys are really good guys, they provided free bike tune-ups along the MS 150 route if you guys are familiar with that.
\n My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.
They always bring samples out to those waiting for a seat and offer coffee to hold people over when it's cold out.\n\nIf you're running solo or with one in tow, I recommend you check to see if there are spots at the bar (first come first serve).
Everything seems to work fine, but that's where it ends.
This is a great restaurant for any occasion.
This is one of the best places to get a top-notch meal.
The decor is like an slightly charming mess of old furniture, clean table clothes, and scarves draped over the windows of the converted garage.
An array printed out with print_r cannot be parsed back into a variable.
Haven't eaten inside yet but I would like to some time, because the place is nice and cozy.
You might find it useful to use state machine .
However, I'd recommend not putting that logic in the view, breaking up a tag like that.
Make me wanna buy lotsa candy.
I don't mind 30 cent wings, I just like honesty up front.
I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly?'\n\nThis is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets.
How to sort elements in an ArrayList of Strings?
Wan Fu is by far my favorite traditional Chinese restaurants in Charlotte.
Like the tatami mat seating as well.
Sammie gets groomed about every other month and she loves it!
Their fish fry is also very good.
In the modal table didSelectRowWIthIndexPath, get the genre string from that array.
Is there a way know what decision took the JLabel itself while displaying the text.
Add to your calling intent Add to the activity in menifest
I enjoyed the crab rangoon especially.
\nI ordered to-go and the person who answered the phone and gave me my order was very friendly.
But, as outlined above, my setup calls for the elements to be manipulated before being inserted into the DOM (long story).
Is there a way to automatically center text without playing around with padding?
There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big.
I think my living room is bigger.
All be it a small venue, The Visulite is quite a nice place to catch a show.
It's a bit edgier than most of the others bars in the area, which also gives it a lot more character.
Clearly the correct thing to do is to add unit tests, but it is not clear how to do this.
Here are the constraints : I must have at least one language I cannot have a comma at the end of the string I one language can appear only one time in the string EDIT : I have an important list of possible languages The two last constraints are the problem, i don't know how to do it.
\n\nThe crowd tends to be black.
Once you park your car you go down an elevator, then walk about 200 feet to the entrance to the hotel, then walk another 200 feet to another set of elevators up to your room then walk another x amount of feet to your room.
For your class before all the other stuff.
While looking around I reached a mailing list discussion where someone said it's the reverse of the operation Ctrl + W , T without providing the solution.
It's necessary to have the statement at the top of the module Also some adjustments to the function (now a procedure) to allow the process of the list.
All the above is in file 'etc/apache2/sites-enabled/default.conf'.
I think I can only go here like once a year though, to prevent my heart from exploding.
I tried it with Java, but just couldn't get faster than 30ms+ so now I am trying to generate a video that will display images as fast as I want without worrying about memory or CPU power.
I was hoping the wings would be a bit larger but overall they tasted delicious!
not stingy on the toppings while not overwhelming the pizza either.
Tons of unmelted cheese, whole tomatoes, very crispy crust.
I cant seem to get the loaded url of the video with this delegate.
The Web Server ' could not be found.
The workers are always so happy and take good care of you!
At the conceptual level an array name is a ptr, they are absolutely the same thing, CONCEPTUALLY.
I've tried looking at Task.Factory.FromAsync(), but all of the examples I can find only include direct calls to BeginXXX / EndXXX, not doing anything with the response.
The latest generation of revision control systems are much different.
We were unimpressed with BBQ shrimp's flavor.
Using AsyncTask with timer in fragment I'm using Asynctask to load data via Volley.
One note - we visited here once on Monday and there was basically nothing to be had in the store.
Option 3: Tuck it away in a helper method Then in the helper:
The older man who places the accordion is very friendly and entertaining (although at times he plays too loud...he means well!) Overall, one of my favoriate restaurants in the area.
You have values and don't want to loose precision by casting to , which will always be one of .
What does "visibility" refer to in the Activity Lifecycle?
Child node should come under parent node in next row with indentation.
Snap out of it, take a class in immunology.
I want to use an existing reqular expression in my Siebel application.
I got it to go and forgot it in my car so I didn't eat much.
On any given Sunday the restaurant is packed with people and the wait is over an hour, but it is totally worth the wait.
Very friendly and more pleasing to your eye than your local busted-ass Hooters girl.
So I am headstrong about making lentil soup that day and instead of going to Whole Foods (see past review).\n\nI have been to the South Hills GE Market District before.
We go here all the time and have ordered almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.
Note: If you're dealing with content where there are frequent updates on past content, you'd likely want to use the Graph API's Batch Requests feature , as opposed to downloading each post individually.
I especially like that they offer a small size of their gyros sandwich.
I have a number of commands that make calls to a soap web service (Betfair API).
(Maybe your plugin will not be supported later on...) Then restart by building up your site: Category - Article - Menu Firstly, create the categories you wish.
I had to have my bridesmaid dress taken in in the bust and had to have it done in under a week.
\nThey have a great wine and cocktail selection too.
but the problem couldn't be solved.
php command line print in object not returning I am trying to run some php from the command line but the php in my class is not being hit.
I cannot imagine a more beautiful hotel venue for a wedding.
If there are some rows after inserted ones, then their data are compared.
Awstats provides a perl script that can merge several apache log files together.
I'm not sure (again, from a philosophical standpoint) if this ought to be enough to break the mathematical abstraction that the API presents.
Everything everyone in our group got looked pretty good.
In my case cached about 5MB before passing it on.
now i can write my review.\n\nthe service is so-so, seeing as i had one girl who had no idea what goods they had to offer me with the keyword i gave her (cinnamon, obviously) and the cash register broke as soon as she swiped my card..adding another 10 minutes to the trip, but all in all, i'm am very pleased with what i left with.\n\none chocolate sour cream cup.
As described in the menu, indeed it was \""highly addictive\"".\n\nTable service was great, nothing took too long and it seemed pleasant and casual.
They now use Penn State Creamery ice cream.
Windows Phone 7.5 App download Do I need active phone connection to download app from the Windows Market Place?
We have never been disappointed with anything we've ordered, entrees to side dishes or deserts.
The filling almost looked like cous cous or quinoa.
It really capped off a nice weekend in Pittsburgh.\nSo, Mr.
So, if you initialize the sourcemaps after concat and before uglify, the sourcemaps stores the transformations from that particular step.
The ambience is really nice-- it has an intimate, yet warm, homey feel to it, which is good if you want to go for a date or with your family.
As far as I know , some goals are yet not available with the tomcat7 mojo and is one of them.
I've gotta say, this one is one of my favorites.
In my testing this is 80% faster than using EXPORT command in 4GL code.
Resize tumblr videos I have created a tumblr theme.
There ice cream is great and their prices are good--evident by the line that is always out to Carson St.
Perhaps you can find a lightweight Java-based HTTP server that can run your local process with GWT-RPC code inside it to minimize the changes to your current code.
Object html tag data attribute not working with angularjs binding in IE11 I got any application where I need to display file from urls I got in database.
What you would have to do is simply change the method onCreateView in you ContainerFragment class to: This works because of the way the FragmentPagerAdapter implementation handles fragment tags.
I'd suggest caching the patterns and having a method that uses the cache.
Not to mention that during conversion process at some point you will hold multiple copies in memory.
I put it in so like this: I'm only concerned because it seems more "wordy" in the helper than the model.
Page's has was a staple of my childhood and young adult life.
Or if there's an alternative approach?
I was worried that the prices may increase due to the remodel, but no, they are the same.
You need to call to read the events from the event queue and act on them (dispatch).
Fatal errors don't produce 500 errors in and of themselves, they would return 200 with blank page typically (if no output had been flushed to browser at the point of the error) .
How to average elements in one array based on values in another array?
Does anyone know of some other secret documentation or something like that that can be more specific?
Just wondering why it won't work when I am using the directive - have been googling and tweaking for a few days but can't figure it out.
The image that its id is '100' will shown in UIImageView.
No sooner than we've ordered at the counter and sat down, someone's bringing our food out to us.
Here is my : A little update.
Things are harder with Windows and there are different possibilities with different tradeoffs.
The pints have some odd prices: $5.61 for Guinness and Newcastle and $4.68 for Sam Adams.\n\nThey had some live music (a guy with a wee guitar singing eclectic covers) which was decent and ended at 1am.
Service was excellent and you can't beat the prices.
How can I get all component and widget Id of current Android window screen programmatically?
I am trying to achieve URL-Rewriting for my Application.
The mixed grill, the sausage and egg on a biscuit, the home fries.
I've been to Alexander Michael's a few times now and always have a great time.
Dejected, I walked my rumbly tummy up Liberty Ave, and lo and behold, another Thai restaurant appears a few blocks up.
They have 3 kinds of hot dogs so it caters even to the vegetarian.
We went at a time when the restaurant wasn't crowded.
The salad bar is nothing super special, but it's adequate.
EnterpriseDB is a company that provides supported commercial versions of PostgreSQL with some value-added software.
When the first InitA instance is constructed, which is now guaranteed to be before your GlobalB instance is constructed, the InitA constructor can do whatever it has to do to ensure that the globalA instance is initialized.
New favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.
\n\nThis is a great place to watch a game or just hang out.
I was able to make GWT work with libgdx simply by: downloading ( the GWT SDK, extracting it, then in the project structure -> -> dependencies, just press the + and add the extracted GWT directory A dialog appears and I just unticked all the samples The "Dependencies Storage Format" needed to be "Intellij IDEA", not Eclipse for this to work for me.
but there is an ATM just down the street.
The IBindingList interface, such as the BindingList class.
Do the complimentary valet parking sons not to have parking issues.
dont know what the deal is with CFA, but they are always nice, smiling, and seem to value your business.
A webcontainer (like tomcat) can store arbitrary data together with a session id - A cookie is quite limited in size.
\n\nSmokey Bones is more like a great place to drink and watch sports on any number of televisions that are all over the place.
Qt - How to post a banner on the dialog?
Barbara is great with dogs and has a ton of experience, but I totally had the, \""well, if my kid isn't good enough for them, screw them!\"" thoughts running through my head.
I believe making a div is easier than making a infobox, true?
It really isnt good coffee people.
In order to make an ajax request when the session is invalidated you can implement a custom authenticator and override the method:
There can be a wait so do not expect to get in an out very fast.
The function expects you to give it an object that matches the mode of the file.
All I have to say is I'm going nvm because now I have to eat one of everything on their menu.
In other words, you can't make an array point to something else once created.
In the winter the bier stube is cozy and fun.\n\nThe staff is awesome and the beer is delicious.
The new window shows pdf controls only ) Any idea why the content of the pdf is not showing?
Especially the entirety of the combination platter they make with chicken fingers and wings.
I love local bakeries and this one is tremendous!
I cannot improve the Google Ads.
And, that was a long sentence, but not as long as those of some really antiquated authors I've read.\n\nIn any case, the Macaroni Company is a little slice of Italy mixed with Pittsburgherness and fun.
I found this: TL;DR: If you are using proguard add this to your config:
In the Swift that I've seen, you can create a , for instance: However, there were no search results matching, for example .
I am using java script in my application.I want to highlight the search element as well as keep the cursor at the position of search item in textbox.
Thank all and sry for my bad english.
My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved.
When a reference to a cell is made via a , (usually by iOS, when loading your view), iOS calls the methods in its lifecycle - e.g., , to work out how to display it etc.
Reading byte array from files in Visual Basic I have a code for Visual Basic programming language that reads byte array from files, I use that code: That code does it's job well, but I have one problem, It's very slow, it takes big time to read array bytes from files with size of 100 KB and from bigger files.
Hands down the best pancakes I have ever put in my mouth.
This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh!
Or at least give me reassurance that the error will remain harmless in any situation?
That's how works: it always modifies the first object in the argument list.
It seems that my spring config insists on creating the repositories in the standard way, instead of using the given MyRepositoryFactoryBean, giving me I'm using Spring 3.2.2-RELEASE and spring-data-jpa-1.3.2-RELEASE, which is the latest if I'm correct.
But this is a great place to go for a special occasion.
Fries, coleslaw, provolone, whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread.
Skrollr background: position property applied to an image does not work I am trying to animate opacity and parrallax position property of a few images using the scrollr.
The chunks of clam were huge and tender, not chewy.
In Erlang, the and operators do not do short-circuit evaluation; you have to use and operators if you want short-circuiting behavior.
This of course is fragile, any additional constructor added to the type will compile perfectly fine.
\n\nGive this place a try you won't regret it.
I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9, but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain.
The service was also extraordinary, as always, and I look forward to my next visit!
Give the Southwest Shrimp a try.
Example: ASPX JQUERY Page Renderized Code Behind How can I recover the that was add via Jquery in my component ?
If you can use conio.h then you can do that by reading input in a character array with getch() function.
You can see this if you put an image next to some text.
I am using Entity Framework code First Approach so I have the mapping model like shown below.Like this I have 40 models Now I want to know the length of column such as BC_ID as shown above programmatically.How can I get max column Length ?I think we can do it using Reflection class but do not know exactly how to do it.I am using Entity Framework 5.0
The experience was quiet, reflective, and mind stimulating.
Though some of the gentlemen tend to have a bit of an attitude, they are always willing to help you find what you're looking for.
I want to hide the iOS nav bar on particular view Now I'm pretty sure there is a way to do this as i saw this post earlier but I just want confirmation so i can prove to my developer there is a way to hide the footer nav buttons on a particular view.
Really took 10-20 min for full fluid change for nice price.
I would definitely order this pizza again.
For buttons, i prefer to use:
The server is responsible of taking into account this header to return the supported content.
Update: So I tried to create the directory but I am being told that I don't have permission even though the documentation says I can write to the tmp.
I dine there at least once a week now, sometimes more, as this dish is truly addicting.
You can't parameteterize table name with PDO and MySQLi prepared statements, because SQL server needs basic information to prepare the query before executing actual query.
This took me so long to fix but the problem was that the Assets folder was removed from the build phases/copy bundle resources folder.
But Jitsi does not have such option
For IIS 7+, you're only missing the part that defines which to handle with custom handlers: (The tag is optional, depending on your web.config hierarchy.) For IIS 6 and below, You have to set this via the IIS Manager by going to the appropriate Properties page, Custom Errors tab, then edit the appropriate HTTPError line to "Message type:" "URL" and "URL:" "~/Views/Shared/Error.aspx".
You want to monitor the When you set a property to a new value (for example ), you get both a propertyChanged event and a change to the entity's .
Simply closing the VPN solved the issue.
It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef.
The fries were a little dry and could have used more salt but they were good overall.\n\nI really liked the atmosphere, very relaxed and informal.
A message attachment should have a MIME type of message/rfc822.
android - loading json in expandable list view with scroll i have an application that download's and save the Json database to Storage .
Real wood-oven cooked thin crust pizza, with good quality toppings and San Marzano tomato sauce.
Server knows his shit and rocks at presenting it.
You can use this mock object to set up stubbed return values or set up expectations of methods to be called.
It's definitely a must-visit coffee shop on Walnut.
I did use Win32::GUI once for such a simple project.
While the pumpkin was incredible, I think I slightly more enjoyed the banana chocolate chip just because the combo is such a winning one!
This is already implemented for drag-out, using a custom cursor that is set in event handler (raised by when dragging items out of our app).
\n\nThe atmosphere is not really my style, but it passes as a cool calm romantic space.
Gets crowded around the normal brunch time, so go early or go late.
Prepare for your mind to be blown.
Excellent, We went last night to celebrate my parents 40th Anniversary.
I have previously used these helper functions in a slightly different state to handle most of what we need with listviews: With these your method would be:
Thumbs up, great wine selection and atmosphere.
The quinoa preperation was the BEST I have ever tasted and I am desperately trying to replicate it at home.
Called front desk but problem was never fixed - the whole week.
And sometimes the rice is a little undercooked (crunchy).
Plus, I was able to leave work 10 minutes early and actually get there before their 6pm closing time.
Perfect breading and the bun did not conflict with the taste.
I will be creating a personal application database to keep track of words.
Need some work cloths, Rolliers has it.
So if you are going on a busy, just give them a buzz as you are leaving the house.
& Sum morns which is awesome is well!
Best German food I've ever had.
I use the MAC for lap swims.
I'd been hoping to check this place out for a while, as it's located just three blocks from my apartment and I'd read good things about it.
With the semi - annual service inspections, it continues to perform as promised.
Why does the case statement doesn't take variables?
The only tricky part is that has to be a valid value, as in, it exists in .
In your example above: The $type and $prefix arguments are translated into the following: return new TableK2Item($db); So if you search for TableK2Item you should indeed find that class which has a hit() method.
So, how do you guys deal with this?
Only missed kickoff by 10 minutes!
Configuring the same machine key on both Web API and MVC solved the 'Invalid Token' issue.
So once your data is on a float, you should keep it on a float for further computation.
Definitely, be prepared to spend at least $20/person!
Over the summer we have also tried their s'mores pizza and it was a big hit.
Oversize washers for $3.00 a load\n5.
Their Fried pickles are amazing and have an awesome beer selection!
And for those suggesting regular expressions, an obligatory
\n\nI wish all brunch buffets were like this.
Since I am the one creating the files, I create them with names that begin with the date (yyyy_mm_dd) so I though that if I can get the files at least ordered by name then I'm all set.
AWS, m2.4xlarge, 8 instances in total.
Also, keep in mind that Rails Convention-Over-Configuration automatically generates the form URL in this case, by default it points to the action.
I tried to cancel and remove all the point labels before playing the other animations, but with no luck.
\n\nTheir twice-baked potato was fantastic, one of the best potatoes I've ever eaten.
Same with the input texts, the attribute should be different.
However, what I am trying to avoid is to bring a DataTable back with all my results from TableA and do a query for each of those on tableB seperately.
I came here for brunch on a Sunday with my bf, and we had a pretty good meal.
Sample code: An alternative solution could be to use a subquery to get the max date (or id, if the article / trailer ids are auto_increment fields).
In my model I have Which runs the query: .
I recommend the fried chicken, catfish, yams and mac-n-cheese.
One minute, I was lying in the chair in excruciating pain, and the next, I was in the recovery room, and it was all over.
I also like the mixed grill.
What I'd like for it to do is accept a command-line flag in place of req * If you read The Go Programming Language Specification , §Types , including §Function types , you will see that Go has strong static typing, including function types.
Now they have some parking decks to help carry the load instead of all surface lots.\n\nLocation, Location, Location!
At index=1, repeat and store to set y.
This is a regular go-to for me.
My answer: Every decision can be generated just using binary decisions.
Or Worse :) Here are some links that demonstrate the idea I am looking for ideas.
this re expression '.{1,160}\s' almost works however it cuts of the last word of a message because generally the last character of a message is not a space.
When it came out on the sizzling skillet it was more like well done.
For most things this has never been a problem.
What is a you pick two you ask?
When I was a kid, the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza, but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.
You go Char-Char.\n\nMy family of 4 + friend of my sister = 5 came into Mimosa on a Saturday night.
Last week I brought a couple of large pies to feed the men working at my house.
The first thing to understand is why it keeps playing forever rather than just 0.2.
So the line, reading from inside the parentheses out, does the following: Calls for the object ; Assigns the result of the call to ; Tests the value assigned for ; If it is , it jumps past the body of the loop, to 7.; If it is not , it executes the body of the loop; It then goes back to 1.
\n\nThey even gave us a picnic basket of goodies when we left the venue - wine, cheese, cheesecake, crackers and more - some nice yummy midnight snacks!\n\nEveryone we worked with, dealt with and interacted with at every level was a pleasure to deal with.
The hot and sour was very thick and a little more on the sour side.
Now I was thinking uh oh this could be bad but remember I did say Hans was an artist and his is where he proved it or real.
I want yours favour for how to do mask effect in JavaScript.
Is it best to build a JPQL query, or can I use a Native Named Query, and do I need to get a object[] and construct my POJOs manually, or can I use JPA to load the objects from the query?
it isn't heavy or too sweet at all, and holds up very well if you're traveling.
The appetizer of clam chowder was good, if not exceptional.
\n\nFood (4/5): We tried at least 7 different kinds of cheese and I didn't like any of them...
I ended up finding a solution at It looks like the date is in a format called 'ISO 8601.' On earlier browsers (Safari 4, Chrome 4, IE 6-8), ISO 8601 is not supported, so Date.parse doesn't work.
If you are just scaffolding, you are answer should be more simple: Your form should work now...
I prefer eating out on the patio if there is space available.\n\nThere is quite a variety of choices.
Set Perl to paragraph mode, prepend to newlines: Output: This takes advantage of some Perl flags : -00 The special value 00 will cause Perl to slurp files in paragraph mode.
Yes, the airport is a bit stretched out for the numbers of overall gates, but it allows for nice atriums, spaces to chill, and more restaurants and other amenities for travelers.
\nBest italian food I have had since going to Italy.
There is something about this location that stands above the rest and I can not put my finger on it.
\nBe sure to sign up for the SPG rewards so you can earn a free night at an SPG property.
defer events when table is being populated I'm creating a simple dropdown plugin where the values of the dropdown were in tabular manner.
*EDIT* I'm developing the Framework myself */EDIT* Everything is great so far, I've made a Front Controller system that taps into a MVC system.
Since it was a game day, they were offering a limited menu that boiled down to typical bar food.
I don't want to have to cast if I don't need to.
I was using gedit and had the setting wrong so it was adding tabs and not spaces so although it looked right it didn't work.
I am really at a loss here and can't seem to find an answer.
That being said, the food is fantastic.
Practically, something like: (You probably want to the above macros, using some configuration tricks à la and other autotools ; on other systems you would just have empty definitions like etc...) Then, declare a variable: or a function Then you can use or call inside your shared library, but not outside.
Being a 64bit OS, the default cmd is 64 bit (which launches the 64bit reg.exe ), so it finds the key.
A nice selection at a decent price.
I just cannot get it working.
It is also available for C# (project by SO's own Marc Gravell).
(Oracle kills one of these sessions.
The rave reviews I'd heard for Casbah were so over the top, I thought it would be impossible to live up to.
The amazing chicken will keep you coming back time and time again.
If I also select age=5 from the dropdown the url must be .
Who wants to deal with the pretentious crowd across the street at Boltinis anyway?
If any of them satisfies the condition then no need to iterate through the remaining garments collection, simple break and come out of the iterator.
The gym is connected to the pool with a \""refresh area\"" after you swim.
Both the atmosphere and food is excellent.
If you are like myself and hoard all your cash in lieu of a plastic rectangle, no worries...
in virtualizing lists in WP7/Silverlight - For your articles this might be:
Is it even possible to do this via the Express edition of VS 2008?
Nice balanced flavors, hot, creamy, delicious!
When I do a new release build, I'd like to automatically create MSP patches against a previous set of installers.
(Colder than Mexico) The carnitas tacos were fantastic!
I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!
I've added a link below that the basics of what I have currently written in Silverlight.
The staffs were all very friendly.The quarter leg was also good.
again not a problem for me.
I placed this as an edit in Alex's answer, it did not get reviewed though so I'll post it here, as it is useful information imho.
The service stands out at Cap Grill and, as long as you're in the mood for deliciously prepared but simple dishes, you won't be disappointed.
Two things to consider: Maybe you should have a habit of rebasing these branches onto the tip of master (or wherever) before landing them.
I don't get why a lot of people seem to have so many issues with this airport.
And the table with user responses is as follows: Answer 3 is essentially the speaker's rating.
To read it in again on the other end, just wrap the in (1) a and use repeatedly, or (2) a and use .
\n\nIf these were indeed the fingers of a chicken they would be of some mutant killer robot chicken that could probably kill us all.\n\nThe service can be pretty surly and they are kind of nickel and dime nazis with the water and sauce.
The selection and quality of their cheeses, meats, olives, pastas, oils, sauces, etc is just incredible.
I want to send an SFM_T element to all workers.
The front desk people are incredibly friendly and personable.
/nbsp gets interpreted as bareword at that position.
Or if you have a special occassion and feel like splurging, Capital Grille is a sure bet.
In an IPython notebook I input this code in a cell: How come the output cell only contains the second div?
" And As per your " Note : I do not need to detect the actual direction of the swipe.
Our waiter Peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food.
I went the tedious process of simply getting the token to appear on my server but now I don't know how to pull it down and use it in my Android app.
I have tried the salmon with creme fraiche, ham and cheese with their soytang sauce and plain butter with sugar.
angular-ui datepicker does not allow format dd.MM.yyyy when entered into the input field I think the best way to describe this problem is to steer you to the Plunk: The angular-ui datepicker doesn't like us Europeans!
The issue is this - how can I pass an int value to this click event?
The last time we were there the server was slow but very friendly.
I highly suggest the apple walnut, banana chocolate chip, the oatmeal raisin, and most importantly...
I've used them quite a lot.
Decided to stop in on a recent Friday to try the fish fry based on reviews.
And I doubt you will ever need a list of subjects mixed in with lessons or semesters.
Keep this in mind for later.
(to be perfectly clear, the poster was complaining that this had no effect, so by 'work', I mean compile).
Ohhh..how I miss this place..travelled to three cities after I moved from Champaign...this place still stands at the top....the best chinese I had in the last 5 yrs was here..never after...I have to make a trip to Champaign just for this place.
Meticulously organized and a great selection.
I'm okay with Rich missing my birthday every year if it means he will take me here)\n\nFirst off....
The food isn't the best, there aren't many options, but sometimes the popcorn is pretty good.\n\nInstead of getting a snack here, we go to the great Good Food on Montford down the road for dinner.
The lobster bisque and salmon are great.
Based on Dave's suggestion I'm trying it this way.
But it works when i try it in one system using multiple tabs of chrome (localhost).
At first I didn't like this place.
There's a chapter in the MySQL++ user manual that gives the whys and wherefores behind all this.
Their Americanized offerings are also cooked pretty well, definitely better than take out restaurants.\n\nContrary to popular belief, China Palace actually has a Taiwanese owner and not an American owner.\n\nChina Palace is nice as you can go there with people with more Americanized palates if you have a more Asian palate, or vice versa, and you can please everyone.\n\nPrices run from around 9 dollars to upper teens for some of the chef's specials.\n\nHighly Recommended.
The thing I can't figure out is how does the X display know when the Xevent is supposed to be a '_MB_IM_INVOKER_COMMAND' type, and how it actually sets the data value.
as far as I know, you shouldnt create two body tags.
Edited to add: Of course, there are various contexts where neither nor introduces a comment.
For a salad, pasta dish and 1 glass of wine.
It's where you go to get strong, to be strong.
That means I do not want to hide the menu when the mouse is moved.
But it was particularly error-prone, especially if multiple libraries were both trying to add custom import behavior.
When trying to validate the new user's data, you will get a validation error, because of the existing email.
Had the...honestly I don't remember what I had to eat here.
Granted, the place only offers sandwiches (and salads too I guess) at noon, but they are absolutely, positively, worth the trip.
Bearing this in mind and considering the importance of proper security I'm trying to give myself a head start so have been looking for an open source (or paid if it’s not too much) PHP single-db multi-tenant framework or site template.
Your neighboring diners will be ready to strangle you and the kid.
First impression upon entering the store (2/5) : \""What the heck is that smell?!\"" After walking into the store a little further, I found my answer.
It's definitely for the expense account crowd.
Use SOAPUI open source version to test web services.
This header is used within requests and is automatically set by the browser according to what it supports.
We've tried many different varieties of the dark blends, and all are delicious.
Some people might suggest a (jQuery) function that creates a temporary , places the text in there, then gets the content of the , to decode the string.
We all have the opportunity to choose whom we like.
Read This: OR try CSS way hope this help!
The menu comes with pictures and you get a side of refried beans with almost everything.
although perhaps that's the idea.\n\nNow I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best.
It has been family owned for years and that is what makes the difference.
Every Lexus that I've owed I figure it would be my last, but some how, the sales staff are willing to work with you and make it achievable.
He will even show you what's wrong inside the car, or tell you how to do something yourself if that's what would be more sensible.
Beer out in \""the tent\"" was modestly priced, and good times were had by all in our party as we took it all in.
I just discovered this place about two months ago and have visited about a dozen times since then.
The hubby ordered a meatball on the side and while it was big, he said it lacked the ooomph he was hoping for.
I've come in on multiple occasions, not at all knowing what I wanted, but knowing I needed to make a cheese & meat platter for six.
You can read more about it here .
Louis Vuitton is now gone as of January 31, 2010 and was replace by a handbag wall.
Is it possible with JQuery by clicking on currency link to change value in cells with exchange rates?
Getting Server Error while calling Servlet from Java Application Here is my Java Class by which I am calling simple servlet and passing the data, I am using URL and HttpURlConnection class.What should be path of url for the servlet Here is the servlet code, I am receiving the object from the java code and displaying it on the console.
If you have some time to kill and want to feel like you're eating in someone's kitchen that they extended to include a few other lucky people, then you've hit jackpot.
Saw Phantom when it came through.
Here's the basic pattern, see comments: As of ES6, the next version of JavaScript, that gets a lot simpler: It does the same thing as first example above under the covers, the new syntax is just syntactic sugar.
At no time did they make an attempt to up-sell me on anything.
If you rate the organization overall three stars simply would not give them enough credit.
I'm interpreting columns as instances to classify and rows as potential neighbors.
Little Tokyo's avocado and kappa rolls are also excellent.
Think P Diddy status when you walk though the door and everyone is your Fonzworth Bentley.
WTTTTFFFFFFF ok now that I got that out, the problem was that I declared the AFTER setting the .
We had decided we were going to get a cabana over in the Wave Pool area so we can leave our stuff and the kids could go and relax if need be.
It might have helped that I was the first appointment of the day, but for a mandatory yearly ritual it was quite enjoyable.
Our waitress was absolutely accommodating and she made it happen.
Gorgeous restaurant...the ambiance is great...very unique and tasty cuisine, and there was (at least when we were there) a trio of custards dessert that was IN-SANE!
But works as a sample of accessing unaligned data structures.
\n\nI came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer.
Calculate variable based on remainder How do I use JavaScript to calculate the value in this formula?
Their desserts are from Signature desserts and they all looked delicious!
It is possible to look up the newly-inserted element and get the iterator that way, but that's inefficient.
Even the presentation of your dessert is outstanding!
To explain our devotion to this place, I should say that we drove down from Butler in order to get our crepes fix before our friend's early afternoon wedding.
There are moving sidewalks (although they frown upon using them with a stroller) and some nice food options - both fast food and sit-down meals.
Food is unique, not your typical Chinese.
I would like to know the best way to style the checkbox to make it appear like the non-disabled checkbox (or otherwise make it more readable).
No frills, no fake smiling employees, just REALLY GREAT BREAD.
The other was the green fuji, this was different and delicious.
It worked perfectly until I decided to change my lib and my application to 32bit instead of 64bit (which I initially changed to because I downloaded the 64bit version of the sqlite lib.
I was just wondering is possible to do something similar with AngularJS?
There is no way to reverse this.
Hit the \""dean\"" button on the buzzer and they will let you in.
(I've seen everything and PEP 8 does not mention anything clear) I'm using single quotes for everything but docstrings, which use triple double quotes.
OR you can be using a Dependency injection framework (Roboguice, Dagger etc) and just annotate the class with etc.
I had salmon, quinoa, spinach, pesto, bread (that's all I remember).
This place has some seriously good breakfast.
The module here looks something like this (Borrowed from an example in Python datetime reference)
So you should update inside the loop, something like :
The only feedback I have is that the store looks a bit dirty.
The mushroom cheeseburger was my favorite, and the fries - oh.
I have successfully send mail with .ics file.
Since those purchases, his name has been on their list and for our anniversary and my birthday, they have sent us cards with a free gift (have to go to store to pick up).
I ordered the flounder and shrimp francese, over creamy risotto with asparagus - PHE.NO.ME.NAL!!!!!
happy guy with outgoing personality ..
I asked for a refund, no response.
In fact my waitress came and asked about my drink order before I'd even opened the drink menu - it was just that quick.
I don't think MPG files have detailed meta data embedded in them.
You probably want to just use Attributes to specify your validation rules.
Hard to remember another restaurant that hit home runs from start to finish.
I might go back to the sushi at some point, but for now I think there are too many other delish things to order.
So far, i've just got the interface, and just one action (which is showing and hiding some buttons).
There is a Cheers vibe (early 80's sitcom\nabout a Boston bar where \""everyone knows your name\"") and that seems to fare very well with the local residents.
They have everything here from jerk chicken and oxtails to chicken and beef patties.
That is what drove me to Jenifer Street in the first place, and I've never looked back.
You'd have to change the function that actually draws the controls.
Food is good, beer is amazing!
There's a good chance that the dplyr devs will prevent this usage in a future version.
Imported a SQL Server database, and it says login failed for a user that doesn't exist I have a asp.net web application that I was hosting somewhere.
Just a perfect relaxing meal in every way.
I use to create averages by condition.
I can't comment on whether its more effective to use HEAD or trying to do something like drop to the system and do a ping; but I don't think either of them is the solution you should be doing.
We came here to celebrate a birthday.
Comes with a variety of hummus, olive tapenade, etc..\n\nENTREES:\nOsso Bucco: The veal was so delicious.
We waited awhile to get our food but it was worth the wait!
Now even if I increase any of the tolerance constraint or max number of iterations, I still get the same problem.
I mean how do you write a review of a place you NEVER experienced.
This seems to work: It is using your original code:
But I thought it was well worth it.\n\nThe wait staff was great.
A is not a nor a .
The sandwiches were great , and the fries hot and cooked to order.
If you want authentic Mexican food in a place that will make you think you are in a modest place in Mexico, go to El Charro.\n\nI just ate there for the first time, after buying groceries in the past.
5 star burger, and not just by Pittsburgh standards.
With Strings being immutable, JVM can be sure that the filename instance member of the corresponding File object would keep pointing to same unchanged "filename" String object.
Based on your edited requirements, I would: get your app running on new server with blank mongodb set up a reverse proxy that forwards both sub.
This is a bit of a long shot, but you could investigate genshi2js .
Yup, a complete, well-rounded, mouth watering meal for just $10.
It has a couple cardio machines and some free weights - if you want a full workout, you won't get it there.
There isn't much more I can say about it, to be honest.
I ordered some Unagi Nigiri, a Magician Roll, a Philly Roll and a Spicy Salmon Roll.
First they served me home baked bread with a delicious spread that was a meal by itself, then I had the poached pear gorgonzola salad which was light, tasty and satisfying.
I have tried to take snapshot in BitmapData object but as it max width is 2880 can not give whole canvas snapshot.
I normally order the tangerine or general tso chicken.
But I cannot log in using the new user credentials (yes, IsApproved is 1).
See also the -fvisibility code generation option of GCC.
Omelettes are made to order (and made well, at that), and there smorgasbord of other selections: everything from pasta to rice to sausage to cake.\n\nOf special note are the sausages and the red cabbage.
In doing so he explained that the sauce was too good to waste.
How to fetch all the variants, of each products, with out fetching product name multiple time I have 3 tables.
It will require some tinkering in order to decouple "is a for this value already running" from "execute this ", but here's a rough illustration that doesn't take care about that: Implement and in , so that instances can safely be used in unordered sets and maps.
I would definitely come back to Quiet Storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes.
single on the outside, double on the inside?
I have to say that I had my doubts, but based on what we ordered, the food was actually alright.
You don't need to confirm password for the login $rules array.
you name it, he can do it.
Simply, if I comment that line ( ), the program stops working.
To find the best one you can pick the result that minimizes the sum of square distances from the centres to each of the points classified under it (this is, after all, the goal of k-means clustering ).
I'm a huge fan of duck, and this was a new approach for me.
One hand on the wheel, the other digging around in the box pulling off random pieces of chicken to eat.
\n\nIn addition to traditional hardware items, this place carries some kitchen supplies, camping and outdoor gear.
The RCLDBXREF command is usually preferred, but some problems will require the RCLSTG alternative.
And if you're with a really good friend, you can order two different ones and split them!
That's all you really need to know, well at least for me that was really the only things on the menu that I could eat.
The greens are always fresh and the shrimp are plump, firm and seasoned/grilled well.
I already have assigned my incrypted value and key.
Malaya had a lovely selection of vegetarian dishes from multiple cultures.
Any guidance about this will also be very helpful.
\n\nThe options for sides are as plentiful as the moan dishes and the hot bacon potato salad was awesome.
\n\nWe tried 3 or 4 others - including Rubys - and none of them could pass our litmus: it must be able to produce a decent General Tso's Chicken that isn't too sweet or gooey with a modicum of heat, the egg rolls must be fried in clean oil and we should never see canned vegetables.
The cooking is superb, the staff are friendly and helpful.
I've been to Discovery Place several times since moving to Charlotte, and I've never been disappointed.
\n\nIt's a must if you're anywhere near Pittsburgh.
The imported eggplant was overpowered by the tomato sauce, and the broccoli and sausage rabe was good but not great.
Short of deliberately breaking the tools (a route I'd prefer avoiding but am strongly considering under the circumstances), I'm wondering if anyone here has effectively dealt with similar situations before?
A great place for taking out-of-town visitors, a much needed activity for those with wee ones, or a laid-back weekend date, it's a great place to discover!
Lets take your case as example : So just use "class" attribute instead of "styleName".
Having certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.
kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
I sent my Rolex President band to Sumpters for repining and refurbishment.
This establishment is best described as a greasy spoon for vegans and vegetarians so if you go in expecting gourmet, you may find yourself disappointed.\n\nOn cold wintery days try a Mexican Hot Chocolate - it will surely warm your heart!
ANTLR 4 - How to access hidden comment channel from custom listener?
The room was clean with a large LCD TV, but the sink is inside the bathroom.
Giving it 7.5 Knuckles out of 11.
When looking dipper to the code and spending lots of hours configuring all kinds of stuff eventually turns out it was a compiling error due to a 64x/86x bit mismatch.
Love being so close to Lake Waubesa and watching the sunsets too.
Ball object In check if is a cube.
Thinking of duck typing in dynamic languages as just "implicit, unchecked structural types" is missing something, IMHO.
EDIT: Thank you for the answers.
Will certainly be back, though they need to pave the cart pathways....
Update from below comment, Since you are checking on Android version 6.0.1 just follow these steps, Go to Settings, Go to Apps Select your Application Choose Permissions Option Enable SMS permission
You'll want to filter spaces out.
I had the veggie red alert which is spicy.
Hint: use just a little ranch on your fried pickle.\n\nNext up was a bowl of Spicy Crab Soup.
\n\nGreat location in the heart of downtown Charlotte, the City Center will be my first choice.
You have already mentioned the best reason for this, you can add individual data for each of these levels.
Also this solution looks not that complicated.
FAIL OPEN TABLE REVIEWS!\n\nMorton's The Steakhouse, to the average joe, is a special occasion treat.
Nigiri sushi here is a must-try.
It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day.
Well, it tries to link a static library into a dynamic one, and that static library (/opt/lib/python-3.5/lib/libpython3.5m.a) isn't suitable for that (compiled w/o -fPIC what makes it impossible to use it in a shared library).
unsure) which, to prevent collisions, would require accessing global state.
Yeah, it's wildly watercooled because the mods cause me to exceed the TDP (it's a MacPro1,1) of the case, but even before that my office got uncomfortably hot.
One of the things I like most about Javascript is the way you can access the properties of an object with as well as .
they were a bit pricey compared to similar items i have seen elsewhere.
That said, however, I was really excited by the beer selection and the neon green relish.
Possible Duplicate: How can i include a file or a script in node js, that i can access it global.
I came here for brunch on a saturday.
The brisket and the pork shoulder was where it was at for me, but really, I think you can slap that sauce on cardboard and it would be delicious.\n\nI'm a west-sider so coming out here is a haul.
The total unique events in this report should equal the sum of unique events on all rows, not the number of rows.
Also by assigning the to you are telling the to be the class.
If you're really feeling zesty, go with their signature dish, their sea bass.
Since we already had class properties, we worked around this for now by assigning the from ( DateTime default ) to in our .
On you dumbed down question (which is synchronous).
Instead of meat on the items they replace it with a ton of cheese.
I was a little concerned about this because from across the deli counter I didn't see any real cook station.
This solution assumes, that your fragment is located in MainActivity (getActivity must return MainActivity instance) :-)
So we can see tha the nearest common type is .
What I actually want is all of the history records for any defect/story that is eventually accepted after that date...
Nice fresh catfish nuggets in a flavorful batter fried golden brown and crispy.
You may want to use a different event that satisfies your condition: SplitContainer Class: MSDN SplitContainer Event: OnMouseClick try subscribing to that event if you want it to be fired on click only, also, if you want to unsubscribe to an event, use the -= tag.
It's not wrong but it is pointless.
But remember that the objects will be kept alive as long as either of the collections are alive (unless you explicitly clear the collections).
Also which software is scalable / resource efficient (I want to analyze several tweets and don't want to spend thousands of dollars)?
Charlotte needs more theatres with limited release movies.
Correct...summing the element-wise products will be quicker:
Passing Javascript (HTML Table Contents) array to php file Im very confused, I have been looking for a solution to pass HTML table contents via a javascript array (if this is indeed the best way of capturing HTML Table data) to a php file so I can then do whatever I like with the data.
Didn't complain, cause it was seasoned perfectly and their steaks are usually very tender.
The brat con queso is a an awesome appetizer.
Q2.Should I be again providing images of different resolutions for different screen sizes and orientations for iPhone and iPad like LaunchImage asset?
You can bind the AlternationCount to the length of your collection then create a style for the default items, and change it for first the rows: In your example you would have a default style for Option C, D, E which you can overwrite as you wish for Option A and Option B.
In order to find all the non-ASCII character I use this regex: In order to exclude the character \x92 as well, how must I rewrite the regex?
Any other suggestions on how to handle this are appreciated.
It's a wonderful experience going there and it won't totally bankrupt you.
I would dock them a point for this normally, but the reasonable person in me still realizes that it is a bar, and it is in NC, so it's almost allowable.
Paul's YER (Yelp Elite Review): EASILY 5 STARS!\n\nThis review is SOLELY for their Chef's Choice program, not their academic program since I am well past college years!
My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.
If you can make decent convo, sit down and eat something delicious, and if not, gtfo, mon hommes.
How do I implement timer with activiti bpmn I have a requirement where the a task should wait for a asynchronous request to finish.
My daughter and I stopped in last night for the first time.
The map will not update until the browser window resizes or the orientation of the mobile device is changed.
Does anyone know anything about this?I think I read something on the internet about how there may be a limit to the memory a single process can allocate.If this is the case ,where can I set it?At least give me a good alternative to valgrind people :P.
Your mea l(of veggies, tofu and kale) could end up costing $20 easily.
I immediately fell in love it.
A clean, professional salon.\n\nThe massages are lovely: the rooms are comfortable and relaxing, and each person I've had has been just great.
One side is for beer and wine and the other is for liquor.
Cookies are sent via the user-agent every time a page is requested.
Note that I can still read the system property with command.
The problem is that the algorithm is disabled by default and you have to use the compiler flag when building .
This way, if there is no data, a null will be inserted in the corresponding field.
I've been here before on a layover and this is the first one that I've actually stayed loft a long time.
In this case (since there is only one line) you can also do: If you want to reuse the match, then you can do and are used to remember the match inside them.
I have a User model, which has an email and a password field.
I agree this is a bad idea, but here is another possible solution; To control the variables written, just change the view definition however you need.
love love love the steaks they make!!!
Can Nokogiri retain attribute quoting style?
Format of datasource view I have datagridview with sqlite connection.
and Unless Hazelcast's is used, this is not required since Spring's will ensure an instance of will be created.
Quick, good pizza, and always a pleaser.
If you say "merge HEAD" you are not saying "merge all changes up through HEAD", you are saying "merge only the specific change that happened in the very last revision on that branch".
tap event not working in view Please check the code below, what I am doing wrong?
Try this UIDevice-with-UniqueIdentifier-for-iOS-5 , it uses the device's mac address as unique identifier.
Actually, a very unusual setup.\n\nI was a little disappointed in the morning when we were trying to get breakfast.
We only needed a one room stay for me and my husband to attend a wedding.
A text date in "yyyymmdd" format doesn't satisfy that requirement.
I have eaten a lot of Greek food cooked by a lot of Greek people who are very good cooks, and this stands up to any of it.
it is a common to use casting see cppReference
This is what a B-Tree does for example, though it does so at the cost of stability (ie, each element staying at a fixed memory address regardless of what happens to the others).
Ask for Paul the bartender-he is very competent, but also entertaining.
Find the difference, and then you can calculate the time left: etc.
It was light yet decadent at the same time.
They offered us some samples of cheese and offered to place some of my items on the counter for me so I could be hands free to shop some more.
If I use read.delim, the table is read in properly, but I can't figure out how to configure fread such that it handles the data properly.
Does anyone know a normal procedure for this type of scenario?
\n\nI like the fact that it seems like the menu changes with the seasons.
If you are experiencing this issue with a retail version of Android 5.0, please submit a bug for Unity.
DataTemplates automatically assign the DataContext of their visuals to the data that the template is displaying.
The only disturbing thing about it was the noise level.
So, first, check if ID is in the url and correct.
I regularly buy 2 baguettes here for a $1.25 or $1.50.
Using the unit step activation function, you can determine a set of weights (and threshold value) that will produce the following classification: Click to view classification Looking at number 4.
I tried searching for similar questions, but I found this difficult to phrase, so I apologize if this is a duplicate.
I also love that they have a few games available as well, though I wouldn't complain if they added a few more options ;)
I am using a modified solution of the one based in this blog comment.
I'd bring a textbook and study for an hour or two while enjoying my amazing food.
There's not a whole lot of meat in the sandwich.
Your response is likely being treated as HTML by the browser, which collapses line breaks (among plenty of other things).
I love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls.
I have done like : Radio button values from db: RadioButton check action: But it is not working.It is showing error as at line Where I went wrong?
From which version of Android api can I develop a scrollable app widget?
You can find this link near the top, right side of the screen on the main Overview page on thier website.
Not able to generate a unique user-number I have a problem when I'm trying to generate a unique customer-id in my application.
Group by a Substring mysql not working I want to use GROUP BY clause on a query in case IFF it's column TYPE contains [Sale], for that purpose I put the query below, But it only returns me 2 lines at all, what I have is in the image below and the GREEN boxed line shows what I need to group.
I've tried buying the bag of pre-washed lettuce but I never finish them and I hate seeing them go bad.
For instance there is two tables one 'users' and one 'user_settings'.
Right now i need to print the statistics of the user entered string.
Program of consumer Producer I need to make a consumer producer problem for homework.
The only drawback is the parking situation ...and it's a little hard to actually drive to the building itself, given the whole \""crazy series of one-way streets\"" in downtown Charlotte.
The prices are quite reasonable and given the amount of food always a good deal.
It oddly worked and I enjoyed the meal before I had to hit the road.
In x64 bit version of windows, i see that are also x86 bit directories.
iPhone app crash on iOS 4.0 All crash reports submitted for our application on iOS 4.0 are giving the below information: Any idea what this indicates and what could be the possible cause of crash.
meeting requirements, good quality), fast (meeting deadlines) and cheap (headcounts, tools).
I tried sinatra config options and but that doesn't help me much.
I'll stick to my chicken dishes!
Do I need a particular button (none of them explicitly say "IPN capable" or anything like that, so my default assumption was that any of them would work.)?
I think that would be tricky in this case, since observers and subjects are 10-a-penny in my application and it would very awkward to have to pass a queue/thread map object into the constructor of every single observer.
I can go in without a clear picture of what I want and she gives me exactly what I wanted.
For example, in PHPUnit, I can get the stack trace when an exception is raised (and even with -b option in RSpec, all I can get is the stack trace of RSpec exceptions, and not Rails's) Also, when some error occurs, it shows you the ACTUAL value and the EXPECTED value.
However, they were very much professional and polite after a bit of a wait on Saturday evening, which is to be expected now.\n\nThe funny thing my wife noted was, never has she seen an Asian restaurant be so slow.
Which is a great value because the 3 of us easily got 2 cups each out of it.\n\nThe Fragrant Pork had chestnuts, green peppers, onions, mushrooms and carrots in a garlic tomato sauce, Said that it was spicy hot put I only got a tiny bit of kick.
For show process I used code: The problem is that the menu is not displayed.
Next time I'll try to pace myself.\n\nThanks Chicken Box for making sure you added a couple of napkins to the bag.
is it worth to apply on static variable?
how to retrieve codeigniter's cookie using javascript?
Apply ISNULL like SQL in LINQ I have the next LINQ where o.Value and p.Value are decimal types The inner LINQ can be return a NULL value and I need to apply a I try with this: But I get this message error: Operator '??' cannot be applied to operands of type 'decimal' and 'decimal'
Their brews are very well balanced and enjoyable - something on tap for everyone.
I need to have the 2 and its background behind the marker with the label of 15.
\n\nWe had fried pickles which were done with tempura batter so they were not heavy and the slight sweetness of the batter nicely offset the brininess of the pickles.
Once inside, add an OLE DB Source and and OLE DB Destination to the canvas.
I'd like to see a big comics convention come here for instance.
But, I feel that with the evolution in my product (what I'm testing through selenium RC), my automation needs are changed.
I was standing on a corner eating my Peace, Love, Donuts donuts and thought I noticed signage for crafts.
I have tried to use some mod or rem operations, there will have some problems.
so include sdk folder 'build-tool' with android version folder you are using to build.
I am sure there will be others that you love :)
As soon as there's a change of message type, the status byte has to be added again.
I add the rows via button click, when they get to the table, i run .editable on those elements.
Since the app contain no session it can not check language.
\n\nIf you need any off-the-wall Italian ingredient that you can't find anywhere, I guarantee that Penn Mac not only regularly carries it, but probably has 12 different varieties to choose from.\n\n(For Part IX, go to:
When a filter is applied it replaces the copy but is based on the original array.
I expect (hope) the best method is (relatively) simple when you know how.
Second time I've stayed in this area, and this hotel was better than the last.
At any rate, Uptown Retreat is a healthy, full five (5) stars.
In the calendar setter area you getting the instance with actual date, then changing it's value, but not with add or substracting some piece of time.
the steak wasnt' so great though, i shouldn't have traded half my sandwich.
Each of the guys that work here are fantastic.
The website is up to date with classes and instructors.
Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing.
Both dishes were out of this world.
I'm trying to show a div when a button is clicked.
Do not forget to get a reference of the textview of the TextSectionFragment into the MainActivity.
Have you ever seen that done anywhere?
For this example I have used the default configuration provided in conf\cassandra.yaml I tried to connect R to Cassandra using the RCassandra package.
My second choice would have been pomegranate punch, which had apple juice and soy protien, and for my third it would probably be the Go Goji, which had kiwi and mango in it.
While I agree with previous reviewers that daily/long term parking is very affordable, I've been annoyed with the bus service to and from the terminals.
The fries were surprisingly good.\n\nGF's veggie sandwich was equally good.
Java 8 type inference cause to omit generic type on invocation I have a Problem with a generic method after upgrading to Java 1.8, which was fine with Java 1.6 and 1.7 Consider the following code: I tried this with the Oracle javac (1.8.0_92) and with Eclipse JDT (4.6.1) compiler.
They also carry some vintage jewelry, scarves and handbags.
This is not really a programming question, but more of the management question.
I had what was probably the best tuna ever at LaVecchia's.
Can I store an xml string in a resources file (.resx), without it getting encoded with &lt; and &gt;?
I've used handlers to even return special javascript to be excuted on the client, as a way of lazy-loading large binary or requirements on a "demand-only" approach.
This is my 4rd year in UC and CU MTD is a life saver...
how to have fread perform like read.delim I've got a large tab-delimited data table that I am trying to read into R using the data.table package fread function.
Baseline-shift is not supported in IE9, IE10, and Firefox, see: If you're acually trying to display formulas, a better fit would be MathML embedded within SVG, see: If you want a quickfix for the example you provided, you can emulate baseline-shift with ...
Few places have such charm that I believe influence my enjoyment of the food.
Basically a food coma waiting to happen for anyone with celiac disease/gluten intolerance.
People tend to go here to get a lot of cheap beer for a party and not necessarily to find local or micro brews, They recently installed a growler station which is decent, but doesn't compare to Grapevine's just a few miles down the interstate.
I didn't find it dirty or ran down.
Can I do this in other way rather than writing dummy code?
The food I had was above board and the atmosphere was incredible.
I thought that it might have to do with the fact that request.data is a string, so I tried using ast.literal_eval to make request.data a list, but then I get the error "unhashable type: 'list'" when I try to call flatten on ast.literal_eval(request.data).
How can I go about doing that
This one is not stored in a package, it is a standalone procedure, and so I have the full PL/SQL code.
They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.
I wasn't really on a quest to find anything though, but I could see myself spending hours in there shuffling through all the racks.
Erlang SSL sockets example - ssl server &amp; client)
If you're lucky enough, you'll get a chance to see the raviolis being made in action by one of the lovely pasta making ladies.
Apparently I could register the shared instance with NSApplicationWillTerminateNotification, is that worth doing, just curious?
The code should give a plot similar to:
How can I tail -f but only in whole lines?
Maybe it can be done in some configuration file.
Typically I want to have them together in my IDE environment so that I can e.g.
Keyword arguments are not supported but a powerful feature of "implicit arguments" can sometimes substitute.
And I will admit, I watched myself in the big mirror as I walked back and forth in front of it.\n\nI also browsed a few more racks and shelves to make sure I wasn't neglecting any other items.
Great down-home atmosphere and friendly staff.
All those things aside, I love Whole Foods.
I would look into using ASP.NET's built in Forms authentication system that is commonly used with an ASP.NET Membership Provider .
First, your code does not have any effect.
It's fun and Yummy!\n\nHad a blast with our group and our chef was impressive with his \""art\"" and funny too...\n\nFood was good, and surprising considering the chef was cooking it all there.\n\nFast!
You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park.
Visit often and always stop by.
OK, its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat.
I love that they get their desserts from Signature Desserts.
Given: The following is erroneous Why?
That's like one random-person-compliment per haircut, and that says something.
Try cleaning up your code a bit, there are a few missing semicolons ( I worked with extjs some time ago, and had the same problem with a window rendering in Firefox and not in IE.
python regex re.sub with strings I am trying to use regex expressions to build a word filter.
But one of the tables is duplicating the WO information.
We are new to the area but really enjoyed our first season w/Strikers.
However you should definitely fix the databases.
Also the rect size is doubled the original size.
I ended up discussing the situation with InstallShield (made by FlexEra) and they recommended the following: Don't put the original file in the [InstallDir] if possible.
In your case, however, don't waste time on this.
TouchUtils and ActivityInstrumentationTestCase2 user event Unit test case not working Currently I am struggling a little with the Unit test framework...
\n\nThat aside-Marriott's are a good choice for their consistency across all variables.
The bread brought out before the meal included apple butter and sweet & sour relish (cabbage) and those were excellent too.
sans-serif-light with "fake bold" I have set up the following theme for my app: Therefor when I create a I get the "roboto light" font which I want.
They have the best wings in town (Texas wild wings).
Tough to fault, especially with good food.
When you allocate memory with (or similar functions) it returns a pointer .
Service is always great, food comes out super fast and it's very affordable.
I don't know if there is an event when, visually, the is full, and show arrow to scroll in the .
Is a variable declared under Grails(1.3.6) controller action and class variable thread safe?
Lovely rocking chairs near the windows-good luck finding a free one!
Otherwhise Hibernate will notice, that this Object (with id 1) is already stored, but since you did not load it, the entity manager does not have it inside its own collection -> that's a detached entity.
Result: % icpc-13.1.163 main.cpp main.cpp(29): warning #175: subscript out of range std::cout&lt;x[3]&lt; during instantiation of "void derived::print() [with N=1]" at line 41 This is obviously not a danger since the if statement protects this line of code if the template argument is 1.
That way, when you generate random points, it will always generate the same sequence of points, and is thus reproducible.
How can I cause visual studio to automatically include a using statement like using System.Diagnostics, in every project?
\n\nThis place is definitely worth a visit or two, as the atmosphere was great for the game.
In addition to this they give you a plate full of freshly made potato chips that are delicious.
While many people are unfavorably disposed to fish, I love it.
I kid you not, I've sometimes found myself in the beer cave for over 45 minutes agonizing over crafting the perfect six pack.
I believe you can't add the ';' at the end.
We had two bikes serviced there in the fall with the intent to use them as winter bikes.
A nice surprise by my boo on a Wednesday night was going to Soba for dinner.
They are made fresh daily by the nice Japanese mom and pop that own the place.
That's before I even went into the pornographic details about how it was swimming in Makers Mark Caramel Bourbon Sauce that was set ablaze.
\n\nAnother recent addition is Beaudevin, which I LOVE.
You will have a privacy policy that tells users what user data you are going to use and how you will use, display, share, or transfer that data and you will include your privacy policy URL in the Developer Application.
Now I need to display category and its subjects as a list.
\n\nSometimes I was seated across from complete strangers, but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable at all; everyone is so happy to be here.
Owner is active in the community.
I have to say that the .apk installed on my device is an updated verion with respect to the apk uploaded in the beta version of the developer console and that i am using my google developer account to test IAP.
I connected device to PC, opened LogCat and start play the game until video ads appeared again and I catched the reason of restarting : I.e.
usually , you have to put the jdk/bin to path so that u could use java compiler everywhere , classpath is the path of your .class files .
You can call Activity method by using instance of Activity like this, inside MainActivity write below code Inside Adapter Inside your onClick method
This example is based on the same concept used by but I created this example to explain what's going on and how to achieve this effect.
The offerings are inventive, like the Irish Spring Rolls filled with corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss cheese.
This change in behavior in p392 is due to a .
No frills, no bells and whistles, just an ol' fashioned place to meet friends and grab beers.
The last time I rented there, had a flight tire 10 minutes after leaving the lot and they claimed I hit a curb, which was impossible on the curb less highway I was on.
It's easy for mechanics to take advantage of customers that wouldn't know better.
Hope it will help some of you !
(\""Have you ever been to Alaska?\"" \""What color are your socks?\"") We used to spray BOD all around.
Any place that puts Yuengling on special on Saturday night is going to get a second look from me.
HTML: CSS: Adjust the height value of .myCopy to move the line up and down.
Is it like Scala where the size of App becomes considerably larger and have to use proguard or SBT-android plugin?
How can I configure my Grunt.js file to copy a directory without a particular subdirectory during the build?
Here are some lines from log:
Be sure to read the captions...\n\nThe bathroom was gorgeous showcasing cutting-edge design concepts which had me convinced there was a hidden camera shooting me for the next \""Bold look of Kohler\"" commercial (in the non-creepiest way...I do realize I'm talking about hidden cameras in a public bathroom).\n\nI might have scoffed at my little sister for going to school in a sketchy place like Pittsburgh, but quite honestly, I just need to shut up and visit her more often.
The menu features typical pub favorites, such as nachos, wraps ad burgers.
Jackson coercing to zero Using JAX-RS (GlassFish 4) and Jackson as serializer, I encountered a problem during deserialization of POJO properties of type (same with ).
\nI also dig that your in control of your own cooking times.
The most traditional stadium in the NFL with great sight lines from every seat.
Good: Mexican groceries in Pittsburgh\nBetter: The chipotle tomatillo salsa, homemade by Edgar.\nBest.
Compare that to the 1987 restoration that cost $43 million.
I have the library set to end the main app gradle.build as this has been giving me headache for 2 days now :( any help/hints are very apperciated.
\n\nI think what I appreciate the most about this place is the huge deli and prepared foods section.
if two plugins package the same library in their jar something might go wrong.
With python2 where a str is also a byte I just exctract it with This doesn't work with python3 because str and byte are not the same thing So my approach was to just convert the str to bytes.
I'll rephrase for the supposed masses.\n\nIf you enjoy eating hot dogs, you'll want to make D's a destination when hanging in the 'burgh.
The potatoes /home fries were awesome & as another reviewer mentioned it feels as if every bite is different (&fabulous).
I added what I wanted to do with the validation groups there as well.
The jerk pork and the mango chicken are my two favorite meat options, though they also offer jerk chicken, curry chicken, bbq pork among other options.
The Gateway YMCA, like so many things in the Gateway area, takes all the hassle and bustle out of your workout experience.
The shrimp, scallops and chicken in the dish were tender.
The stage is visible from any seat, the waitress was never too far and the food was satisfying.
\n\nThis is also one of the few Chinese restaurants I've been to that does an equally good job of catering the adventurous eaters and people who are a little bit less comfortable with something out of the ordinary.
Just got back from a trip to the Burgh and of course Klavon's!!!\nStill AWESOME!!!
The cafe that is there has been remodeled and will serve Pizza Hut pizza and other new menu items.
Does anyone know how i can set that to "Inherit" ?
To top it off, almost all flavors were available in the form of vegan milkshakes.
Inside the ambiance is very lets say, German feeling (not that I've been to Germany...
Niether, use and with instead of / MatcherAssert
Get rid of the in your call to : You can also use ./ to indicate current context:
I've been there several times since (I'm from Chicago, so I'm not up that often), but it is my go-to if I'm riding I-90 through the area.\n\nIf you're feeling ambitious and/or want leftovers the next day, go for their sampler platter.
Set the storyboard Duration to your time and set the value to your time in seconds.
I asked the staff for crushed red chili pepper flakes, but there was a significant language barrier which impeded me from conveying my request.
Not only are you guaranteed to enjoy your food, you are guaranteed to be satisfied / hardly able to finish it all!
Turned out to be a good experience.
Add Server Side Functionality Although you can't alter the list, you can make additions by having a server-side script that scans the directory you are browsing and adding thumbnails/previews for certain files.
One is killed and the other one lives on happily) Best solution is to ask your DBA (or if you have access to your oracle instalation, you can google and then get them yourself, it's not sou complicated) for trace file(this file is mentioned in exception of killed session, so search your alert log), there will be deadlock graph.
Nobody wants that, so I'd argue line 10 should not contain whitespace.
which was an unexpected surprise as we'd been told that all sides were a la carte.
I stopped by here this past Tuesday evening with my girlfriend and another dining companion for dinner.
I want to display in Square box.
FlipView is a Windows Store/Universal App only class.
Also opted for the Tomato Bisque yesterday.
I'd probably give 3 1/2 if I could but I'm going to give 4 stars for excellent service...
He thought it was possible that the pain I had been experiencing in North Carolina had been caused by these issues, and not by the wisdom tooth.
And the limited wine selection is the only thing that holds me back from awarding that fifth star.
If you want *real* Eastern NC style barbecue, head to Smithfield or Raleigh or somewhere out that way.
Please look at my below file and tell me what's wrong: My index.php is in and it just gives me "forbidden".
Dispatch was a bit slow/ rude.
Cool place for lunch on campus...
The property is far enough away from the nightlife of downtown to allow you to get a good nights sleep.
You probably want to do a and a and to get the info you are looking for: See this SQL Fiddle
in if in condition i was comparing ($(it).parent().css('background-color')=="rgb(255,255,255)")....
That will let you use BCEL from C++.
What can i do to make this Activity faster and prevent the blackout?
This used to be my all time favorite restaurant for dinner in Pittsburgh.
Drink 200 different beers and you get your name in the ring of honor, a commemorative plate on the wall, and a $100 tab for a party for you and your friends.
Timeless classic that never goes out of style.
Microsoft should offer up the ability to host Linux based servers in their cloud.
This should achieve exactly what you are after.
The authentication to the UI is easy.
Our waitress recommended that we try their hot sauce on the sandwiches and so glad we did because it really spiced it up and made the sandwich even better.
So you have to start every script with Or the session will not work properly.
as a big fan of Lidia's, i was anxious to eat at her restaurant, and it was totally awesome.
Who controls the data model for the output of the sensors?
One stunnel instance must be running for each service (either from inetd or in standalone daemon-like mode).
This is more of a convenience to you: Sometimes you'll run software that absolutely has to listen on a specific port, regardless of the port you want your clients to visit.
But as always, don't reinvent the wheel.
But be warned, it's HUGE and is served with sides of refried beans with cheese on top, and mexican rice.
Yes, there's the sweet-tartness of cherry, but there's also a spice kick that put sweat on my brow (I requested it extra-spicy) and a panoply of other spice notes throughout.\n\nOh, and the hot and sour soup is actually spicy and brilliantly sour.
The search results are available only on the first page of the pagination results.
I have a Java Application on my local machine,I am trying to upload video to YouTube.
The first google hit contains answers to your questions: ( Have also a look at ( your paths may be different.
Have tried the green curry and a couple noodle dishes and they've all been good.\n\nCan't go wrong here if you've got a Thai craving.
Easy to navigate and lots of shops.
See my answer to another similar question just posted this morning: The error you see does not mean an error in the makefile.
Plus, few places offer gyros...and I LOVE 'em!
But a aser can also have no access to any units, which makes the dependent query fail, cause no units were retrieved hence @units contains no values.
This is your typical movie theater but I loooove that they are running their $5 Tuesday (movie ticket AND free popcorn special).
Visual Studio has a fullscreen mode via pressing Shift+Alt+Enter .
All i can say is Mr.
More elegant with shorter and more readable using and
I love the food...Italian/Greek Cuisine with some American on the side.\n\nThe desserts, THE DESSERTS!!!
I changed my UPDATE statement to be: Please, let me know if there is a better way.
Finding label-value pairs and capturing value Jquery I need to find values associated with labels that partly match a string.
(The answer to be accepted should also address this potential timing problem.) So, what' the best design pattern to get around these inter-dependent problems?
Because it always sets the layout to the screen.
But asp.net ajax should get you on your way fastest if you already have a webforms codebase.
Served table side with a bottle of deliciously spicy oil.
Use Html.ActionLink from LinkExtensions passing the "toc" to the fragment parameter:
The selection of candies, coffee, home made goods and my favorite tea made this one of my new favorite shops in the area.
Thanks Here is my code: Book.java BookCatelogBean.java index.xhtml
I mean it is huge and has a lot of shopping options.
The ice cream selection is not very extensive, but it sure does taste great.
This is not the case in Ada: the functions belong to the package , and you have to add a parameter yourself, e.g.
As soon as I walked in, I felt like I went back in time.
Would absolutely go again on special occasions.
Site is loading in 1 or 2 seconds if no external links such as Google ads or share button.
Staff very friendly, including the owner who went the extra mile for our group once.
Owner of the place was working the cash register and thanks you for coming in.
I think this is a reasonable way: and it will also take care of hidden files and directories.
You are welcome to have a look at my code: It should give you most of the answers you are looking for as well as having some slight tweaks to JSTileMap that are as yet unpublished.
I tried my boyfriend's Lamb Saag dish and loved it also.\n\nWhy is the lunch so affordable?
Indian restaurants are known for their lunch buffet.
The tomato sauce and peppers on it really made the flatbread.
While that may guard against data consistency problems due to concurrency, it hurts when it comes to performance problems due to concurrency.
Can someone offer me a hand to solve this puzzle I am having.
or do you have to have the barcode on an image in the phone?
Here is the code I'm trying to use: And I'm trying to use it with this:
I have been to 4 different vets since moving to Chicago and have yet to find one half as good as he was!
If you don't know the encoding to use, that is another matter but at least you get consistent results for the same byte stream.
Ri-Ra's is an Irish Pub and Restaurant that becomes a popular nightlife spot in Uptown Charlotte after dinner hours.
We ordered a variety of dishes including curry beef, egg foo young and Governor's chicken.
The hummus here was actually the first hummus that I had ever had and I am sorry to say it is what I compare all other to, few match up.\n\nThe wine list is extensive, but if you are going for an upscale bar this isn't the place, for that you'll want to go down the road to Soba.
In it's normal use, you might see it used in object literal syntax to denote key:value pairs; It can also be used to define a And it's part of the ternary operator;
If subs aren't your thing the \""Burgatory\"" and \""Panera Bread\"" are next door.
If you are creating programmatically, outside of IB, you can still hook up the IBAction.
Secondary to this is where to I provide configuration info for the dependency plugin?
If I'm hosed, I'll probably just remove the text in those fields but I'd like to support unicode going forward, so if I issue will that make sure future multibyte encodings are saved correctly, taking at least storage out of the equation (leaving me to worry about PHP)?
Since I'm a newbie, I can't understand why there is an error.
But I still have a startup issue.
The error says: Error (10327): VHDL error at euclidian_vhd_hls.vhd(84): can't determine definition of operator ""-"" -- found 0 possible definitions Please help me to solve this issue.
An example would be curl ….
They truly invest in you here.
Hey JHipsters, I'm working on my first project with JHipster.
Before that, I had been several times.
Well breakfast won out but only by a fraction of a point as the southern fried chicken and mashed potatoes and green beans were definitely calling to me.
If you're looking for authentic Panthers jerseys or other NFL team memorabilia, the team store, located in the stadium, is a great start.
LESS and CSS Imports - Going Crazy I have an issue currently with my LESS and CSS where an import into Bootstrap.less is being called before an overriding file, yet the first import is overriding the CSS..
Thus, handlers defined in the services will be called first, because service factories are initialized before controller.
They were excited by the amount of food you can get for not much moola!
sometimes you want to polish it up and make it look new, other times you want to let it be and let that distressed look shine through.\n\nI easily spent a hour in here just browsing the shelves.
Does anyone have a solution for this?
Either InventoryUser.pk or ProductUserPK.user should be lazy.
I actually got the idea to come later (after the lunch rush) because of the Yelp reviews.
Each module has its own API.
Popular combinations include quadratic probing with a prime-sized hash table, that guarantees insertion success if the table is less than half-full, and , that guarantees insertion if the table isn't full.
Perhaps true to stereotypes of the south, the employees were all very friendly and kind in a way that seemed genuine.
I would appreciate any pointers, or links to up-to-date tutorials on how to do this for Rails 3 Thanks Just to clarify: The question isn't on "how to create a gem".
Just the fact that they have casts of the Venus de Milo and Nike of Samothrace is unbelieveable - I don't think that casting of these timeless works of art is even allowed anymore.
One more thing to keep in mind is that you MUST set the FILE SIZE: Otherwise your server might throw an error stating that the request length wasn't specified.
The correct way to set a default search value in CakePHP I have a CakePHP Application with many many screens using data from a specific model.
Artifact 'com.android.tools.build:gradle:0.12.1:gradle.jar' not found on Android Studio 0.8.1 I've upgraded to Android Studio 0.8.1 and when I try to compile any app it fails with the following error: I tried to update manually the plugin from gradle.org and it does not contain any gradle.jar binary.
Our kids are on the younger side (5 and 3) and can't read yet so some of the science things they didn't get or understand.
GXT get value of TextArea without focus loss I have a GXT 3 TextArea on which I catch copy-paste events.
While a smaller restaurant, they happily can accommodate larger parties.
I’m attempting to covert this from a 12 hour format to 24.
My only complaint would be on the homemade fries.
Reasonably priced, really clean, and friendly staff.
Python: Extract info from xml to dictionary I need to extract information from an xml file, isolate it from the xml tags before and after, store the information in a dictionary, then loop through the dictionary to print a list.
Edit: I have a script responsible for downloading and executing another Js script.
I tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.\n\nMy entree reminded me of an eggs benedict with a twist: grilled sourdough topped with spinach, braised lamb shoulder and two poached eggs.
Simply call on the data and retrieve your information.
I turn the strings from the forms into UILabels and place those on the UIImageView and then I try to get that image and email it as an attachments.
They include two drinks and a fresh fruit plate - one of the drinks can be a bloody mary (which we got and regretted, it was very unpalatable) or a frozen mimosa (get that instead).
If I want to test a new build through TestFlight, do I need to go through the beta review process again in full?
my mark up is my code is but it is not working,But it affects for a td if the statement is replaced by
I have Command of Debit Account from bank account.
Those underscores are really not Java-ish.
I know Activity must be destroyed and re-created beside i'm passing savedInstanceState = null that mean Activity should start after rotation as it start for first time, why i get this Exception after rotation ?
In solr, if you use dismax or edismax query parser, you can use payloads.
I'm guessing that this guy like many others are regulars here and know what a great place this is and keep coming back.
The copy constructor is called when an object is returned from a function by value.
The problem is that there is a odd yellow border around the element when hovering the second time I open the context menu.
To fix this, read your input file like so: Pandas will automatically insert row identifiers.
From there it should be easy.
The perch or walleye is what you should get.
Cheese, fruit, bagels, biscuits, muffins, eggs, gravy, grits lox, chilled shrimp, salmon, halibut, steak, and more and more!\nIts not cheap but for the sheer amount of options available it is certainly worth it.
We had the sauerkraut and spatzle, and cabbage as sides.
Thanks for the help, Lori.\n\nBeautiful place, great Wi-Fi.\n\nErin
He said: Got there around 6 with no wait.
You want some damn good ice cream.\n\nI went for all five reasons, and I wasn't disappointed.
Edit: This was easier than I thought.
I must admit, when I did eat meat, I've had this on many occasions and it's really very good.
The Ava Group in Spain ( took an initial stab at this, but their still frame rate is also limited to 30 FPS.
The method just resets the form back to the last record loaded.
Likely to have a gorgeous view of the river, bridges, and stadiums (directly across the river from PNC Park), easy parking (valet or parking garage directly across the street) .
They also have dogs of the day.
I've been looking at the scores documentation and have come across : you can only submit a score with an app access token.
I like that you can sell books and get some extra change to purchase other books.
Newbie and PHP Frameworks I am a newbie in PHP Frameworks and would like to share/discuss some experience with you guys.
I hope I have provided enought information here.
The starter goat cheese salad was the best salad I have ever had, and may have been better than the pasta..I had the lamb meatballs with cavatelli which was yummy.
This is the place to have a good time!
On a separate layer, my Action Script (v3.0) reads as follows: When I test the movie, with a touch layer, the movie clip successfully moves left and right for each swipe, and does not continue to move too far in either direction, in effect ignoring any other swipes.
funny kid who jumps out and tries to scare me every time i go is great in store entertainment.
How are you calling this void function?
Git repository was suddenly broken My git repository was suddenly broken.
This a wonderful neighborhood bar and restaurant!
No: the object belongs to the , which implements a full set of mutation methods including , , and .
The toppings, though, were your standard lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle.
It turns out there is H_SAVE_FP which saves files to an opened file pointer.
They have the best Pho (I get the vegetarian version), vegetarian spring rolls and tofu w lemongrass.
To get around this use parenthesis and compile with high warning levels like :
Does any one know what could be the issue ?
And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?' Another table of five came in, and wham.
I am writing this after my horrible Omni experience because now I appreciate my experience here even more.
There are so many other things on the menu that I would love to try as well such as the banana chocolate chip pancakes, the breakfast burrito, ect.\n\nI would certainly go back to this place and hope that I do the next time I am in the Pittsburgh area.
You might use a regular expression with the "g" (global match) flag.
The waitress was a rock star by far this passed time.
It was a bratwurst split in half, covered with craut, and on a soft pretzel bun.
Beyond that, customer service has been great, the shelves are stocked well, prepared food and deli items are better for you than fast food with better ingredients at a better value!
We draw the conclusion that =whitespace =four times.
The function works without error on all the other pages.
Now set x = y, block = index, and continue.
I'm trying to decide whether an array of ~200 objects would be too memory-intensive, because of having to store 200 copies of each method in memory.
Beer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted.
That being said - you still may disagree with me.
Finally, avoid blocking IE6 users and instead just display a warning saying the website is untested in their browser and suggesting an update(this last piece of advice only applies if you don't plan to support IE6)
My Mom enjoyed her salad as well, and the staff was attentive throughout the entire meal.
If I lived near here, I would be here all the time.
I know that for recording audio I can use getUserMedia and for speech to text input I can use x-webkit-speech.
Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods.
I actually think Haskell has quite a different feel from Python overall, but that is primarily because of the extremely powerful static type system.
My friends dishes were also great, especially the lasagna which was massive.\n\nA nice comfort Italian joint with some unique twists and lovely service.
Apple's recommended way to reset the notification During development only, of course.
The strawberries tasted fresh and sweet.
you can just grab dinner at the arena too.
Great place to meet singles, as far as I can tell.
It is up to the application to notice that the packet disappeared and take corrective action.
And some other types of candy as well, in old fashioned glass jars, or artfully displayed on a table.
the best dirty martini brine you can find, for practically free.\n\nThey also have a relatively extensive cheese selection, albeit nothing as compared to Penn Mac.
You can look into jQuery to dynamically change CSS properties as the certain events are called.
If you've been on other brewery tours before it is a pretty standard one.\n\nBeer I great though.
\n\nNote: While they do sell the coffee at La Gourmadine, it does taste better freshly brewed here.
My friends each had a steak.
I'll try it again, because my own hummus has on and off days.
I have been searching for a bike for a while now and every place I have gone to have not been NEAR has helpful as Glenn.
The best things about Casbah are it's very cool atmosphere, good service (a very friendly hostess and knowledgeable server).\n\nI had a wine flight (they have a good wine selection), and several appetizers, soups and salad.
In my final meal in Pittsburgh, I finally had the closest thing to a Pittsburgh sandwich and that was the Big Ben Hot Dog with cole slaw, fries, and a cheese sauce.
Everything from multiple varieties of schnitzels, sausages, chickens and a sampler platter that lets you choose a combination of all of the above.
I went with my family, a party of 5, on the 4th of July.
If you increased the capacity by 1.5 * N instead of by 2 * N, you would end up with a very similar effect, except the upper bound on the copies per element would be higher (I think it would be 3).
Even though it was Restaurant week, and even though we had nibbled and sipped for free the weekend before, we were treated as well as they could have treated any bank executive or local politician.
But when you wipe the pivot item to the left to display the second item, an area colored in the header color appears between the two pivot items.
Be familiar with using a debugger, you will be able to find out where the issue is.
It's better that you place sourcemaps directly after globbing, and save them directly before saving your results.
This place has the absolute best food I've ever eaten, not just in the sushi category.
Can you use reflection to get the list of properties specific to an subclass (instance)?
Sort by Double Value and not String Value I'm currently pulling info from an sql DB where the 'cachedDist' column is set as a double.
Unfortunately, it seems won't take this as a valid ; so a date (today, for lack of a better choice) must be included to make happy.
You can use Json.NET for that.
See if I care.\n\nI came in with a group of friends for a semi-liquid lunch and though it was the beer cave that brought us in, I was secretly more excited about watching my friends eat hot dogs.
I WANT to go to Lot 17.
I couldn't get enough of the wasabi, and the rice complimented the tuna perfectly.
We've gone several times and love the service, food, time to chat with friends and the overall vibe and atmosphere.
I work in the warehouse section of Charlotte and there really isn't any close restaurants except G's.
I loved what I had ordered.
For the first time it worked flawlessly, but from next it is throwing exception as below.
Def has a Charlotte feel inside and out.
We split an order of the hummus.
Generate int unique id as android notification id, and have it refrenced in database so I might change the same notification before it triggers?
But it makes writing the view and template extremely simple (just requires you to write 12 different model methods).
We just got back from a trip to Germany (Nuremberg and Munich) and the food took me right back to our trip.
It's a must.\n\nThe white fish and mint is my favorite roll.
I'm pretty new to Java so any style criticism welcome.
First things first, it's an airport not a resort, so my review has been scaled down for that.
Rather than inventing the wheel to do this, is there any Document Management System component that can be integrated with .NET?
Mark may be right when he suggested you check if AutoGenerateColumns is set to true.
I am completely new to building web services and complete web apps.
If you haven't been to a Bobcats game, you owe it to yourself to check it out soon!
The problem is that your will never read the newline at the end of the first line.
The arrows were displayed as in your screenshot no matter where I placed the font files.
But then the batch script wasn't working...
love the too hot to eat shrimp etouffe favorite spicy dish in madison all the kinds of po boys ive tried have been very good could have better beverage selection i like the cornbread
At the time, I was event planning, and one of the Harper's group gals invited some of my coworkers and I out for dinner/drinks one night after work to show off Upstream.
As another reviewer said, \""You can definitely do worse than Woody Anne's\"" and that's a statement I'd echo.
expected i make first steps with android.
Both files are in the folder ./plot.
this constructor takes no arguments: python Error message:
First we had Potato Cakes and wow they were good.\n\nThis is a fun place!
Bloomfield has some hidden gems and Nico's is one of those kind of places that is getting less and less common around the 'burgh.
I welcome any and all help.
I don't even like root beer that much but I would drink this stuff every day if I could.\n\nI'm sure I'd love the K-9 custard, too.
The setting alone is worth the trip.
How to unpivot result in query?
I have found the prices on some rare items and variant comics to be slightly inflated.
You can leave another way without stressing out big or small dog.\n\nThanks Docs!
Instead, you should be using a weak reference exactly like you are.
Having warned you, proceed if you want to know how to accomplish this.
Everything from grains and cereal to coffee and spices, without the cost/waste of packaging and advertising.
My Bean: } My jsf code: Sorry if this has been answered as it is morning and I am half awake.
You can't group inline except with an aggregate (min, max, sum, count) etc.
my favorite restaurant of ANY variety here in town.
Of course the best part is it is Local!!
MySQL 5.x has a feature set that supports a reasonable cross section of capabilities, but it is not as feature-rich as PostgreSQL.
Again, this was probably the best preperation of the dish I've ever tasted.
Even during the crazy Thanksgiving crowds, National pulled through.
Always love a free breakfast, but is also a great grocery and cafe next door.
My example is simplified to one image and my goal is to download a zip file with that image.
My friend and I were seated promptly, and we shared an order of the crab fricos, which were quite good.
Upstairs are some pool tables to get your hustle on, and yet another bar to keep you from being thirsty while you're, hustlin.
I agree with Garrett G that the chocolate coffee beans are indeed delicious and sickening.
\n\nWe all tried their pumpkin spice martini which is OUT OF THIS WORLD!
Not strong alcohol wise but yummy.\n\nWe ordered the scallops and Asian fusion calamari for appetizers.
Pretty cool place and the food was pretty good.
Is it correct to use scope.$watch to listen for an action (ticked or unticked of course) in checkbox element?
Five stories, interior entrances, elevator.\n\nIf you are not familiar with the Sleep Inn concept, the room design is compact.
Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.
Clearly it's a hot spot in the neighborhood because it was packed by 7 pm on a Tuesday?!
The bagels are fresh and they usually have hot bagels right out of the oven and a wide variety to choose from.
This airport is actually kind of nice!
I mean, that alone is amazing.
Their prices are reasonable and I wouldn't stay anywhere else while in PA.
A 5 star gem!\n\nI echo Jenny D's comment on the hash brown.
I know they do not mean to do it on purpose, but they get so busy they forget something that could be so important if I get a flat tire.
Even when Obama visited the 'Burgh last year he stopped in.
All real, working languages (and libraries, and products) have a few of them.
Is it necessary to send some end signal from client side?
I mean come on: Whole Foods is a gigantic chain of corporate grocery stores.
My wife had similar but substituted bacon, grits and a sweet potato pancake.
Take a look at the and matrices and see if they make sense to you.
I fear that BN may not be long for this world.
Has gone through a couple of face lifts with the most recent being the best.
java on osx - xmx ignored?
Whenever my husband and I get to treat ourselves we always choose Morton's, we love it!
If you're looking for a good solid (but not fancy-shmancy) meal on the E.
Shouldn't direct to a new page stopping execution?
Some might think that this qualifies as a "degenerate expression" according to section 7.15.2.5 of the C# Language Specification.
wp_ajax_ actions that use object-oriented action handlers?
Therefore I have to mock up and .
I tried: 'Manage NuGet Packages' and 'Installed it with Package Manager Console but it still does not work.
My fiance took me here for my birthday in August.
Not the best I have had, but any place with crab in an omelette should get credit.\n\nIt was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end.
\n\nThe rocking chairs are great to sit and people watch, and this place is always clean!
I'm kind of new to the Jquery world so can someone please help me understand my do my make the content only blink rather then simply show?
but i am fine with that.
$3.00 fresh baked Italian loaf, need I say more.
You just don't know what you're getting with that stuff, and its really not worth putting your life on the line to find out.
Clean and spacious airport with lots of food and shopping options.
The staff there are very friendly and helpful as well!
This is a real nice sushi shop.
At least I have many more Tuesdays ahead to take advantage!
Most importantly, the food was fantastic.
This is fine, but you are then indexing using and .
In order to do this, is it best to follow the following plan?
Steps, Using Apache POI : Open excel file in input mode (inputstream) Use POI API and read the excel content Update cell’s value using different setCellValue methods.
Then I tried to Generate the Signed APK, from Build -> Generate Signed API Key .
How do I get a count of the elements within a particular group?
For my 100th review...I'm taking it back home.
If it does, I'd gladly rewrite my persistence stack.
You'd be surprised by breakfast selections at 5:30/6:00.
After wondering for hours through different advices, worked for me (Installed via MacPorts): Courtesy of Chris Brewer : Download and install MacPorts from The following steps are performed in the Terminal: Force MacPorts to update (will only work if Apple's Xcode installed): Now, install memcached: Copy the newly created shared object for mcrypt into Mac OS X’s default PHP5 extension directory: Next, you need to edit php.ini to add the extensions.
Pasta is always perfect, the pizza is wonderful and the calzones are huge and excellent.
My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night.
Bootstrap has no direct provision for partial columns.
Array formulas chew up calculation cycles logarithmically so it is good practise to narrow the referenced ranges to a minimum.
They have a very plush selection of Mexican groceries too.
I don't frequent this little shopping center off of 51 often except for the occasional Fresh Market visit or essentials from Party City.
I created a copy of the game from scratch, but then went off to find a way of creating a reasonable ai for the game.
The framework would always add "-76" in the Y event ..
I had the Reuben and was so happy with it.
A charming neighborhood bar with horizontal narrow wood paneling, lower lighting, tiled floor, tin ceiling, and a very pretty border/trim around the ceiling.
These are what we call the centroids .
Super close to the venue, got a great rate ($75).
If you're coming in from out of town though, any of them will fit the ill.
When I compile the "Child.cpp" from the following code.
I solved this problem without using OData.
The roasting oven did not disappoint, chicken was and is super on point, their hot sauces are GREAT, sandwiches are delicious.
From Wikipedia: Latinos make up about 25% of the Chi-town population....about 2% of the Pittsburgh population.
the button for the popover: the error Uncaught TypeError: undefined is not a function shell.js:23 the jquery from shell.js line 23 I'm baffled as to why it breaks on this page only?
So, how many queries into Youtube are possible for day, for ip or domain?
depth of a tree python i am new to programming and am trying to calculate the depth of a python tree.
How to create a incomming call broad receiver programatically I have managed to put a broadcast receiver from the manifest file, it looks like this: Now what i am trying to do is to take it out of the manifest and start it only when the user presses a certain button, which should look somethings like this: But i don't get into the receiver, any idea why?
I can't wait to go back!
trouble using lambda expressions and auto keyword in c++ I'm trying to learn how to use lambda expressions in C++.
These drinks are going to be on the $8.50 side, some are worth it and some aren't, but The $3 Frozen Cosmo happy hour is the best deal on Ellsworth.
I get my food within 30 seconds of paying every time.
However for large code bases and projects DVCS gives a lot of flexibility in quickly creating decentralized remote branches.
Partial answer: Try all permutations of all subsets of your digits, probably starting with the largest candidates.
Food servings are bountiful and straight forward; not much creativity coming from the kitchen, but I would not expect that at a diner.
In practice, for the applications that support it, it works quite reliably, provided the logout went cleanly and you've not out of diskspace or something similar fatal.
The forms needs to be connected to an database server.
Service was perfect: attentive but not hovering.
Also Dick and Arnie's happens to be right up the road from my house.
I want to do a query that Selects all respondents thats not in a particular transformational.
I had the same problem too (access_token=0), but then I realized I was clearing Facebook cookies before calling getLogoutURL().
Another idea that I had was to compare only a randomly selected sample of pixels.
Met some friends for dinner/happy hour.
That's all I could ask for.
they become editable but the sorting and search of the datatables doesnt work..
Great experience here with our most recent vehicle purchase!
You can also store your users in a .
With the Bobcats and Time Warner arena you truly get a full entertainment experience on top of the NBA entertainment.
The fella got the Scottish salmon ($25), and he said it plus the scallion-ginger relish on top was pretty darn delicious.
Anyone with feedback on how to accomplish this will be greatly appreciated.
Although I could have specified Swiss or Pepper Jack - but I'm glad I didn't.
I'd create a hyperlink that links to a for something like this.
Edit: it's being posted via GET
The only lines that are important to the program contain the text and I need to stip all HTML tags from it as well.
Can't beat five dollar Coors Light pitchers...
After a couple of beers on a hot night, all you need is grease to soak up the booze.
The tapas are what I'd go to Cafe Luna for and if you order a couple they make up a full meal.
Thank you very much!\nA great meal to end a great day.
As to why, look at the case of Should this convert to a string and concatenate the strings, or should it convert to a numeric value and add the numbers?
Here is how I got it working without the need to modify the auto-generated classes.
\n\nDaily parking is also relatively cheap and convenient compared to the prices at other \""hub\"" airports.
it can drown out all the excitement of center city with its cool southern down home meets the city vibe..
plz help if is there any solution or any other way to get the value from child to parent form.
All the way at the far end of the Strip we finally found the best bar in the neighborhood (admittedly out of only a handful that exist).\n\nThis place was charmingly well worn around the edges, but it's mostly a standard American-Irish pub, with all the familiar bric-a-brac and beer taps.
I think they did that on purpose - views should be independent from controllers.
I have seen some major shows here, and almost all have been good.
A few months back, my husband and I randomly decided to give it another try, and boy am I glad we did!
Route is not triggerd with Attribute Routing and FromUri I want to trigger the below route with this url: What is wrong with my - I guess - Route attribute?
I mean something like where address is octal representation of "te.txt" and whole code will be saved as .bat
This is a quiet hotel right in the heart of the business district.
I'm hoping to avoid looking at the assembler if at all possible.
Saving the folder(and contents) to a set location.
\n\nI wish the parking wasn't so pricey, but overall, Discovery Place is a great resource here in town.
however one of our teammates was hurt pretty bad.I also hit a wall fairly hard and hurt my neck.The staff should recommend the use of the available neck pads to help avoid these type injuries.\nBe very aware of the risk of injury before you do this.
The signature dish is the lobster, but I've always liked shrimp better.
I will provide more detailed review of dishes at a later time as some time has passed since my last visits.
Con: Their bartender is a little snobby.
\n\nPrices are on the high end, but it is a wonderful place for a formal date or to convince guests that campustown really is a nice place.
See section 10.7.2 of the C# 3.0 spec for more details.
As other reviewers have pointed out, going there both breaks and warms your heart.
Living close allows us to go there anytime we want, like having a theme park in our backyard!
With Fluid Layouts, can an image be made completely fluid?
I'm a newbie I can make even a very simple mistake.
The front desk was extremely helpful and friendly!
Assign a value to a variable with DataStore fields value I need to declare a variable TeacherName that will receive its value from the DataStore field 'NameT' But in Firebug I always get the following error message: "Uncaught ReferenceError: NameT is not defined"
When I needed heel tips replaced in my heels, I found out how very difficult it is to find a shoe repair place.
If you want to make changes to the compiler and use that to build, take a look at if you haven't already.
In this setup your application source code is kept in src/main/java, application resources, including properties files, in src/main/resources, and other config files in src/main/config.
I keep getting the error "The property 'ReportNbr' is part of the primary key and cannot be modified." I thought this error was when you tried to update an existing entities' primary key field.
Plus their beer cave is great with hundreds of different bottles to choose from all listed by the region from which they came.
I took over half of it with me.
update row in mysql table in jsp i´m trying to update rows in , i´m using for data insertion.
I dine at this restaurant frequently.
From the waffle sundae for my youngest to the seafood omelet for me...they have it all.
I have been told this place was great for years.
I will start my review by saying that I am not a Thai food expert, but I love Thai Cuisine!
The subs are always good and they have a grill!
See this demo code: How can I tell lxml to not do this?
It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness.
Nice staff, leather chairs, and super fast wifi.
Illini book store for all your Illini gear/book needs\n8.
This is a glutton's dream come true.
Patio is in the back, so you don't get all the road noise, and is quite pleasant.
got a great mani-pedi here the other day.
Staff is great and food is just what you need and more.
Is it possible to check if or libraries are loaded and use proper behaviours ?
If nothing works, try replacing the contents of your file with the content of any other valid testng.xml file.
I want to create another file which is only the last n lines of the log file BUT also updating.
\n\nThe food is pretty good and they have a very large bar selection.
The ribeye steak sandwich is my favorite.
Anyway, the waitress mentioned how the restaurant is owned by two sisters for a very long time and one of them does all of the baking.
And after yesterday's game it will be a long time before I go again.\n\nIt is a very nice stadium, we had a beautiful sunny afternoon and lots of Giant fans in the house.
Seems like a restaurant that caters to corporate dinners.
Use JConsole-- you likely already have it:
Good prices for hooch, particularly if you pay in cash.
We had our child's first portrait session here for the growth panel- a series of photos from pre-sitting, sitting, and first steps.
The BBQ ribs were small beef short ribs with a thin vinegar based sauce.
I want to hang out here more.
Much more than just hot dogs.
Reduce Transparency setting in OS X makes white text in NSButton in popover disappear I'm working on an OS X app that involves popovers with web views in them.
I did find the service a tad slow but of all the italian places in this area I would go here first.\n\nI had an italian hoggie that was very good and yes they do have excellent meatballs.
There are books and comfy couches for the daytime coffee drinkers.
Each time they have been less expensive but not of lower quality and certainly more of a straight-shooting, above the table approach.
\n\nI have many regrets from my college career.
All these clr functions and procedures are in the same instance of the database.
Load UIImage from file using grand central dispatch I'm trying to load images in the background using gcd.
I used to go to more expensive salons for cuts but the price was hard to keep up with and even there I wasn't too happy with the haircuts at times.
onCreate() snippet where object called historyText Logcat
You can explicitly deal with larger numbers, even on 32 bit devices, if you explicitly specify or (unsigned, and signed, respectively).
Do I have to do another thing or what is wrong here?
You have two options: Either replace the and any other HTML5 elements with old-style elements, or use a polyfill like html5shiv or Modernizr , both of which will fix the problem in IE8 and make these elements work as normal.
Got the final invoice by email next morning.
The Harris location is primarily where my wife and I work out, but I couldn't help but review gateway YMCA first!
They've got pretty good drink specials every night, and the menu is diverse for a sports bar.
The eggs were average, and the bacon was pretty skimpy, but the pancakes.
You can then invoked a function from the library and even pass it a dom element The library then can manipulate your dom element and hence your page.
Iterators can be stacked, so you add Filter on Filter on top, each caring only for a single piece of filtering, which makes this very maintainable and extensible.
1 There are plenty of ways of making it slower , e.g.
After a blast of warm air I was welcomed into this dark, cozy and seductive venue.
A randomly generated PIN is probably better than a non-random one (or one supplied by the user!) but neither is up to scratch ...
Here's a solution that works like the Evernote login screen: First, define a class that will be your special LinearLayout like this: This layout listens to measure changes, and if new measurements are &lt; than the old ones, that means part of the screen is eaten by soft keyboard.
And it should be ticked to avoid this problem.
Food is prepared fresh and is very tasty.
You will NOT be disappointed at all.
All it needs is the signature of the function: the return type, name, and the parameter types.
We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us miss our reservation somewhere else.
After creating several test files, my output looks like the following:
He said he'd be back in 10 minutes with our fish.
The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome.
"Ne Folder"is a predefined entry in the context menu, and that list is extensible.
Just index the zip/postal code and it will be fast.
I don't really think you can go wrong with any of the choices..
They don't take credit cards but they so have an atm on site (that charges you $2 transaction fee).
NullPointerException while setting LayoutParams I want to add a button programmatically, which LayoutParams should be set too.
It's a great place to casually go before or after an Uptown show or event, especially if you can get there between 5:00 and 7:00 p.m.
That issue is caused by float positioning of elements of different heights.
The flavor is very robust and Espresso tends toward a darker roast.\n\nFavorite to drink: Hazelnut Americano.\n\nHaven't been back for awhile, but it's a must-see-stop whenever I'm back in the Chambana area.
I got this answer by casting value into dacimal.
1) Am I able to iterate through the list, and grab the string that the iterator is currently at?
Anyway, basically what I am doing now is completely homework that deals with low-level I/Os.
Notice that EncDateTime contains not only the date, but also the time, so it doesn't match with HolidayDate that contains just the date.
This is redundant, but at least it affects only one person - the rest of the team can reap the benefits.
extend &ltobject> Override properties in the input data.
ng-tables version 0.4.3 expects a $defer object to be returned, so I had to wrap my query in a defer.resolve.
He then walked me all the way up to checkout so that I wouldn't have to carry the two bundles myself.
I create a new account and user/account owner on a chosen subdomain (mysubdomain.lvh.me:3000), from which I can send a user invitation just fine.
Error when using eval to execute aasm block We put the whole block in string and eval it in model.
You can increase the number of results so it returns more than 50 results (see the Search page in the documentation ), although the amount is limited (it seems to be 200 tracks at the moment).
Try to change: to: I have tried again to edit your code, you don't need to use global variable, because you instantiate the PDO class directly and use it on the fly.
Both were fantastic as was the service.
It looks like a little dive-bar in the heart of downtown Charlotte, but once you walk in you know you're home!
method 1.you can use load data command method 2.
I will continue to stop in for delicious glasses of sangria and huge portions of pasta and other \""Italian\"" comfort foods - but only on days I'm not in a rush; and hopefully the trend of slower service and not calling in enough people to work won't last forever.
The amount of choice is less than just about all the Chinese Buffets that I have ever been too, but in my opinion they make up for that in delicious food.
Don't single quote your table name, if anything use magic quotes (`) You should not be building the query by concatenating strings.
Add a dot after the .
However, I can't find a way to display my snippet in IntelliSense.
I like this location better than the one near Johnson's creek.
Another airport another day of hurry up and wait !
We had the nacho appetizer which was big enough for both of us.
I called to schedule an oil change right before Christmas when no one could fit my car in.
I recently tried their Queen City Roll and its absolutely delicious paired with a glass of Conundrum.
Determine if two unsorted arrays are identical?
I orignally was going to request a meat but this meal needed none of that nonsense.\n\nThey have a lunchtime buffet that looked good but I wanted to try something made fresh for my first stop.\n\nOverall - I like this place\n\nService - Great - super friendly\nFood - Very good - The Gnocch and their other homade pastas deserve a try\nPrice - My meal (dinner menu) was $17.\n\nCheck this place out - it will definitely take you back to the 70's :-)
Also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.
Sometimes you'll see students studying here.\n\nIt's a 24 hour place, and there's one of those \""use the claw to grab a stuffed animal\"" machines in the back if you're interested.
I actually thought the bacon, egg & cheese sandwich I had was better than some big time BE&C sandwiches at well know eateries.
See the code below: Any help will be much appreciated so I can go on investigating large datasets, thank you :) The VCF file by the way looks something like this: INDIVIDUAL_1 INDIVIDUAL_2 INDIVIDUAL_3 0/0:9,0:9:24:0,24,221 1/0:5,4:9:25:25,0,26 1/1:0,13:13:33:347,33,0 This is then the header line with the individual ID names (I have in total 33 individuals with more complicated ID tags, I simplified here) and then I have a lot of these information lines with the same specific pattern.
Remind me how good your hoagies are, that they're not overpriced like the Pizza is, and then serve me endless glasses of Coke Zero.
It's fine dining at reasonable prices.
Strange / unstable behaviour on CreatePivotTable() I am writing VBA code to automate some processes in Excel and I am encountering a very strange behavior for which I have not been able to find documentation / help.
Is there a trivial or easy to do this?
Coming from a Chicago native, that is ridiculously affordable.
You could also make requests to different ports, which again could be abused, used to make zombies, and hundreds other things more creative people would think off...
The timing was probably bad - the Monday nite of Thanksgiving week at 8 pm but there was no more than a 4 or so tables going off.
This is my HTML code: And this is the Angular code:
Romantic interior that's a refreshing throwback, and the best hummus and iced tea I had in Pittsburgh.
This seems strange to me, but ok...
I've tried so many different formats and I'm totally tearing my hair out.
Plan to wait a bit (maybe 30 minutes or so) for a table on Saturday mornings!
I also enjoyed the food, although if I recall correctly, there was entirely too much of it.\n\nAs a carless resident of Pittsburgh, I love the great location on Walnut Street.
I am fed up with IE.
Redis is fast, but it can't be as fast as a direct memory access.
This works: With your example data, prints:
The food is pretty good compared to other Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
It was not very crowded at all but that could have been because it was late.
So the programming world has lots of experience pro and con with them.
Or, and that's what I did, use std::tr1::unordered_set / map instead.
The Monticello is a great place to have a civilized breakfast.
There would be no point in returning a reference if you couldn't actually do anything with it.
The getElementsByClassName() method returns a collection of an element's child elements with the specified class name, as a NodeList object.
red carpet on the walls makes me get all giddy.
Please give me a solution to solve this problem.
The Firebug Working Group is working on fixing this problem in issue 7301 .
Also maybe have a look at JChav (seems dormant though).
In this case I want to get 766321929 only...
I do believe it's priced parallel to the meal, but I would save it for a slighty more special occasion.
so i made a simple HTML code, without any additions but its still more than 100%, see here: the thing is, it scrolls just a little bit more then 100% meaning about 5-10px more..
Nothing is ever the same as .
A single will run you $12 but it is my favorite scotch, so I say it gets a number.\n\n5.
Will check if it is responding at all, if not don't show the iframe.
actually, city workers could give them some tips on efficiency...
\nSince I am now creating a latte in PGH list, it is somewhat unfair to not come giving them a chance at all.\nI am actually not disappointed by the cap I got here, nutty and mild.
I'm not sure, but try to check other way than windows authentication.
They also sell SASHIMI grade fish so we tried our hand at sashimi cutting one afternoon as well.
My only minor complaint on the benedict was that the tomatoes weren't quite ripe, but as my own garden will attest it's been a rough tomato year.
The Shadyside Inn was PERFECT for our stay.
Considered Technique Nº2 Wholesale replacement of tags: and doing a find-replace to change with Considered Technique Nº3 i considered giving an ID to the important HTML elements: and then using an HTML DOM parser to programatically delete nodes.
I've always liked this restaurant a lot for it's food but with a new GM Ian Kee I am at the \""rave\"" level.
Unfortunately, they let their manager and some of their staff go AND changed what was a very good menu.
Where should I host php file for ajax call?
Food was amazing and since I have braces I got egg drop soup and chicken fried rice and I'm glad I did it was amazing and didn't have to wait long at all...
I've found an example on CodeProject that works really well.
Then I insert the new spreadsheet I want to return to the caller two things: link to the newly created spreadsheet and its key.
the classpath has a default path a period(.) which means the current directory.
She sat down and knuckled a tear from her eye.\n I clapped my hands and beamed across the room.
Nice surprise.\n\nExpecting bar food when looking for a quick dinner while in town on business from Florida, we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price.
If you then run your network with GRU2 as last layer instead of GRU (with return_sequences = True for the GRU2 layer), you can just call predict on your network, this will give you all hidden layer and gate values.
The restaurant has this small down home feel to it.
The chicken breasts where ridiculously juicy The mac and cheese reminded me of the extra fattening goodness that only someone that learned a recipe that has stood the test of time.
The bartenders aren't shy with alcohol, so keep that in mind.\n\nAtmosphere & Service: The waitress was super helpful, and the atmosphere provided a good medium for a great conversation.
But if you do choose to watch, the seats are fairly comfortable.
The first thing I notice is that you've got a lot of functions that do basically the same thing (with some numbers different).
I was informed by the manager that the old recipe was 'too spicy' for people in this overgrown Mayberry.
Responding to dvcolgan's clarifying comment: So, you want to have an HTML file on the server with inline CoffeeScript that gets served as HTML with inline JavaScript.
Surely the activity is not going get onStop invoked?
\n\nTwelve taps, good cocktails, great service and a friendly atmosphere.
I'd like to model an as a value object.
In other words you will need all the nodes to see each other.
After 50 minutes of inactivity, the firewall flushes idle ldap connections.
I can't think of a better pairing of food/beer.
Say I wanted to send a query and have the it return emails to us.
Great for naps, reading, or a place to rest in between test.
I order from this place consistently and it is always hot, fast, and delicious.
Please let me know if it helped.
Get php results with jquery ajax I don't know why I am having a hard time with this, but it's about time I came up for air and asked the question.
This worked for me,(Using ShareIntent) Just call in you btn
Still, $75 for a Zone 1 pass is a LOT of money when you're paid minimum wage--which I'm sure is the case for many passengers.
Prosciutto, mortadella, imported provolone and pancetta..i can go on and on( i use their homemade Italian sausage in my sauce)\nFraboni's is a TRUE Italian Specialty Store.
I would like to create a line chart in my rcp application.is it possible to plot a line chart dynamically using birt.
Tessaro's doesn't need to top their burgers with a bunch of ridiculous toppings as their beef is just that damn good.
You can get horizontal align for this image using for tag "a": But for to get vertical align unfortunately you need to set margin-top for this image with hands using known height of parent div (or, with the same result, padding-top for "a" tag).
Basically for a xml editor i want to make xml tags values to be editable but not the tags itself.
Waterfront Geagle is my primary market.
Close your eyes and open them quick and your in Germany.
There was an issue with one sandwich, called up and talked with the owner.
We were seated in the small dining room to the right of the foyer.
\nI like that they have monthly range packages available.
How can I get return value when using awk in perl script?
I had previously stayed in one in Chicago that was pretty ghetto.
Service & food was great .
I've searched and haven't found anything that works.
The room (Sonenson) was clean and bed comfortable.
It's reassuring to know that you're going to walk into a facial and come out with soft supple skin - rather than a face full of red marks and peeling.
The Osso Buco to die for.
(Actually it is in the $current_top_level_member variable, but $top_level_array never sees the changes.) You want a reference instead: EDIT: You can also use the by reference notation (hat tip to air4x) to avoid the extra assignment.
If not, how do I get gulp to move my compiled .ts files and my folder structure and html to the wwwroot folder?
The program allows you to compare 2 databases, and generate scripts for going from each database schema to the other.
The burgers aren't that good, however; they're overdone and greasy.\n\nThe sides also leave something to be desired.
ROUTES replace this to this and CONTROLLER
But seriously, I was blown away by the drinks, specials, servers, food, manager, space....that I couldn't understand why it wasn't packed on a Monday night that happened to be Martin Luther King Day!
Concessions are everywhere, and some are pretty good.
I am a bit surprised because I had already called other Eye Care in Urbana but it seems that none of them has the 1.74 hi-index, the thinnest lenses out there.\n\nI went to Illini Eye Care on Tuesday, July 22 2014, met with Christina Peet, the Optician.
Unless you are my pal Eddie, who swears by the livermush sandwich here.\n\nIt's nothing fancy.
So I was a little skeptical for brunch items.
I don't care about visit order, all nodes are visited once and the algorithm works fine.
You can keep up to date on the latest guidelines by referring to this page: The limits apply to any caller of the Power BI API.
Comfortable chairs, lights strung across the ceiling, the most pleasant breeze and a view of the sky (which at the time was a mix of pinks and reds).
How could I rectify this situation.
\n\nI went with the smoked chopped pork shoulder sandwich platter and two sides: the potato salad and the corn.
S.No - BookName - Author Name If I want to unset a field value i.e.
The convo was perfect, sports and everything in between....cut and price also very nice....
Below is how to get this working in meteor.
If you google \""Whole Foods deals,\"" you'll find a whole slew of couponing blogs that tell you where to find the coupons.
Some other noteworthy points include that I'm using the application pool, that the managed pipeline is integrated, and that load user profile is set to true.
However, your performance problem in the example is mainly due to your code: here you need to perform even you curry it.
you can use this or use jTextField
The line is printed (the trailing ) only when it matches.
We finally decided to take a trip to Klavon's.
The side dish I chose was the Broccoli Slaw and honestly, it tasted like 'healthy'.
We usually got 200 tickets per play on average.
The convention center is well setup and the link between the hotel and the convention center works really well, especially if it's raining.\n\nMy only complaint is that the elevators are slow during busy times.
First add this certificate via script in this folder: {rubyfolder}\lib\ruby\2.1.0\rubygems\ssl_certs
the coleslaw isn't creamy its a big vinegry, so it doesn't soak ur sandwich.
It will have to pay for an fsync() on every modification.
The skin is more than crunchy, it's FIRM.
The second statement: tests "pick up the partial value of from , and see if not set", that is true at least if the value doesn't have set, and the other flags are ignored.
Maybe I'm just unlucky with the timing of my visits.
It really isn't that bad- I always like to play the \""find the cheapest parking lot\"" game and it usually makes me walk a bit toward the arena, but we've all got to walk at some point.
How do I suppress/alter this message?
They also roast their beans in-house...in Market Square.
Great place to spend a summer evening with friends.
I am getting in my figure the expected Y values but only the last x value, which should span from 0 to 10.
From this point on I want all resolutions of the user dependency to use this value (i.e userObj ).
It may be relevant to you, however, if you are developing a web browser or browser extension, perhaps.
This Starbucks is right down the street from my parents house.
Consistantly just above average in my opinion.\nI chose 4 stars because it is constantly an above par establishment.
Can i automatically allow access to the authentication code within my application so that i may not use the browser??
Updated: 12/17/12\n\nThe Good: The staff was very friendly and helpful.
It's like they talk their language.
The fiddle -> The loop: Full SCSS: HTML:
This app can open a lot of different formats including .
The daughter was so sorry that it made me feel bad!
jQuery Toggle (Expanding Div) Inconsistent Transition With Text I've got my expanding div working, however it seems the transition opens abruptly on divs with text, yet closes with a smooth transition.
\nLifelong regular here and I will always be!
How do I implement circular constraints in PostgreSQL?
Removing multiple objects on Fabric.js canvas Struggling to remove multiple objects from the fabric canvas.
If you get there early, you can grab a table, toss some darts, and get your songs played on the internet jukebox.
The fact this this has 800+ reviews blew my mind!
But if the was constructed in a different thread, then the notification will be posted onto a to be processed later by the thread that constructed the and then the simple method call can be made when the notification event is processed.
but have heard it is ok...
I have successfully output a file based on the timestamp order, however, theres another condition i am trying to add also to alphabetically order if the time stamp is the same.
This is in Swift, but replies in Objective-C are entirely appreciated.
Then it should be simple chaining of the promises in the required order.
This proves evidently that you can save to disk and read from disk, which seems a basic feature of any serious application.
There's definitely a hint of pear in it, but other than that, I'm flummoxed.
You can't really go wrong there.
Parsing a language using scala parser combinators I have the following template: *notice how closes each container/block The trouble I see here is that there's no unique of some sort to represent each block so I have to keep track of how many container openers/closers there are ( / ) so that a block with an inside container's hash won't confuse the parser as ending the block.
So for example, if I use scale(0.75) the resulting left margin is around 200 pixels.
JQuery Click Event Not Firing on button I've got a JQuery click event that doesn't seems to be firing at all.
The wine selection is small but has something for most budgets and is pretty good.
There's patio seating in nice weather, and an intimate dining room otherwise.\n\nCafe Luna is at the corner of 4th and Green in the funny wooden building - either go up the stairs from Green and turn to your left, or enter from the side entrance on 4th.
I knew I'd have to find a caterer who could live up to her standards...or it would be a long year.
EDIT: What you were doing is essentially making a copy to the pointers in item1, item2.
Or maybe I should approach it from some other way?
This saved me a TON of cash.
I would recommend to anyone looking for some quality workmanship for a great price.
'Invoice','ABC','DEF'), including a computed or column constrained by check constraint to contain the matching value in the link table, and introduce a second foreign key: The only disadvantage to this model, although closer to your original proposal, is that you can have a work order that isn't actually linked to any other item (although it claims to be for an e.g INVOICE).
Unfortunately Swift doesn't have this feature.
In your OLE DB Source, make the following configuration changes change the Connection Manager from to change the query type from "Table or View" to "Query" paste your query and click the Columns tab to double check the query parsed Connect the OLE DB Source to the OLE DB Destination.
So we headed to the bar and were seated about 10 minutes later.
I want to wait for a window to be appear(or disappear) and I saw in the documentations that are functions for this:( However, when I am testing waitForWindowToAppear function, it always returns False, for example:
It feels more like "Web Components" to me.
igraph does not currently have a way to combine vertex/edge attributes from multiple graphs, except by hand.
I can't praise this kind of service enough!
Currently in the case, I need to validate if the employee number is null, then show the error message in the message component, else, nothing to be shown.
Woman recommended a large basket of fries to share and they were great!
Flying Saucer is the Taj Mahal of beer gardens.
Blue cheese bacon burger was excellent.
They're definitely kept in good condition and for an indoor facility that seems to be older in age the lighting is quite good.\n\nI did their two hour clinic on Sunday afternoon after playing a USTA match there and I can definitely say it is a great great great value.
The text of this issue is reproduced below: PEP 8 recommends absolute imports over relative imports, and section 5.4.2 of the import documentation says that an import will cause a binding to be placed in the imported module's parent's namespace.
My favorite is the vegan chicken salad on foccacia bread.
When I moved the project to Ubuntu I changed every file name to lower case, in the case of Libraries that was wrong.
In fixed elements, the position attributes are relative to the viewport.
Overall it's a really nice regular lunch spot, and a good place for an occasional dinner.
You did not define the label ...
But it is ugly and using a gives me the warning "Discouraged access: The type 'ObservableListWrapper' is not API (restriction on required library 'C:\Program Files\Java\jre1.8.0_60\lib\ext\jfxrt.jar')".
The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.\n\nThey also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic, eggplant and garlic, and a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.\n\nI always loved the fact PF Chang's offered brown rice.
Sometimes you can hear bickering in the kitchen between her and her old man- but that only adds to the family atmosphere.
Ditto for | git checkout HEAD -- and so on.
When Microsoft Multiplan and Microsoft Excel were released, they also assumed that 1900 was a leap year.
Adjusted code executes your action (not it's result) when modal is opened.
Naturally, I was along for the ride.
I love this friendly, neighborhood gym.
But even though the connection resulting from the "mgr.SPConnectWebParts()" method doesn't throw any exception and actually adds the connection to the connection list of the webpart manager, I can see in debug mode that the connection property 'IsActive" is false (maybe normal), and that when I create a new page based on the layout, the webparts appear not connected.
This happened for me a 6 months back i have done the same thing(making sure that fb session not destroyed before logging out the user) it worked
Keep track of how much data you have read in, and keep on appending to the same buffer).
Haven't tried their desserts, but they always look tasty.\n\nService: Good.
Yes, literally mom & pop....that's all folks!
here is my codes: On remote server none of messages success or error not shown &amp; no email sent but on local, every thing works like a charm.Thank you for your help.
It looks like the EWMH properties and are what you're looking for.
Just pick what you want at one of the counters, pay for it at the register and your done!
You just have to try this pizza.
How would I go about doing this with mongoose?
On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.
This is my go-to liquor store.
That is you actually append or prefix a string onto the query for each column so they are always long enough for the column heading.
Read these first: perldoc -f fork perldoc -f exec Pay attention to the bit about signals and zombie processes.
My JNDI URL in Tomcat's context file is The database server, the database and its table are all set to utf-8 using the instructions in this site.
I mean for application and also for .NET 2.0 if missing.
In this case, you cannot assume that is an alias for and therefore has the special aliasing rules applied.
Don't use Use Other things to check Permissions You are prefixing the function with the schema name when you use it.
Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ...
For that you use the HtmlHelper : That generates the right url for you automatically: EDIT 2 Ok, no MVC - so you have to generate your links yourself.
Adding a new table means that the (Java class of the) client application has to be updated.
How to set interactive crawls using AJax
Make your view hierarchy as flatten as possible, because view hierarchy matters a lot in AdapterViews and can have impact on performance depending upon nesting level.
The marquee dish on the show was the Jumbot.
There are three options: Fsync() every time a new command is appended to the append log file.
It's not the best used book store I've ever been into, but it's a quaint little place and the people who work here are really awesome people.
Have you verified that is not nil?
until i get maximums and minimums, because -2000 is actually smaller than -999 so if i entered that, its suppose to be kept in minimum not max ^_^
Obviously you'll need to unlock them in order to move them.
The other couple got a shrimp dish and a tilapia dish, which I tried but didn't care for.
It is often also convenient to do error-checking in these methods, and to call a selection of "setters" in the constructor to save on code or easily create multiple constructors.
Sample code: The part to set set / get the questions and increase the counter: The part the output the question:
Your other perhaps bigger problem is surely that you are allocating a string on the Pascal module's heap with no obvious way of deallocating it.
It only works in my CS.Files.
Everyone at the table was delighted at all the food we ordered - and we did the full on meal.
Which is how husband and I were referred to Point Brugge, Salt of the Earth, and lastly Soba Lounge, thanks to the brilliant hostess at our B&B who told us Soba was her favorite spot within walking distance.
It is probably not worth making a trip out there but if you're in the neighborhood, I'd say give it a try.
I was particularly interested in the keyboards and ukuleles and was very pleased!
\n\nIt feels very open and spacious and you get tons of natural light.
Unable to ‎WebKit Layout Tests‎ on android Compile the chromium for Android Build every test: Running the layout Tests I get following errors: Using port 'chromium-linux-x86_64' Test configuration: Placing test results in /host/chromium/src/webkit/Release/layout-test-results Baseline search path: chromium-linux -> chromium-win -> generic Using Release build Pixel tests enabled Regular timeout: 6000, slow test timeout: 30000 Command line: /host/chromium/src/third_party/WebKit/out/Release/DumpRenderTree - Found 29487 tests; running 28395, skipping 1092.
set to enable piping results to elasticsearch) - I get the following error: Notes May or may not be relevant.
we love to go to this place when we are in visiting the in-laws.
But when I view the variable during debugging it displays it as a string "add16".
I would try with the order of inclusion since it seems you are not deleting values.
But this is core from yii, therefore I can't change it.
\n\nIf you have not tried this place out I would highly recommend it.
To get the particular node value you can use the below-- [ ]
A while back, this happened here, and Carolina Neurological rewrote their terms of service (or whatever it is called) so that if you are X minutes late to an appointment, you have to reschedule.
As in when I select the second customer I also need to select a third customer in order for them to appear (I still need to click).
This last time they kept it and I turned right back around to get it.
The selection varies, but most include some delicious local ingredients, including local greens from Blue Moon farm's and chevre produced by the state's only artisan cheese maker.
I can't wait to go back and enjoy another.
I saw it online before I arrived and dismissed it, but our server (Amanda) sold us on it when we got there.
The steaks are good-to be expected, but I was surprised at how delicious the cheeseburger was.
I get the first through and it returns Then I call and it returns The key seems to be preceded by .
Is there any way of doing this without needing to build an extremely complex array of for loops?
javax.net.ssl.SSLException: hostname in certificate didn't match android I am creating an android app in which i am sending data to the web service but i am getting error of javax.net.ssl.SSLException: hostname in certificate didn't match android here is my code where series_event_raceid=103 and qrcode=R12g*** anyone please help me here is my logcat
The Dor-Stop produced my order of two eggs over medium, and two large banana, chocolate chip pancakes.
I'm not going to ask why are you doing it, but here you have one option :-)
Cairo already can use GL directly, but Cogl has a better state tracking already.
If there are exactly 100 users at all times and you want everyone from position 65 to position 1, thats easy.
Like, do login, callback to the main function with some user info, use this info to make a new request, have a callback waiting for that data, that passes back data to some other method.
Activemq not start in linux mint17 Please see the following console output after executing activemq console command: /opt/apache-activemq-5.5.1/bin $ sudo activemq console sudo: /var/lib/sudo/vivek writable by non-owner (040777), should be mode 0700 [sudo] password for vivek: INFO: Loading '/usr/share/activemq/activemq-options' INFO: Using java '/usr/bin/java' INFO: Starting in foreground, this is just for debugging purposes (stop process by pressing CTRL+C) INFO: changing to user 'activemq' to invoke java mkdir: missing operand Try 'mkdir --help' for more information.
Basically: is used to discover information about a XMPP entity.
\n\nThe relish was bright green, so I was a little taken aback by it.
All in all I felt like it could not have been a better dinner date night!
I hear the fish fry's are good.
I started going here on and off about eight years ago.
Is there a way to do this more efficiently?
We have been to other city's children's museums and this is one of the best.\n\nThere are tons of stuff for them to do.
I have tried a lot of things, these were my best efforts so far.
I was hungry and this really hit the spot.
If the churches are separate, do not need to interoperate and even prefer to remain completely independent, then the multi-install case may be a good fit.
As @sanchitsingh said, you need to import only " ".
I had an issue with my ride within 200 miles of riding and brought it in and they only charged me for parts,no labor.
I went with the shrimp and grits which comes with collard greens...yep, I said collards!!!
Installing Caliburn.Micro NuGet Package always fails I am attempting to compile the Caliburn.Micro projects from GitHub so I can generate the DLL's to use in my own project - a Caliburn.Micro Xamarin Native Android project.
The staff is always friendly and the wait time is never as bad as other restaurants.
Apache proxypass and multilingual domains I have a website on domain.com which has multilingual content in URLs e.g.: domain.com/en for english domain.com/de for german domain.com/it for italian etc.
Can I simplify WebRTC signalling for computers on the same private network?
The service was extremely friendly by the way.
You forgot to add the prefix in your annotations: should be
Yep, I know it's more politically correct to eat at a locally-owned family restaurant.
It includes .NET, C++, and VB6 code.
Is there a way to prevent this from happening?
I've been here twice and both times were great experiences for me despite the bad reviews on here.\n\nThis location does get ridiculously packed all the time for some reason.
If the checkbox is not checked then the page won't be valid and won't submit the data.
After the change in ownership, the bakery has seemed to gone downhill a bit.
If you plan on going at least once a week (or more often like me) buying a membership is the way to go, and there are different specials each month.\n\nSometimes the gym can get crowded (especially on Wednesdays) but there's lots of routes and it's fun to take some time and meet other climbers.
So i can honestly say that is the weirdest, unexplained complication i ever had in my programming experience.
Their recent remodel really opened up the space, yet it still feels very cozy.
The two standard patterns for High Availability NAT are: High Availability for Amazon VPC NAT Instances: An Example Using Squid Proxy Instances for Web Service Access in Amazon VPC: An Example (Uses proxies instead of route tables, I think) If you are using the NAT for traffic to Amazon S3, you can also take advantage of VPC Endpoint for S3 to reduce the reliance on having a HA NAT.
Brunch is my passion so I am always on the hunt for new spots.
A problem I've encountered is that many Facebook entries have string which are not URLs in their "website" and "link" fields.
To get from point A to point B in a reasonable amount of time (less than an hour if in city limits) and in reasonable comfort.\n2.
So, you get all the downside without any of the upside.
This line: removes more on iOS 8 than on iOS 7.
Pepper to go with it cost me $4.25 - not bad, in my opinion.
So I've found that I can make a webservice and call it by the JavaScript code.
I never used to go because it was across the street from the original Elbow Room but three times this summer.
Here is a code snippet: I have to resolve entity type of what's in the object collection via the item variable.
That means I will display a dropdown list.
I'm into the shrimp burrito because i love me some shrimp.
I even enjoyed the butter as a sweet additive to a decadent treat!
The service was also fantastic!\n\nFor my entree, I had the cioppino -- it may be one of the best that I've ever had.
The people at the desk were very friendly.
Including in the index should allow the whole query to be satisfied directly from the index.
I created a custom payment module, that shows up in the payment options, and when the user places the order , it redirects to my custom checkout success message.
I think these may not usually be cooked by their Chinese chef, but instead by their non-Chinese workers.\n\nThe third menu is the menu of Thai items.
First, you never want to do default initializations in calling code, you can create a constructor for your struct and do it there: Then (since this is C++) You should use over in C++, though if you ever did need your statement would need to be fixed, to:
You typically don't think much of it in other cases, but do yourself a favor and try Nick's.
But, is there any other options?
I have read the documentation and it seems like if this flag is set when calling an Activity, if the user presses the back button or that Activity is finished(), it still remains on the stack.
This would be similar to the way a text mode interface typically works.
I know in C# it is like this: edit: made the question more clear.
Definitely recommend the lamb or the pork on a bed of southern smoked greens.
If, like me, you have difficulty remembering what the URL was for a working copy you want to work with, will give it to you.
I absolutely love Caribou Coffee especially this location because it's located in the beautiful South Park/ Fox Croft area!
Not a big deal until it comes time to Commit().
If you don't know the pizza in an area, look for the dirtiest, rundown place you can find, and you'll find the best pizza in town.
Expression args: (value, key, list) all &ltexp> Return 'true' if all values in the input make the expression true.
They are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained.
The small office seemed like a friendly, casual environment.
I tried the same code in CodeBlocks(it frozens) in Visual Studio(it's tha same) and also in Dev-Cpp, where i get a lot of errors.
I've tested this and found that returns question mark that You mentioned.
My clam sauce with whole wheat pasta was absolutely perfectly al-dente.
If you have 100 bit-arrays of length 22 each, this takes something on the order of 2200 operations.
I want to keep using a DVCS for my own development.
Not that familiar with how you query the db, but you probably have iterate over the result set like this:
If unsure about this, then try to always wrap application logic in: Which makes sure the connections have been made.
One bartender in particular (and I forgot his name, sorry), on my last night of stay, gave me free drinks, which was very kind of him.
The dumplings were also a favorite of mine too!!
The method isn't even being called.
I went to buy a Lasermax center fire for my LC9 which I purchased a couple of months earlier at Hyatts.
Service is friendly but it can sometimes be on the slow side when the line is long.
Old school diner, known for chili-dogs\n\nMost of the reviews here are on point.
Our poor little guy had been dumped in a park and some very nice person brought him to the ARL who took him in, waited 3 days for someone to claim him, and neutered him.
Have a look at this post.
\n\nIt takes about an hour to 1.5 hours (going at a brisk pace) to cover all of the gardens on display.
In the tiered scheme, in addition to the interpreter, the client compiler is used to generate compiled versions of methods that collect profiling information about themselves.
Thank you in advance for your answers.
If you recommend any plugin, please tell me wich.
So they kindly took my name and number and said whenever they came across it again they would give me a call.
Cheap, quick, and delicious if you get the right thing!
\n\nFor the upscale beer they serve, the place isn't trendy or yuppie.
Most of the food was great.
The drinks are by the can or by the 2-liter.\n\nIn-store, you place the order and they'll either hand it to you at the counter or bring it out to you.
By making the constructor package local it can be accessed by unit tests in the same package.
I stood in line for 20 minutes (ALL OF HALFTIME AND THEN SOME) for a diet pepsi...
This corresponds to the converter feature.
C++ dll not found while C# dlls are all found(and works on my computer) on a clean computer(no visual studio), I zipped up the Debug folder for someone else (which worked on my computer) and someone else tried to start the program and I got the error System.DllNotFoundException: Unable to load DLL 'HookHandler.dll': The specified module could not be found.
I tried Could someone point out why it does not work ?
\n\nIf your looking for a fun hangout spot for you and your buddies or even a tasty treat for the kids then D'z is where it's at!!!
So when you initiatle the connection, servers says what it can handle, client choose one of the cipers and ciper the data using it.
My current plan is to configure in the database the number and kind of consumers to run on a given server.
It was a rare evening out for my wife and I and we enjoyed our meal immensely.
It's so delicious I never get anything else.
One-liner to attach strace to all php processes running: If the error is hard to reproduce, you can use xdebug php-module.
Okay, Donatelli's was my primary reason for going to Bloomfield the other day.
What would be the best way of doing this?
However, I created a separate activity where one can input the destination number and number of messages to be sent, and transfer that data back to the first activity through an intent.
If it is a small project, sometimes it does add too much complexity.
Maybe an idea which might work for you: To ban a user, create an entry in your database to the user to flag the user as banned with a timestamp NOW + X Now whenever the user logs in afterwards, you check wether the user is banned and immediately try to delete that entries.
Also, Amazon will be adding load balancing, autoscaling and dashboard features in upcoming updates to the service (see this link: Never underestimate Amazon as they have a good headstart on Cloud Computing and a big user base helping refine their offerings already.
There was an area for a \""chef\"" to make you eggs/omelette, but there was no one manning the station.
Heres a bit of code that demonstrates the idea: Of interest in there is the Looper that runs a message loop on the thread (to allow handling of the callbacks).
And in the body of the method I get request type HEAD from HttpRequest object.
The entree also gives a huge bowl of salad and penne alla vodka.
Me and my boyfriend left the place with full tummies and some leftover Mongolian chicken.
Lots of rolls, breadsticks, rye, wheat and focaccia.
My husband and I returned to Imperial Garden for dinner with our children.
The others already answered how to truncate a file.
I can't edit it again by clicking on it.
You need to define a cursor value for the last cell with CSS:
Are you implementing some sort of divide-and-conquer algorithm?
I would like to bring some more precision.
However, we don't care about the order the results are returned for this query - we only care about the order when looking at a single object.
So, my main question is, how do I implement this level of dynamicism using SQLAlchemy?
Do i have to set the path from include file or makefile?
\n\nWe got Budweisers for $2.50 and and Cosmos for $4.
I want to use a trigger after update to do this.
The lobster roll was pretty good, although I do remember it being better.
It could be a small shell script.
Usually pretty well-stocked for things you need and the more recent mid-sized grocery section usually has a decent amount of stuff when you're in need of this or that and already at Target.
I do not have root on the server so I cannot place the uuid .pys in the /usr/lib/python2.4/site-packages folder...
If the application is targeting a full or client profile of the framework?
I thought I was past the point of having my doors blown off by a dish, but the Cherry Special Chicken here did it from the first bite.\n\nI ordered it expecting something akin to sweet and sour chicken with a cherry twist.
To use recursion you should have a stop test and be sure to always launch the next step on a smaller problem .
Also I purchased 2 bottles from R wine cellar.
Are there any USB stick runnable, no-install, cross platform software frameworks (with GUI)?
However, the second that I moved the app over to distribution and put in on the app store, I discovered that all the objects that someone would send me from their installation would not show up in my inbox.
So the question is should I start with CI + Doctrine or learn directly Symfony2?
And it comes with a strawberry syrup.
You couldn't do that with a single pair of bound parameters.
To prevent different behaviour of the servers due to different default encoding, specify the encoding to use when converting bytes[] to String.
Pretty late on answering this question.
I would stay away from the \""elephant ears\"".
And don't dereference the variable, since it is not a pointer.
In time: I'm using ubuntu with bash shell Thanks in advance !!!
You can email your account manager and request that multiple rebates be enabled.
The scenery is gorgeous, very spacious, staff is welcoming.
In Pascal, is the assignment operator.
Aside from the food, service was extremely attentive and congenial.
The staff is always great.\n\nDown Sides: Drinks are fairly pricey and the bar is extremely dark.
I would recommend it in a heartbeat, saucy, flavourful, and colorful.
It wasn't too crowded the night I was there so we had the \""library\"" room to ourselves and the service was excellent.
Dishes may be slightly greasy, but they're tasty as hell.
After clearing our empty bowls our waiter bought out our entrees.
This place was originally an old drugstore/ soda fountain from the 1920's.
The bowls held a hearty serving of the delicious (and filling) cream soup.
I bring my friends and family here whenever they visit because it is that cool, and that important.
Sign on the door said hours were 11 am to whatever, but we got there to find the doors still locked.
If you use Starling, ND2D or write your own Stage3D wrapper you'll be able to get better performance.
Invalid Objects and What issue they can cause in application?
If the manufacturer does not publish this, then you are out of luck unless you can reverse engineer it yourself.
a one in a bit location means that pin is an output, a zero an input.
They somehow compact all the flavor of their sheet cake into one little cupcake and do not skimp on the burnt almonds as well as the icing.
As I've said on other reviews, I like my food kind of plain, so I love the Sesame Chicken or the Chicken Broccoli.
In order for your code to work, you have to reverse the logic i.e.
I suggest using backticks as shown above in my example, and try.
For example, when the user clicks "Favorites Online (4)", I show the pop up div element with a fixed height and "Loading...".
We made a reservation so we checked in and got a buzzer.
Using RVM gemsets inside of Vim I have set up a file for my project, which simply looks like this My Vim workflow is to into the project's directory and then use CommandT to navigate between files and execute specs via .
Probably good they have not offered more of a selection for snacks since I feel like I'm always eating and drinking in here anyway...
\n But the people who work there were nice.
The cheesesteak was ridiculously large, overflowing with meat.
He was giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.\n\nOh, they also make great cocktails and have a very, very nice wine list.\n\nOh, if you think you can only get good fries and mussels at the Belgium place around the corner, try Pino's.
For pointer variable "strong" only more comfortable.
Certainly not a creole expert, but felt very authentic.
Here is what i mean: There is one possible drawback with this approach - we are not using the tag to create the match.
If you want things really, really fast, go the route you were thinking of but use memcache or redis.
I was able to get the photo gallery working in one tab but without functions (click on a pic --> it opens, etc).
There is some water on the hole, but it's named because you can see Lake Mendota from the hill it's on.
Christos, the owner is hospitable and welcoming.
She listened to what I wanted, was fun to talk to, and gave me many helpful tips.
From above mentioned rules I probably have to use one-hot encoding for categorical 'color' data.
The place is so down to earth.
\n\nMe and my buddy ate for just $18.
can we create compact table(excel-like) from normal table using javascript?
Kind of a ghost town because it's so large, but the space was really nice.
Have you seen this post recommending the use of section?
Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets.
Cocoa/Objective-C: how much optimization should I do myself?
The pastor is straight to the point and is very honest about his own struggles in life.
Each of the three smelled fabulous.
I must say Rockwell did a very good job, and watching the sun set over the Allegheny River while dining on our meal was simply delightful.
Using the C++ library whe have an improvement of speed (if used wisely) and much less errors.
Had a New York Strip steak and Scallops for $22.00
So the key thing I learned from this whole experience, mind your database calls - they can quickly add up!
The HTTP spec doesn't seem to say yes or no and neither does the Atom spec (although their example shows an empty entity body on the response).
The IBindingListView interface, such as the BindingSource class.
This will put the service at a higher priority than a background service, and should be interrupted less by the system.
Otherwise his entire script used defaults, in his words "as an attempt to save database space".
I told the shift manager, Matt, and he fixed the problem immediately.
php, regex preg_match a specific word 0 or 1 time I want to match a string with the words of another string, keeping the order: I want the result to be Because all the words in the match string are found in the original ordered.
Assuming that passport is correctly configured for a local strategy, as well as the routers and the rest of the app.
The center of the store has a giant table full of sale items, including last-season decorations and random knick knacks.
They show you an overall map at the beginning and then give you a blank one with numbered squares.
This leads me to think that there is something like a canvas scale, but there is not.
It's like 2 shops next to each other separated by a hall way.
The staff was polite and helpful.
The Kendo UI Grid having pagination style in round box, I need in Square box How to do that?
Such a great flavor in the batter, but it didn't overwhelm the great catfish flavor either!
Such as: transfer to , transfer to , transfer to , ...
Then I exported the certificate(.cer) using keytool and copied same on my client(windows).
We very happily toned it down by that point.
My guests were happy with the food too.
It means that you get the JSON object, but in a String format.
Suppress Page header when there is no data in Details sections I am using a datatable to load the data for the crystal report.
Zope (ZPT) overlapping tags I try to create an open tag condition and close a tag in another condition with TAL in a Zope Page Template but I'm not allowed to overlap tags.
You can use a ListView and then set its DataTemplate to effectively make it look exactly as u want.
As a side note, does nothing and can be omitted.
Filter the array with another array containing the names to be filtered from the first array
The winding roads are great for anyone who needs a bit of exercise and many of the gravestones are quite beautiful and interesting.
But every time I try to send some json up to the server, get the error 'Cannot create an abstract class.' I generated my request data by running an instance of my object through a , adding the __type field, and wrapping it in {"obj": mydata }.
the future is going to be a bit more gray than a black-and-white replacement.
Is there a solution for this?
It goes without saying that they've got great beer.
I ordered a side of guacamole, because it's pretty good.
fetching data from indexed database in HTML 5 and binding to gridview I am fetching data from the indexed database in HTML 5, I am able to successfully get the values but I want it to bind it to some data-grid view of ASP.NET The code which I am using to get the values from the indexed database is this allows me to store the data in the array, how can I bind it to datagrid view,
The files have the information like the following: 012016 14498 022016 7135 032016 10500 042016 16695 052016 16245 062016 13416 This is the script I used: Any help is very appreciated.
org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException exception in UNIX I have my java spring standalone project which works fine in windows but when I create jar file and executes that jar file by using shell script, it gives me .
Stubba is a separate part of Mocha that allows mocking and stubbing of methods on real (non-mock) classes.
Trish, the bartender, is a fantastic bartender with a hilariously sharp tongue.\n\nI haven't tried very many of the menu items, except for the chicken wings, which are a house specialty.
I usually get a slice of pizza and today I added in a side of meatballs.
But I will say that I should have known better coming into a grocery store before a major partying holiday.
I'm surprised Roland's has such bad reviews.
if a field is final, then you have to initialize it when it's declared or with a constructor: Nevertheless, you have in your code several initialization in a methid: and this makes no sense at all:
Have a look at the SWT Snippets for more examples.
That's because minutesAdded() is using the number of minutes to determine whether it's the morning or evening.
Or you can check first if key exists by using isset().
I like to eat healthily for lunch so I don't feel like I'm in a food coma after, and they have many healthy options.
My dog is a relatively high-strung German shepherd, and the vet is always calm and relaxed with her, which helps the dog be calm and relaxed as well.
excellent reasons to do your wash here:\n\n - the air conditioning is pumping!
\nI can't wait to go back there.I could spend hundreds of Dollars there.
I've tried it and I can at least concur it is good!\n\nThe only take away for me was the lack of lighting in the place, last time I was in there it was very dark and only lit by candlelight.
If you end up using transactions to fix the above problem, then you'll be making two round-trips to the datastore every time you insert the record (once to insert, and once to update the counter).
\n\nI first went into Eons after reading some reviews.
All went ok and log cat didn't give me any errors but when i pressed the test button to check if data got added in the cloud or not but it said "no data yet".
You'll have better luck parking on one of the residential streets behind the joint.
We have gold cove, the most expensive membership which allows you to have exclusive access to outdoor water park during summer and most of the group fitness classes offered in the club but we hardly go to group fitness class and hardly go to outdoor water park.
Now I've got the problem, that people who use my plugin may have a different jQuery Version on their Wordpress Blogs, so what shall I do to manage that?
How to check ping between client and server in php?
You'd need to explode the captured pages on the slash and go from there though.
Can anyone help me on this?
We booked this hotel as we want to watch the Xmas Lakers game.
it's a starbucks...what can I say other than it's as great as every starbucks I've been to!
I'm rethinking my top Indian restaurants in town after this experience.
I imported the plugin for unity, and added an app as well as a campaign on chartboost.
If you have a sweet craving, this is definitely a top spot to come pig out at.
The meatball is more tender and flavorful than the beef which can be dry or tough to some that haven't had Pho before.
\n\nAll in all, Discovery Place is a great place for kids, but it can also be enjoyed by adults.
In my case, the maps may be small enough that may be faster and use less memory.
The soup was delicious and it sure didn't taste canned.
RandomMove Method Tic Tac Toe Not Functional I am working on creating a tic tac toe game that allows the user to play against a computer.
Drag it down below another view to fix the issue.
Using the function, this problem can be solved like so:
Wouldn't that completely hide activity A as well?
I had a taste and agreed with her assessment.
Peak hours can get pretty packed but the off hours are good for kicking it and catching up with some old friends.
Great section of vegan and non vegan options.
What topped off this meal was the incredible Eggplant Lasagna (Lasagne Aubergine) that I shared with a friend.
The pumpkin ravioli was absolutely delicious although only receiving 5 for the price that was paid was a bit disappointing.
You can also define custom verbs: Register an Application to Handle Arbitrary File Types
i drove out here from chicago before an evening engagement i had.
4 stars because they could use some more staff on hand otherwise I'd give them a 5!
and if possible back from c to javascript.
please guide me how to do real time notication?
If you can't make a good egg roll, well, you probably cant make good Chinese food.
Install the required services on that instance.
Rooms are mixed - some are very small and have interior veiws, others are huge and have views of the river.
Friends and nested classes Ok I'm totally frazzled on this.
I got a Groupon for here for my fiancee and mine's anniversary, and we finally were able to get there a month later.
I also like that I can do an XCopy install.
I've been to this place a couple of times and we've always had good food.
Now that's fresh.\n\nWe want to return sometime for \""turkey day.\"" Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.
There are Playboy magazines scattered around the bar and obscenities and tagging all over the walls.
But to work properly, obviously, I need to know instead when APP_2 is terminated...
2- Check that your connection pool can reconnect lost connections automatically (autoReconnect=true in the jdbc url), your threads might be waiting db io on lost connections.
If you're using Google Chrome, you might also try the tag debugger plugin by
Good value for what you get.
Is there a shortcut way that I can set up fields of an object with javascript or jQuery?
1 ) Process Documents From File 1.1) Tokenization 1.2) Filtering 1.3) Stemming 1.4) N-Gram 2) Validation 2.1) Training (K-NN) 2.2) Apply Model
So much so that when we ordered a second round and requested they drop the orange, it wasn't a problem.
Their sweet and sour calamari is my favorite; the raw tuna tacos were very good, but it's a small portion if you're sharing - only 3 little ones; the Queen City roll was good but has too much rice for me.
Which offers a huge variety of Caribbean food that they prepare fresh daily.
This made a ridiculously expensive restaurant cost about as much as it would cost us on an average night out.
Moreover sometimes there are few fields which use the same heavy function.
If you need more help then post a SSCCE that demonstrates the problem.
"Folder'and "shortcut" are built-ins; the other entries are configured.
Now your items will appear once and the date will be the most recent date.
Just to start off, we were a party of 12, which is always a little difficult.
Construction Junction is an incredible experience!
If you're looking for straight-forward good Thai food then Thai Cuisine is the place to go.
I can't even put into words how good the pies were.
3.If I don't set container's display to 'inline-block', why does the foot part flying to the air?
jstree: how to get the id of undetermined state of node I use the jstree('get_selected',false) to get the selected node of my jstree with checkbox plugins, but the result doesn't include the node with undetermined state .
My wife and I usually go for a double-decker pb&j but sometimes we venture out of our mainstay.
It was a good lunch with beautiful weather, so I'd go back.
I am trying to modify it so that if it sees file it will echo Test to the log file.
When I am starting my app at tomcat following error message appears every 3 seconds at my console: Has somebody an idea what that means?
My husband and I got here a couple times a year.
That's a lot longer than many.\n\nSo we went with Bradham, and have been very happy with the decision.
Joy was the day CLT turned non-smoking!
Furthermore, these functions are (for the most part, if not entirely) the expected functions that should appear on the stack in this case.
You will need to do the printing yourself, as everyone suggested here.
The question is, what's the appropriate to inject the Display object and why?
I have started messenger development 2 days ago.I was able to access localhost from any where over internet by using ngrok give it a try .
I am trying to compute the unique sub-path (which should be part of the MST, not the graph) for any two vertices but I am having trouble finding an efficient way of doing it.
To take a random (pseudorandom, to be accurate) number, you can use function.
I thought the $scope is the same for the whole controller...
I know they are going to quote me a fair price, and the work perform is going to be at a higher level than any other place in town.
At Potomac, a woman sat down with us, had us taste cake with several different fillings (chocolate cream, lemon, raspberry, plain buttercream) and sketched out my idea of how I wanted the cake to look.
This sounds like a homework question....
However in my main program the libm.so will be linked.
You should bring a bottle of red to go with your dinner...
This code will not do what you want.
This means that the copy constructor is called.
The batter was light, crisp, and flavorful.
If I make a simple curve that has a clearly correct lower-resolution version, then I'm not really testing out everything that could go wrong.
I can honestly say there is not a bad seat to watch a game.
The line moves surprisingly fast and the service is great.
I am not aware of any built-in support to make this kind of testing easier, but then again the websocket support is still pretty new.
If it were an output buffer e.g.
\n\nOn my quest to explore Pittsburgh, I stopped by Eons and ended up trying on a few things.
The best part by far is the dessert section which included about 10 additional items.
Edit: it seems that setting to handles the first question.
If it is a webapp they need to log into I would just restrict a user from being logged in more than once at a time.
You can't: floating point numbers aren't exact values, only estimations, by definition.
The customer support person, Lee Blue was really nice - Lee answered my emails morning, noon and night.
in this, it will check first one condition and if it is true then It will check further condition otherwise it will take you out.
So my dad ate it and liked it.
The service has always been friendly (especially in the bar for some reason) and even when things haven't gone perfectly, they have always offered to make it right.
When two objects have the same __array_priority__: And only one object's methods can be used, the tie is resolved by using the first array's/object's methods.
\n\nYeah I know what you are thinking, \""well you are just saying that because it's like your name\"" Wrong.
If you want to run asynchronous process programmatically go for it.
Container view controllers manage other view controllers and have special rules (see: The View Controller Programming Guide , esp.
The salmon with the Caribbean dipping sauce was fantastic, but the veggies he got as a side was just some steamed broccoli and carrots- not very creative!
If you can only order one thing here...this is it!
I had to wait 15 minutes for a table.
\n\nI'm personally in bed by 10.
Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
Cole slaw and fries on top of food that will elicit a chorus \u00e0 la Handel's Messiah from any drunkard worth her salt.
I am using PedningIntent in my Reminder app How do I make a unique request id?
\n\nOver all, Visulite is very cool venue, with a chill crowd and atmosphere that make this more than a worthy venue for any live show or concert.
I am new to using jvectormap.
This means that it's possible to write code that can run before things like filesystems, virtual memory, processes, and anything else but registers and RAM exist.
So best to store these are 3 separate single select lists with varchar or use a time data type in the back end and allow users to use single select list in front end?
They chicken was so juicy and cooked perfectly, with pineapple sauce on top and rice pilaf underneath.
Otherwise, the service is good, the food consistent, and the atmosphere pleasant for a neighborhood pub.
There were only two other families in the restaurant when we were there, both Indian/Pakistani?
Also UI components like Activities, Fragments and View are exposed to a risk of being frequently destroyed and re-created.
(Or loverly if your Eliza Dolittle).
Behind the scenes, though, it’s still just instance per matching lifetime scope.
\n\nAs an appetizer we each had the Scallops, I could have eaten five orders as they were perfectly cooked and beautifully presented.
The user has already selected their desired route, and my app attempts to connect to it for a short period of time until it succeeds (hopefully).
Their honey garlic boneless wings are delicious.
This place is just really perfect in my opinion and I'm just sad I didn't discover it sooner.
Since moving to South Charlotte my wife & I have struggled finding a Mexican Restaurant with great food at a reasonable price.
Send attachment on Custom made SMTP server I am currently working on my own SMTP server and I can successfully send email arounds from various programs and web pages such as Outlook, PHP and Pear Mail.
static struct sigevent sevp; To invoke threadFunction, call this from your signal handler.
But, I'm happy to pay for quality.
Its not working in my case.
I was hoping the code below would work of all images passed to it?
Butter or oil should always be an available option.
If it is a cube, check if its is or .
In my case, if I'm interested in the file from 11:09 Happy hunting.
It's close to work, but down a different road I'd never thought of taking.
They cook it fresh after you place an order.
I would recommend first not threading the UI.
I have had the spaghetti with meat sauce and the ravioli with meat sauce.
Lots of food choices, and they kept it well stocked through the rushes.\n\nWe will stay here again next time in this area and would definitely recommend if you are visiting Madison, WI
You can just hang out and grab a beer or enjoy some food in the back.
So I created a key pair and uploaded the public key to bitbucket.
Incredible experience up here, I would have to say that this goes down as one of my most memorable dining experiences in Pittsburgh for a number of reasons.
Forward data from UDP Socket to HTTP Server Node.js I am looking to create a Web Service from data that is being retrieved via UDP connection and have decided to use Node.js and Socket.IO but, have come up short in that I think this combination does not give me the result I want.
But for historical reasons, we are pretty much stuck with it.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.\n\nI'd also like to give them kudos on their guacamole.
I usually only order the General Tso's or Vegetable Lo Mein (my default Chinese food preferences), so I can't really say much about the rest of the menu, but I did order soup there once and they gave me it in a giant bowl, with a decent amount of noodles.
For a quarter, you can try a bunch of hard-to-find treats.\n\nI'd be remiss if I didn't mention that Mr.
As mentioned in the comments of the answer, option should actually be used for this particular situation (it has been implemented in the meantime).
It implements immutability by checking a flag when you call one of the mutation methods.
\n\nThat said, their food is delicious.
The chairs are right across from the famous piano, and I actually had a relaxing, great time rocking and listening to a volunteer pianist play.
This is coming from someone who has seen several shows in Toronto, which trails only NYC in theatre production in North America.
\n\nThe structure in which the whole thing is held (do we call it a 'house'?) is old (perhaps we could say it generically to be 'victorian') with decor to match.
Steak anything is great, especially the Burrito Tequilla.
And the hot sake was pretty good, even though I don't like sake all that much.\n\nReally my only [minor] complaint was the service.
Talk about true to it's name - this place lives up to it!!
I can't think of a suitable title, any suggestions/edits would be apprecaited.
On the Project menu, choose Project Dependencies .The Project Dependencies dialog box opens.
The second floor is simply filled with books on all sorts of subjects.
That would then be used by minutesAdded() and by militaryClock(), so you don't have to worry in BOTH places about all the conditions for whether it's AM or PM.
So wonderful to work with, and what a tasty dessert!
If you want to extend the range of the scales then you can add columns to your dataset specifying the limits, then draw them with .
Since allocation must be 'Same' so it's also included in condition section of statement.
There are some Drupal "best practices" articles but they don't go much beyond advice such as, "Do a backup before changing anything." I need more useful advice.
Ship your stuff, box your stuff, buy a P.O box, etc.\n\nThe thing that sets it apart is the customer service.
For anyone having the same issue with CocosSharp (the Xamarin C# port of Cocos2D): To convert a CCColor3B to a CCColor4F, you can pass in the CCColor3B as a argument to the constructor of CCColor4F.
Don't reinvent the wheel, building a custom testing software mini empire from scratch.
Our fries were a little cold but the scoop of loaded potato salad was awesome!
I am able to clone my project when I am logged in as that user on the server.
Wide variety on coffee & teas - even cigars.
For $10, how can't it be \""As good as it gets?\""\n\nIf you like pie, also make sure to get a slice.
That explains why your first code doesn't throw .
When I was a kid we got Sicilian-style pizza from his previous location on Washington St.
For the second two, a fancybox popup appears, but it's empty.
How to get image URL property from Wikidata item by API?
Eat before you arrive, arrive early, order your drinks, get cozy in your seats, and enjoy the game!
returns something like and i could not figure out how to treat it like a CartItem object.
Strawberry waffles are next on my list!
Search programmatically adding adding preferences to preference fragment.
You should actually check the error information that makes available: should be replaced by
Try this: Your initial function has been tweaked to act not on the fixed range of "Lxx" but to accept a number as column index.
It's been a while since I've read the print edition, but online keeps me up to date on plenty of stuff around town.
Basically, the ideal cheese for potatoes.
This is, to me, a good case for many-to-many relationship with additional information (location, timedate, and parcel).
The "fold" defined as where you can no longer see / have to scroll.
Regarding expected volume, for a single domain data type, it could be arround 30 new entry per day.
See also: Unrelated to the concrete question, using JSTL in Facelets is definitely possible.
Are you using an older FeinCMS version?
Generally speaking the CRT your Python Installation uses, should be the same CRT you should package.
I sat lower and upper levels and that's not a bad seat on the house.
Thank goodness we don't live in Wisconsin.
This will create a date for all records in your table.
However, it is still in very bad shape.
Everyone without exception was very attentive, friendly, helpful, and generally awesome.
Any help would be much appreciated.
Note that using this configuration, Eclipse will copy (and keep synchronization) the content of web_resources project in my , but this is not a problem (this directory is ignored by the SCM).
Is there a way I can stop a toast message programatically?
The staff at this location is fantastic.
Pretty simple to translate, you just need to get used to the differences between Java and the C# wrappers.
Here's the rendered SQL statement on Pastebin .
When we walked in, I immediately felt under dressed.
I always get the tacos with a jarrito.
I was very happy with all of the food that we had and also loved that the prices were good for the quality of food that they were serving.
It's inexpensive ($2.99, and a whole pie is less than $10) and bursting with fresh, huge berries.\n\nFried zucchini ($5-6) is listed as an appetizer, but is enough for a meal, and comes from a local farm in Butler.
How to show an element in Jquery after 1-2 seconds only if the mouse is still over the element ?
Populateing text field and value field of listbox time from SQL I have a SQL database table that has two columns; 'ID' and 'Names'.
I also attended two games as well.
I've since purchased other blends including the Italian espresso (which I used to make some delicious chocolate covered espresso beans) and the Vienna Roast (which I use for cold brewing).
Ladies and Gents, I can put food away like a champ and I still had leftovers.\n\nMy friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast.
The mac and cheese is amazing and made fresh there.
If you don't want evaluated now, don't include it in the invocation expression!
\n\nthe airport is not to crowded but that could be me since i was there at 8:00 am.
I didn't get to sample the food because we had already eaten but I will def be back.
I couldn't get anything to pass all my tests for CSV Parsing, so I ended up writing something simple to do it.
Why am I writing yet another update with the same rating as the ones before you ask?
I am usually not a huge fan of these, but theirs are pretty decent and sweeter than I remember.
From the C++ Standard ( Working Draft ) , section 5 on binary operators Many binary operators that expect operands of arithmetic or enumeration type cause conversions and yield result types in a similar way.
Food was great, the drinks even better, but the STAFF was the best part.
Hubby and I really enjoyed this place.
It is local and very unique and you will not find anything like it anywhere else.
Great dining experience if you pay the right price!\n\nDare I say this is the best steakhouse in Pittsburgh?
I have my Service dll, I have a service host, but it will not find any services.
Watching planes take off and land while eating the best diner breakfast or lunch in Madison is a huge hit with adults and kids.
The cornbread is perfectly buttery and moist, and the barbeque is seasoned just right and is making my mouth water just thinking about it!
I went to see a musician play who is amazing.
I would definitely recommend Fu's and Jake.
The situation is basically, I'm using EnumProcessModulesEx to enumerate all the modules in a loaded process.
CHCP returns the OEM codepage (OEMCP).
i don't know) that can capture barcode from a barcode scanner while is running in background.
The pistachio cream and nuts were a great touch for the mousse, but the pistachio crepe had an awkward, rubbery taste to it.\n\nDrinks: The management and staff have differing opinions on weather or not you can bring a drink (from the bar) to your table.
Let me start off by saying that I am unfamiliar with German food.
This is extremely satisfying slow cooked wood fire BBQ.
The organization buys the cars and the other company cars came from other dealers.
then go to phpmyadmin 1 click on phpmyadmin .
I was there for lunch, and the waitress essentially disappeared.
Actually this is one of my favorite airports.
So if you want a company to respect that you'll have to leave the state.
Great job on the remodeling, folks!
French Fries were offered with this sandwich though I substituted the delicious \""Home Fries\"" cooked with bits of Bacon...5 yelp stars Yum!
As a treat, the restaurant threw in two little servings of mango ice cream.
I'm a huge eggs benedict fan and this was very good.
It is like walking into a little piece of history, I could see the upper crusts socializing in here back in the day.
I didn't know what to expect from The Soup Factory, but I liked what I found!
I went with the standard pineapple curry as i always do the first time at a thai place.
So my question is is there a pattern I can use to match both the shortcodes?
The ladies doing our pedicures were super nice and friendly.
You could check if pasting the text is faster: Edit: As the textbox isn't a textbox after all, but a richtextbox, the Paste method works differently.
Does this mean the instance giving the warning somehow found out that instance has left, and the master hasn't yet found out and sends the address of to , causing this warning?
Every time I think I understand promises, I prove myself wrong!
But the data is computed based on a csv file a user of the application uploaded.
Good selection, well organized, friendly staff!
\n\nHowever, we have have been back to Latta many times for her to compete in dressage shows and have also come back for trail rides.
Anything you schedule with happens after the current cycle of the event loop — after the browser finishes what it’s doing right now .
She presented the wine flawlessly and presented a hand written note for her.
Instead of doing all of that work, I just wish the Green Lantern would move into my backyard.\n\nI HATE bars where I feel like I have to do a lot of work just to try to have a good time.
Despite how crowded it was the service was excellent and I very much enjoyed my HUGE breakfast burger.
Needed to make sure SQL Server data volumes were attached before starting the machine, otherwise the database would show as being in a pending recovery state.
They are so fluffy and moist and complimented their super crispy bacon.
I have created around 12 Crystal reports and I am facing the same problem in all of them.
For example,a string that begins with a notation from Right-to-left writting language is RightToLeft .
Weeknights are better than weekends, when all of uptown is kind of a mess, but it's a safe spot for a good night out regardless of the crowd.
Here's how a timezone-aware object looks like: And here's a native object: So if you are passing email date anywhere (and it eventually gets to some model), just use Django's .
Our service was fast, friendly, and it was overall a great experience.
This was my favorite part of the meal.
According to the menu we brought home, they peel about one ton of potatoes a week.
I find that this is relatively slow.
For example, if they are looking at current week, we want to show the most recent value that is not 0.
How am I supposed to differentiate a bug from a feature?
They had a fire recently which closed the place down.
You don't tell us why you want to change the function signature for , in what appears to be an arbitrary and capricious fashion, so that it is no longer a valid type, guaranteeing that the program will fail to even compile.
The batter wasn't too oily and you could taste the flakey cod.
So therefore I have set the heights of the body, container_wrappper and side menu to 100% to begin with instead of changing that after receiving a positive response to checking if overflow: scroll is supported...
compares if they refer to the same object, and the result of isn't in this case, and the method on string compares that the values are the same.
I have nothing but good things to say.
Daily specials are a bargain and my own personal recommendation...the Reuben and the turkey Rachel are out of this world!
The 22 is the most used bus which will take you anywhere on campus that is in the most traveled area...Green St., the Quad, ect.
The body of the lambda expression is instead copied into a method inside of the class.
The connecting space between terminals is lined with live trees and an abundance of white rocking chairs (and the occasional live piano music).
Most may find it expensive, however, for $99 two people were able to share a bottle of wine, share a desert, and we both had an entree that provided leftovers for the next day.
I then used grouping to keep "Foo" objects together.
\n\nYou know, I must give you props for the restaurant's layout.
Based on answer 1 I changed code to this: Still gets the error on the last line when echoing out the variable
The real issue, in my opinion, is support for XML within JavaScript.
Don't expect to get stuffed, or else you will be spending beaucoup bucks.
Combined with the dated decor, we weren't sure that we had made the right decision.
I need to take data from an instrument and live 2D plot them.
This made sense, we appreciated it.\n\nThereafter, we did the endless pasta for 9 bucks and the soup/salads.
Big kids Too!\n\nGreat place to pick up items and get assistance.
The isn't working, it's causing a : "Query specified join fetching, but the owner of the fetched association was not present".
Go through the documentation, it will not take much time to learn.
We ordered the BBQ Nachos, and they were amazzzing with multiple z's!
Coupled with the addition of Sriracha chile sauce and Hoisin sauce they include on the side is amazing.
The free valet parking is a great perk too.
Is it not possible to use ahah and events on form types of 'markup'?
Nate decided that he was going to have a Mai Tai, and it came in a disturbing Fu-Manchu mug complete with exaggerated Asian features.
They also often have good deals on prices, affinity groups, and more.
The staff is great and the prices are reasonable, too.
Generate two object files from the same source file in scons Does scons allow to rename the result of Object('foo.cpp') along the lines of so that I can create two different object files from the same source file but different environments?
Currently I'm setting the HTML that I get from AT commands, through the QWebView's setHTML() function.
Just move the continental gate closer please!!!!
I am creating my own blog from scratch.
\n\nI suggest giving Sam Bok a shot, it's unique, local and always inviting.
I cant get rid of all commas because I need them to separate the data.
The crew on the trains were always very pleasant and eager to please.
Coupon, save, and pinch your pennies, because the 1% style of shopping will cost you a few more bucks than your average shopping experience.\n\nLet me tell you though, I'll be going back.
It automatically loads the content wich can be assigned to .
Try to make more memory-efficient queries with large data.
The decor is simple but spacious and the service is really good and fast.
You can open the file feat.params in model folder and look for parameter.
So they definitely earned some goodwill back with that.\n\nIt helps that the food hasn't let me down yet - it always comes out cooked well and seasoned well, and I always enjoy every bite.
If not, and you don't want to be opening and closing literal tags, declare all the variables you need outside the literal section ie:
The character array contains executable code and the cast is a function cast.
\n\nThe baggage claim area has a good system going as long as you familiarize yourself with the zones.
Maybe there's something wrong with the javascript?
My problem is at the last step.
With DNN6, they are making the rendering of lots of elements cleaner and more semantic.
Here you select "Use ReSharper (Ultimate) command" and make sure to check the box "Apply to all ReSharper (Ultimate) shortscuts".
Oh, and it's almost never too busy on the weekend.
Absolutely Amazing Birthday Dinner with Suzanne!!
Excellent taste and portions absolutely nothing to complain about even the price was reasonable.
It is friendly, simple, and delicious!
Trying to create a data.frame like this: But the name of the column is , not : The column can be renamed after creating data.frame, but how to easily assign it's name by a variable just in the same data.frame command?
What I ask might be a bit hard to articulate.
starting/base address should be preserved, should not be incremented or decremented.
I was wondering whether it is possible to use Maven2 to automatically configure a Glassfish 2.1 with JNDI Resources, Datasources and Mail-Sessions for my integration tests.
On each visit, they mix these up.
All around great service at a reasonable price.
Rest assured, they were anything but.
Using MDX, I need to show a "Closing" stock amount which is basically the last value for the period being shown.
I wouldn't say it's the most authentic, but then again, it's delicious and cheap!
I was wondering if there is a way to do this which takes up less memory.
If it wasn't for these scrumptious staples of breakfast I would never know why it was worth waiting 30 minutes for a table.
I have a common navigation bar that resides in the "Layout", before then ng-view div.
Reflection is slow and should be avoided where possible.
If I lived in the area I would definitely be a regular.\n\n[On the Second Day of Christmas my true love gave to me...
I have got to say that after going, I am defitiley a fan.
This is in part due to proximity, but the relationship is on no small part sustained through friendly staff and consistent dining experiences.\n\nThai Cuisine is -- as my wife and I like to put it --\u00a0a rainy-Sunday-evening type place.
I go there with my girlfriend to eat steak and crepes.
Most of your product subfolders have the 28 character id format.
Whoops - 6 time Super Bowl Champs!
This also happens if I open an app, which stays installed after the last test and test its ability to keep data.
Second way is used for assignment of values to already created objects, which can be less efficient (especially for complex objects)
How can Interface broadcast notifications received from SDK to all the available activities (is Broadcast Receiver mechanism ok for this?)?
In magento admin in Select category and choose preffered store view.
i should to view the Json objects in Expandable List View and i have a lot of theme so i must have a scroller too !
Assuming you are under control of the content that you display in that , you should set the right viewport for it.
For example the XEP-0045 MUC component of a XMPP service.
I want to use multiple fusion charts in a single page.
They are respectful, cheerful and expert.
There is a site that is trying to do something very similar to what you have described.
\n \nAlmost immediately after we sat down the owner asked us if we were ready to order.
Staff was nice and my sammich was good, so really can't complain here.
That app runs in another process.
Is it a good idea or is there better ways?
Rental cars (and free loaners when available) are also an option.\n\nMy experience was positive and I will go again should I have more car issues.
I'd previously had the kettle chips/dip, which were just that, chips/dip, nothing fancy and the fried pickles which weren't my favorite...
There is nothing like combining like and in with the result of a subquery.
This is a great little neighborhood market with a terrific friendly atmosphere.
And I save it for the final sayonara spoonfuls.
It would be of great help if I can see when it fails.
You can probably get an OpenGL 3.x desktop for a couple hundred dollars, or if you want to save the money, ask to use a friend's computer for some quick testing.
The service was ok, not really over excited to serve but I imagine that's because this place gets really packed so they stick to the business at hand.
It may take some time due to the time zone differences with Beijing.” when they were asked about it.
Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
If there is something you want that they don't have just ask, they'll be happy to order it for you.
Best thing about salon is the location on the third floor.
Symfony2 $request->request is emtpy I have a page with two forms that can be submitted separately.
The "try Swift" page you're using is for Swift , not Swift .
Here is a screen shot of the issue as well as my HTML and CSS.
I need to join the two following tables: trans transunit They are joined by the accountID field which is in both tables, I also want the clientID which is in the trans table.
The parking lot was full, so I gather there were many people already using the facility.
\n\nBTW the lunches are cheap, $6.95 for lasagna, ravioli etc.
If you want cheap, gringo-esque Mexican food served by friendly folks, Don Pedros is your place.\n\nFirst, they serve freshly fried tortilla chips with homemade salsa (lots of cilantro).
Also using enums in the route doesn't seem to be the perfect choice.
UPDATE 1 I think I found the issue with the METHOD:PUBLISH airline booking example I was experimenting with - it was for a past date.
Once the data loads and it all looks good, if you scroll down and then scroll back up, you will see a couple of the cells are now not laid out correctly.
For the price I felt the food could have been better.
The buses are always clean, there's hardly ever smelly homeless people on there.
I like them so much I just do it up big and get a burrito.
You can use any of the packaging software to package the necessary DLLs and your software and distribute it.
Is that a bug of java mac version?
Ordering from the menu or getting the pizza/salad bar, you really can't go wrong!
They can only be accessed in their scope and will only exist in that scope.
Our Tomcat 6 Server is reporting quite a few ClientAbortException errors, which I believe is down to say a user navigating away from the page before its fully loaded.
I am using the Yahoo Placemaker API and would like to send a request but I am getting confused as to how to send the request.
Every time I go, I take an order with me.
For instance, Firefox stores this in its own SQLite database.
And be nice if they charge you a little more.
It isn't Chicago and it isn't the suburbs.
We were hosting the upcoming fountain pen meeting and bought a great variety of meats and cheeses.
How to wait broadcast results with akka-stream?
Most of the people that work there are actually from Ireland or another country such as Australia.
After toughing it out for about a week, I couldn't stand it any longer and started calling every oral surgeon in the Charlotte area to see who could take me within 24 hours.
I don't stray from my favorites dishes below, so I can't speak beyond what I will post.
CallumD's solution worked for me, and seemed the most consistent with the techniques recommended in the rest of Michael Hartl's tutorial.
Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp, pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.
As we pushed open the door- we were greeted by Robin who quickly seated us, took note of my lack of accent and asked where I was from, and got us going with some great cornbread and butter as we sipped our beers and looked over the menu.
To solve your issue without promises, you'd have to implement a counter and keep track of when all the async operations are done: This code looks like it missing error handling since most async operations have a possibility of errors and can return an error code.
I have this in a view or depending on if I put in a helper or the model.
They allow you to setup your own, very little part of Google, which AFAIK can be connected to Android device (you just have to create an Google account with your domain after username, I suppose), but everything's still hosted on Google servers and Android still talks to Google host.
When you are totally sure about what to present in your , start appending to it by running through your and putting each substring into your final .
This is one of my boyfriends favorite Bars so we will surely be back.
I think the handlers are mixing up the timings/sequence of execution?
I've been to Ullrich's twice and both times received excellent service.\n\n My first time at Ullrich's was to have the end caps of my heels replaced (for a second time).
Great place to meet a friend for lunch.
You get an ass load of food here for what you pay for.
I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.
but i had to box up most of my pad thai...
Use File System Tasks: Create a variable called RmtArchPath (string) Set its value with the expression: "\\\\Remote_folder\\" + (DT_WSTR,4)YEAR(GETDATE()) + "-" + RIGHT("0" + (DT_WSTR,2)MONTH(GETDATE()), 2) + "-" + RIGHT("0" + (DT_WSTR,2)DAY( GETDATE()), 2) + "\\" Create a file system task.
You should have a working copy of scipy when you get back.
The creamed spinach was smooth, sophisticated and rich.
Signage better than most airports (especially liked the map of restaurants/shops/amenities.) And thumbs up for the trio of trash cans for recycling!\n\nSeems to me like CLT took a few cues from Eurpoean airports.\n\nEasy connection to light rail system (which I also liked) and very good wayfinding signage overall.\n\nCLT, you almost had 5 stars:\n\nMinus 1 star for Wifi not working in the main center shopping/eating area AND for having all your shops and restaurants close at either 8 or 9 PM!!!!
Because a is immutable, you cannot simply replace its characters with others dynamically.
Of course the protocol methods are like and other method and they can be passed parameters which what you need to do to pass data back which was your question in the first place.
ActiveRecord Claims No Adaptor Specified When I try to run the following, I get an error back from ActiveRecord stating that the connector hasn't been found.
When one of us runs app on device, xcode offers to fix a certificate issue.
Otherwise, you will get a parser error.
Since you have 4 columns including the primary key column, you have to provide data for all four columns.
\n\nBefore moving here, I heard all sorts of trash talk about Port Authority, but really, it's a decent transit system.
They have countless options and their menu is large, seeing that it spreads across half the damn store.\n\nI am a fan of their authentic Chinese food, but their non-traditional Chinese food is even better and this is the only place in Urbana-Champaign that reminds me of Chinese restaurants in Chicago.
split python string on multiple string delimiters efficiently Suppose I have a string such as and I want to split it on , and such that the output looks something like this: What is the most efficient way to do it?
Does Realm have the capability to update via primary id?
Overall the food is simple and well prepared.
If this restaurant were in the middle of downtown, it would be %100 packed, %100 of the time!\nThank goodness it isn't, because I have never had to wait for a table.\nOrder the German roll (weird, I know, but it's GREAT), the Terayaki Mushrooms, the Gyoza, and the Nigiri...
Second, its a drive-in, so you'll have to pull up and order through an intercom or walk inside and order.
One could also say that is used to query the features of this particular entity, while is used to query for "sub-components" of that entity, which itself are usually be queried with for their features.
Men's Haircuts cost $16 and usually take 30 minutes.
Then in PHP just access the form variable name like you normally would and loop through the values and sum them.
I come from an Italian family - we dip everything into everything - bread into sauce, cookies into coffee, bread into coffee, etc.
There is a small bar area and dining area is 4-seat tables and booths along the wall.
Enjoy!\n\nps\nA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.\npps\nAlways look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
It may already have been terminated I am trying to map a distributed file system (DFS) from a remote machine using net use $drive_letter $target $password /user:domain\username If I do this by logging to the machine there is no error, however if I try this remotely I get System error 1312 has occurred.
Welcome to the wonderful world of loose typing.
how to highlight the searched text in textbox using javascript?
You're using a character that falls outside the normal ASCII range of ordinals 0 -> 255.
I have a new hangout when I feel the need to get out of the house and away from the office.
You can use the for logical and and for logical or ( see here ).
I asked if he had a towel I could wrap it up in for the trip home.
Both are decent source code editors with ruby support.
The airport is clean and efficient.
Come with a group and we are located in various places around the US so we are comparing it to what we like in our respective cities.
but when u used the packages .
We did manage to score some free chicken wings by texting Lot 17 using a sign on our booth once.
If you have hair, get your booty to Modern.
I have been going here for 20 years .
the Italian beef sandwich and hot wings are just as tasty when you take them to go.
So if you like Maize, definitely give El Charro a chance!
I should point out that all of these console logs do pass what they should.
The only thing I didn't care for was the $14.50 for the sandwich, can of soda, and bag of chips.
The ravioli was good, although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.
\n\nMy only complaint about this place was that the naan wasn't in a basket with a napkin to keep it warm...it was just plopped on a plate and got cold quickly.
The lamb was moist and flavorful.
Gerson, but I know that others, particularly dog parents, really appreciate his expertise.\n\nWe were really disappointed to leave this place behind when we moved away from Pittsburgh.
We are in your debt sir!
In other words, if an action is repeated within a visit, the unique event count is not incremented, but otherwise it is.
Everything works fine in Chrome (43.0.2357.124) regardless of the connection (online/offline).
From the "Core Data Programming Guide": ...
\n\nThe online services they offer are amazing.
What is the syntax for merging a range of cells using this cell-address type?
I was surprised how much I liked this place.
For whatever reason it skips the selection of ROI 4 and deletes the already selected 3 and 4.
Hence, you can use it as so to always save changes:
I'm assuming this would need to be done with javascript but if there is a way to do it with PHP I'd rather do it that way.
If what you mean is to run the html in a browser inside the app that LOOKS LIKE Safari, you can use a UIWebView and call You can create your file URL like this: But like everyone else says, you can't access an app's file from any other app (without jailbreaking).
As I understand it, this should allow MP to run even if runAllManagedModulesForAllRequests is set to false.
ensimeConfig creates directories java and scala-2.11, which I don't need When I run , it creates directories such as which I don't need, since I have my sources always inside How can I avoid such behaviour?
Try this: The answers up to know helped me, but I don't think that the question is fully answered.
The goat cheese, spinach & sun-dried tomato filling was surprisingly light, even after dredging it through the brown gravy and sour cream.\n\nFor our entree, my other half ordered the Hausgemachte Maultaschen \""geschmelzt\"", pasta filled with meat and spinach, lightly dressed with sauteed onions and beef broth.
Can anyone advise: 1) How to resolve the command, to actually export the container or 2) How to restore or attach the ENV/CMD metadata (..the dockerfile?) to a exported/imported image?
To my surprise, the room was completely updated; modern, sparkling clean, with a giant poofy bed and comforter.
Yes I am a fan and yes I am Shadyside yuppie.
Panoramic views of the city, river, bridges and two stadiums.
I searched the net about this and i came across a post in which somebody used PEDUMP to see what DLL's did the program need, i used that and the simple Hello World just needs the Kernel32.dll(which obviously is located in the system32) and the libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll which i believe is of the MinGw compiler.
The show was wonderful with amazing cherography by John McFall and Lauri Stallings of Atlanta Ballet.
\n\nHighly suggest checking this place out if you haven't yet.
Is my best option to use WebClient like so: ...or, as shown at I can use the webGet class from the HTML Agility Pack: Does anybody have any supportable opinions on which option is the best?
Connecting to MongoDB Replica Set behind a Load Balancer I am a little confused on how MongoDB handles replica sets.
This causes a stack overflow in because the default stack size is too small to support this level of dependencies.
Then just do: src\tools\gyp\gyp.bat src\client\windows\breakpad_client.gyp This will generate visual studio sln files for you.
Most apartments have recently been renovated.
Talk about speaking my love language!
If I were you I would do something similar to how UITableView is done, i.e.
This place seems different to me.
So, that's definitely next on my list!
When I generate a new project with Angular CLI ( ) using , the following structure is created (with trimmed): The area seems reasonable but what about files?
The way this works, is that we create an order and create the stops.
Tasktracker logs when i try to view logs of tasktracker i am facing below error...
It's worth it, though.\n\nThe menu here is huge, and the portions match.
Having this array generated, the rest of work for what I'm trying to devolop is trivial.
I finally popped my Melting Pot cherry this week.
I was wondering what the fuss was about, and when I took my first bite, it all made sense.
I have created a component instance, drawn it onto the screen, and added it to an ArrayList.
(Base 10) (I am not allowed to use square roots) Before asking, no, this isn't homework.
(And why doesn't it occur in other classes?) I'm trying to write a some container classes for implementing primary data structures in C++.
The types of events are things like training courses (e.g.
The food is good for the price level, and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.
Coming to the saucer is like hanging out with friends.\n\nOne last word of advice - if you're serious about your beer exploration, sign up for the UFO club.
Salad is fresh with a very nice balsamic vinagrette.
There are three things that a user can do on the site that is causing me some concern.
There were 4 HUGE, delicious scallops and a ton of lump crab.
The other way is to configure this through project properties dialog inside Visual Studio:
haben nicht wirklich viel vom Flughafen gesehen, da wir dort lediglich zwei Mal umgestiegen sind.
Drive very defensively and always given certain drivers the right of way.\n\n2 - Like their Facebook page for insight on demos and events.
I don't know why that surprised me as much as it did, but it was pretty cool...
However, the workflow does not control access to the list data.
I know it won't make a difference in final application, but it is making it hard for me to design and visualize things.
Link in popup window does not close the window?
SEWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.......\n\nI grew up coming to this Farm and Fleet.
Use double quotes to allow bash to perform variable substitution.
In this model, when show() is called, I fetch the data from a rest api, and I parse out an array of banners that need to be shown in a list view.
3 libraries, each about 100KB, what binary size should I expect after compiling and linking?
JQuery not working after null ajax responce I have Jquery code And have PHP code If Ajax return some text with errors (res != null) - Jquery work normally.
When you are worried about the backward compatibility, from advance to the older iOS, the best way is to learn about the difference.
I've gotten to the point where I'm comfortable writing methods for my custom listener, and I want to be able to pretty-print the comments as well.
Parsing URL jQuery AJAX form Basically i'm trying to send a video along with other info through jQuery to PHP to be written to a txt file to be read later.
\n\nSpeaking of servers, the service is almost always spot on, which makes the experiences that much better.
Order was up in the less than two minutes and was a quick transaction.
I went to a convention here at the end of June and loved the setting.
I am using $.ajax to send a SQL query to my web server.
I have not come across one I didn't like to this day.\n\nThe Saucer has an adequate number of TV's, darts, couches, and video games.
I am currently investigating using the selenium-on-rails plug-in for testing an upcoming web app that we are developing.
So delicious and it all came out of the kitchen pretty quickly.\n\nI love reading their menu.
Framed albums on the wall that I use as my iTunes shopping list.
This works just fine, not a problem.....
I have to give huge kudos to the staff there.
The dining room is dark and definitely original interior, loved that too!
You can write or The first approach is good for layout files where your relative path might be changing when you have different length routing urls.
I need to know the height of the banner to be able to work out where at the bottom it's y coordinate should be, but I don't see how you do that if it's a smart (dynamically) sized banner?
Google map does not load when load inline content using jquery load I have an issue with google map.
They also do beer and wine tastings, so check their site for details.
There is UpdatePanel but it sends too much data.
For example in the inner-most loop, you could just write “swap value1 and value2” .
My problem is with an async server where the listening socket is different from the connecting socket.
\n\nThis place pays a lot of attention to detail and it shows.
I'd suggest to use capturing phase instead (which jQuery doesn't support) to avoid any propagation event stopped in some way.
Here is my code : I just want to print 1 how to do this.
If you just need the time part of your object and you can't use Java 8 and don't want to use any third party framework, then use :
I went in to repair a bracelet I purchased over a year ago and I found myself lusting over case after case of jewelry.\n\nJared's offers great customer service.
Get a yummy sandwich or salad, and then make your way into Heroes for a few minutes of geeky fun.
I guess around twelve yrs old we threw in the forty mph range.
Python XML comparison I have 2 files each with a list of items which all have 3 properties.
Great food, great people, quick to order and lots of fun.
I was able to \n(discreetly) bring it on to my connecting flight with me.
My wife grew up in the Urbana-area.
Recommended as a good date night place by a coworker.
How can I read multiple cookies with Perl's CGI.pm?
My Favorite is the birch beer float.
Terraform supports a bunch of providers but the vast majority of them are public cloud based.
He is absolutely wonderful with the animals and treats them with as much care and compassion as if they were his own.
Prior to this visit , I was a Longhorn virgin.
The people here are pretty helpful.
I finally found a solution so I thought I'd share.
This is the structure of the table named: daily_visit_expenses having data like this:: now what i want the output is the combination of these three queries in a single column (any name), the queries are: I want to get the output from a single query which is the combination of above three queries in a single column like which is .
Mashed taters were good.\n\nFriend had filet (7oz.) again, tender,cooked the way requested, good.
It fit tighter and my dress remained comfortable all night.
But make sure they add some cracked pepper for more flavor!
The wait staff was very attentive, if slightly impersonal, as well.
\nLike I said though, there is better.
It turns out their picture was wrong and I got the wrong blade.
On my page I was using jQuery 1.6.4 from the Google CDN.
Dinner Apr 17\n Stumbled upon this place and glad I did.
Add a coke and its like $10.00-$13.00 for two people.
I have a set of rails view helpers that I use regularly, and would like to package them up into a gem, such that I could just put a line in my Gemfile, and have the helpers accessible from my views.
You'll need the client-side library to connect to the server.
It returns: Which I believe is your desired outcome.
We even sent my chocolates from Hawaii to thank him.
We were led up to the top level and settled in.
Then I tried to install the DeviceAgent-Runner.app manualy Which gave me at least some more info, as it said it is related to code singing.
Came to Chet's because of the good reviews it got on Yelp!
Not to mention, they have little concession stands set up that serve up some delicious food that will keep you satisfied.
Others have already told you that what you've asked for isn't possible, as HTML attributes must be plain text, not more HTML.
Great place to study ( at least for me) as there was always enough noise to keep my mind from wandering - but little enough noise so that I could concentrate.\n\nNever eat here before a test.
Normally I wouldn't even think about walking into a hot dog joint, then I reviewed the menu via yelp.
Lovely stay, but the downside of leaving on Sunday morning is the lack of luggage carts and more than two people can lug by themselves.
I have a dropdown list of games, and depending on which game you select, it should show a list of things I need to do for that game.
when i want to data with a length of 5000, is there any possibility the sendmsg api just sent out 3000 or just return -1 with a errno EMSGSIZE?
One way to think about it is the file as what you share with everyone, and the file as what you keep to yourself.
Is there any sample app where ptz controllers can be demonstrated like Tilt top,left,right,bottom in a image.
Dynamic Datasets and SQLAlchemy I am refactoring some old SQLite3 SQL statements in Python into SQLAlchemy.
Unless there is a way to access that particular object, you can't have another that references the same memory.
Avoid the cupcakes - they are dry.
The later in the evening you go, the busier the dining room.
I don't think this is the best way to go about organizing the code, but it piqued my curiosity - how is it that I can access functions contained in file2.cpp from main.cpp, despite the fact that only file1.h is included in main.cpp?
That's not the case at Jon's.
However, it strikes me that your knowledge of Java must be close to zero.
A variation of this is the DTO suffix which means Data Transfer Object .
Obviously, this cannot be done easily, but it is the only way to get rid of files.
Now before you jump on me about all the awesome places with great healthy food, let me say that we had my 1 year old along for the trip and most restaurants don't particularly appreciate shrieking kids.
A UDH is 5 octets long, meaning if I want to send concatenated SMS I would only have 135 octet characters for my message data.
Everything before goes at the beginning of the buffer.
She made the experience that began negatively a whole lot better.
The first will loop through all the names in file2 And the second will loop through all the values in the (second) array (this essentially loops over all the fields in file1).
Only thing common is the words or texts above the highlighted cells as range of cells changes as per workbooks.
In this case, the animation is not that important as the memory consumption and overall performance.
The friendly, knowledgeable staff makes getting your car's booboo fixed as painless as possible.
Here is a link to those questions: In addition to this, here's some info I found on IBM's site : To compile and run WebSphere MQ classes for JMS applications, use the CLASSPATH setting for your platform as shown in Table 1.
Very well seasoned and the service was great from the phone call to the delivery...
I've dabbled a bit with html, css, php, javascript and java but are any of these capable or suitable?
So my question is: Is it possible to create a QuerySet that looks like the first example and how do I do it?
This is my second visit to Mert's (the first time Yelp wouldn't let me be great and check in).
He even went above & beyond recommended an excellent wine pairing to the dish.
(I'm on Rails 3.2 and Postgres 9.2) Addendum Thank you to brad and Philip Hallstrom for two solutions to this.
Review the HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Drivers32 registry key, that's where ACM drivers are registered.
Concourse E is home to US Airways Express.
Our options were mostly limited to delivery, room service, and to go in the general vicinity of the Hilton Tower since we didn't have a car either...\n\n*Anyway*, back to Fujo...
Then, in your activity: Then go to manifest.xml and set What will happen, is when soft keyboard is shown, it'll hide the image and will resize the rest of content.
the dumpling/pot stickers are the way to start ..
Lots of great stuff on tap and a huge bottle room.
I'm still not sure why it wasn't an issue for IE, but was for chrome.
I've only transferred through here so cannot speak of the security and checkin services.
Again, seemed a little steep, but the dryers were very efficient -- I think it took only about 15 minutes (on low heat, no less) to dry my bulky items.\n\nThey had well-stocked change machines and a nice little lounge to wait in.
\n\nThe band, Sophistafunk can be described as just that - sophisticated funk music.
On the other hand, it's still a college bar.
The servers even brought out ice water for my dog!
Can I use the OR operator or AND operator between two if..else statement?
I need to go back and try the Bun.
Has a diner feel with good Motown and soul music.
But now the parameter is a raw type and thus the compiler cannot validate the generic type of the provided Comparator.
Please guide me through this..Thanks in advance.
My question is how to get remain time until app become frozen by system?
Synchronize threads to the WEBrick server start I am trying to start a small WEBrick server to mock a real API, to test a Ruby http client I am developing.
even if condition do not satisfy...
Not only was the dining room very elegant and classy, but the staff were professional too.
Three.js: vertexNormals of CircleGeometry looks inverse on r57 VertexNormals of CircleGeometry looks inverse.
Omelette station, German and American breakfast and lunch foods, and lots and lots of beautiful, delicious, and decadent desserts.
UDP checksums are enabled by default on all modern operating systems.
EDIT: This is part of the xml and the xsd And this is part of the xml
The fact that the referenced variables are unique for each block instance and rendered at runtime makes it impossible/hard to split the js out.
Nothing extravagant here, especially for 11$.
I half expected the Marlboro man to ride up on his faithful steed hollerin, \""Yeeeeeehaaaaawwwwww!!\"" It's a huge venue that opens up into a few separate areas and has a large stage that has famous acts and their own house band jamming away.
The sauce, goodness the sauce, it's bright and delectably simple.
They even let you make your own six packs and walk off with them.
I always think if the mailman eats there, you know it's good!
i was expecting Entity Framework to fail the insert and throw an error about / not having a value.
the third one is not doing anything to the button as well, so i recommend that you delete all of them if you were thinking about configuring the button
A quick workaround is to set the following in your deploy.rb file: This will cause the checkout to occur on your own machine and then be copied to the deployment server.
It simply appends to the list instead of directly stating an index point.
This review is for the buffet at Whole Foods.
The binary representation of -20, as a byte is: 1110_1100 1110_1100 &amp; 1111_1111 = 1110_1100 If you want unsigned, there's char to play with, but you're not going to be happy.
The canonical way is to create an IBAction and hook it up to the touchUpInside event in InterfaceBuilder.app.
Def a place everyone should try.
I usually get a chicken salad sandwich - so good - but today I tried the black bean burger and it was really good.
One other thing to check, crack open the .edmx file in the xml editor and see if you have a line like this that relates to the entity in question:
The service was good and our waitress was very knowledgeable.
I have recently started working through O'Reilly's "Head First" books on PHP, and this is one of their exercises - the code may look familiar to some of you.
I have been coming here for 20 years and reviewing someplace poorly because of a bad joke you heard is very ignorant.
The first client side row is comming from HTML but there you didn't put any index (name="name" instead of name="name_0").
I assume that by *ply you mean the family (apply, sapply, lapply, tapply, etc.).
The mac and cheese has a variety of 3 different sausages sliced: knackwurst, bratwurst, and Weisswurst.
It makes me sad that it has taken me four years of tasting quite mediocre pizza before finding this gem.
The format and location of the file is described in WebSphere MQ client configuration file .
\nIf you've never sat by the grill, you should, just to see them in action.
My last try used a modified version of a redirect I used to redirect files and folders around and that worked pretty nicely and also removed the query, but it ended up in a redirection error.
The chicken wings were big and fried crispy, the greens were very tasty as was the mac-n-cheese.
In the documentation, there is nowhere mentioned that it's possible to launch a Simulation directly from an Object's main method.
bootply.com/kmhAN31yEn OS X 10.11.1, Chrome 47.0.2526.73 (64-bit)
The first useful clue is the result of running both commands in the REPL: So itself returns a method, that you can then call.
UPDATE: After I edit the htaccess file to make it look like this: ` RewriteEngine On , it gave me another 403 error (which isn't the default Firefox error) and it simply says "Directory access is forbidden".
When I run this, I get back: I've read other posts with similar issues, and tried a variety of solutions but the fixes that they use don't seem to do anything for me.
maybe this can help, i am using EasyPhp(instead of XAMPP) and zend's auto generated .htaccess and i have this in apache and this is what the directory look like
It's not on the menu currently but even the Fried Green Tomatoes were awesome!
And the icing on the cake?
The whole dish I think was $15.
It includes a clever command line invocation that lists dependencies in a project via "mvn dependency" and extracts the lines with conflicts.
User B should be able to login and add and retrieve data that only he/she can see.
The tool "uchardet" does this well using character frequency distribution models for each charset.
Only strange thing was the 2 story lounge/bar area and the TV's in odd locations.
Starting from a file 'test.txt' containing the following: After running the following command (in bash): the output is ' ' However, when I introduce a variable containing the replacement string, the output is ' '.
\n\nThey were very fast at moving air traffic as soon as the runway was cleared and we were able to take off about 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time (after being delayed by 30 minutes).
A crunchy coating on top with soft potatoes and onions underneath.
Using Solr instead of Lucene gives you the additional capabilities of Solr such as Replication, Sharding, Result clustering through Carrot2, Use of custom Analyzers/Stemmers etc.
However, there are still two common calling conventions for 64-bit code on Windows.
Is there any other way to fix this?
The crowd seemed to have doubled by the time my party and I left.
Games made with my library typically run on static file servers (i.e.
They have a good selection of organic and whole foods that don't break the bank, but the real draw is their selection of bulk foods.
Regarding quality of beverage, this is just your average Starbucks.
The interior could use some sprucing, but, all in all, it was good Italian food.
callback for each row created while drawing the table: check out the fiddle i just created :
with shell script would detect if the version is 5 or 6 Linux with IF if possible to execute a block of installation.
the source of the statements is a simple map.
And I searched for some kind of list of browsers that show this warning but there is no finite list that I can find.
We were so happy we finally made it home to try the best oysters available in town.
For these cases you can create the URL with
The address on Yelp is their old address.
But you said you can't change those, so using to convert them at request time is probably your best second option.
We rotate our coffee purchases between here and La Prima.
I don't know if we just hit them on a good day, but everything was just about perfect for us.\n\nThe calamari with fried grapes and olives was super.
If you don't want that, don't let tcl do the conversion, but be wary that you give up the exact string representation: *lossless only as of Tcl8.5
This expresssion is already invalid and results in undefined behaviour.
Drupal : How to remove the and tag from content when using syntaxhighlighter Used Version 7.14 I am using syntaxhighlighter for my website.
Also, she never came back to check and see if we needed anything, and brought us the bill without asking us if we wanted dessert-which we did.
They do have a dress code but I understand that they are lenient.
It took us a little while after we were seated for them to get our drink order and there were a few other times when we were looking for a server but couldn't find one.
Check if ./configure doesn't yell about something missing when checking for openssl librairies.
I also had the a Stir fry with a noodle and I cant remember what its called but they were delicious!
\n\nThe music is going to blow your ears up, if you care about that, don't come.
you can use to convert the string to an array using a delimeter.
Mimosa Grill, when you find it behind the vibrant inner city party scene of Charlotte is one of my favorite New Southern Cuisine spots with impeccable service, creatively presented fresh seafood and a yuppy vibe that feels good.
Loads bigger than it looks, Krannert offers everything from Gaugin to modern mulit-media installations.
If I cant do this in Mysql how could i get PHP to generate this?
Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated (Trying to fill property with nullable int type int?).
Not displaying image in viewpager I want to load four image in view pager, i am actually loading images from drawable folder but i am not able to load these, below is the code Look i am displaying images from drawable but i am getting blank view pager please help me
If you (like me) choose to order the corn to ease your conscience (after all, it is a vegetable, right?)...do not be fooled.
I feel like they had the potential to really go for an upscale Japanese look and didn't.
This is superior to the other options because no controller is responsible for instantiating the model, and the controllers are not unnecessarily coupled to the app delegate either.
In description cell when the code started it stop the insertion of data.
In 30 minutes we were called for our table.
As it stands, there is currently no way to do this from a third-party app on the latest version of the OS - at least, not in a way that won't get your app rejected from the App Store.
The answer suggested; [theTableView reload] definitely works fine.
all Im trying to compress the categories in the mobile menu on opencart Im not seeing an option in the mega menu options to compress the categories on the mobile menu.
How it affects downstream models depends on a particular use case and data.
Currently I did this with Java by a simple , but I want to know if this is already contained in a or something similar.
What is Android's google app theme?
The thing I love about this gym is that the majority of folks that go here are pretty consistently conscious about the machines' cleanliness.\n\nI wish that they would get on the ball and start tweeting - especially when we had the snow/ice delays last week!
I want to just see if its there or not.
However, you might have meant that you want the value to remain after you run the method.
I had the same problem, that it ended there and even refreshing the simulator didn't make the packager to go on.
Here's an output of Y that holds a specific function F.
Hat aber alles problemlos geklappt, auch wenn es etwas hektisch wurde
We were there on a Wednesday and the guy who answered the phone to take my reservation acted like he was doing me a favor to fit me in.
The four of us had items off the Two for U lunch menu, our bill was less than $30 which meant that I might could afford the shoes I wanted to buy!
When I realized what happened, I called and spoke to Jason who said they would could the cashier's drawer when I came back for my movie.
This ±1ms comes probably from this implementation detail of :
Recommend by several senior student of mine in CMU, finally I came here today for my dear friends birthday.
Full code: Location Adapter: EDIT: Updated Code: for (int i = startLoop; i &lt; endLoop; i++) {
The condition doesn't seem to work.
They give you free chips with two salsas, one spicy and one mild.
Peggy the owner is one of the funniest ladies that will have you rolling out of your chair.
The toppings are nothing special, but the meat itself was cooked well and, for lack of a better term, meaty.
Like some of the other reviewers have said, don't let the location or decor deter from enjoying some of the best Eritrean food you're ever going to find.
So your problem is probably actually how you are rebuilding the array in each iteration of the loop.
To add to this mood, there is often live music in the restaurant--usually just a single violin or guitar player.
How to display attached properties in Property Browser of blend for silverlight?
At the same time, there will be few projects where all the administrators will not have all rights to those projects.
\nWhenever I'm craving a carb-filled breakfast on the run I grab a bagel and my day starts off well!
You should also keep track on what static key word means.
Value example the action key performs a "next" operation, taking the user to the next field that will accept text.
I'm guessing this is because it does not follow the structure of neither Maven, nor Netbeans projects.
They take the sushi and the experience very seriously.
Unfortunately you would need to recreate/re-upload the blob.
I hired Blue Plate Catering to cater my wedding in October of 2013.
Your boss wants to insult you, but sadly doesn't know what he is talking about.
There's a part of the toolbar where a user can click to see which favorite members of theirs are online.
This appears to happen when you remove an from the document during the event.
I'm not using any ORDER BY in the query, can I still trust that logic?
If you don't want to guard them with brackets, you risk incorporating symbols that are not reserved in your currently used version of SQL Server, but are reserved in some future version.
Notice that when HolidayDate contains a date only when that day is holiday, otherwise it will be NULL.
Setting up PHPMyAdmin on Amazon EC2 I've installed PHPMyAdmin on my Amazon EC2 instance using the following: Then symlinked it to /var/www/html with When I navigate to /phpmyadmin in my browser, it gives me a 403 Forbidden saying I can't access /phpmyadmin/ on the server.
Alternatively, is there anything wrong with defining the following function?
YUM their gyros are some of the best.
They get a little extra bump from me because they so graciously hosted the Pittsburgh Beer Society for a long time, AND gave PBS members 10% off their beers.
Let's face it, $33 on a weekend is a bit stiff.
All the other pages are accessible and work except for the homepage.
Your code is equivalent to Indeed, this return value of calls - another promise for the result of the callback(s) - is what promises are all about.
I didn't even ask, which is what made this even more wonderful.
Despite its name, I really only tasted two flavors that dominated the sauce -- vinegar (sour) and sugar (sweet).
The spicy basil sauce was the highlight.
But it did not solve my problem.
PHP / Curl: HEAD Request takes a long time on some sites I have simple code that does a head request for a URL and then prints the response headers.
My website allows users to write in LaTeX especially for mathematical formulas.
It's right off of a fairly busy street right by an intersection.
Among them, an impressive array of Italian sodas (lavender & lemon, mango & lime, white choc & mint, etc.), an enticing selection of lemonades (ginger lemonade, lavender lemonade), and some excellent-sounding tea combinations.
It works suddenly.It may not be the answer, Hope it will give you some clue to solve.
That being said, there are a few musts on the menu.
You have to map operations to HTTP methods and URIs.
Eclipse Now, here comes the main problem: having a good Eclipse configuration.
How to pass error object to socket.io callback I am using callbacks with socket.io Client code : Server code : With the above code the client side always prints out .
You can see that behavior here:
It is the epitome of Vietnamese comfort foods in my opinion.
\n\nI also love the fact that they are into sustainable farming practices and they're educating people all over the world in regard to coffee quality, sustainable farming practices, and coffee service.
Also check to make sure the intermediate directories are also permissioned as 755, as all the directories in the path need to be executable to be traversed.
Great salad and soup as well.
\n\nI don't think the upper seats are bad but some on yelp seem to, if it is what you can afford it is still a nice view.
The bartenders almost take pride in the strength.\n\nAll in all, it's an authentic dive in a neighborhood that sorely needs one.
You should be referencing $ variable like this: Also I have also used jQuery in my firefox extension it works seamlessly with no issues at all.
Awesome selection of prepared food - I like that you can eat it there or take it home to share for parties (or hoard for yourself - which I mostly do).\n\nI wish I cooked at home more, but they have a great selection of items that you can't find in the regular grocery store.
She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.
I have used them exclusively for almost 80k miles worth of service and couldn't be happier.
Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back.
It is a bit higher price point, but it is such a great space it is worth it.
You might want to add setter method to make sure, that lat, lon are always in a valid range, otherwise a Geo object might have an invalid state.
What wins this place 5*s is the food - some of the best italian food I've ever had!
It's Culvers, what else can I say.
More to Charlotte's taste than to mine , but good in spite of being mild.
Hopefully I am back in Charlotte soon to give it another whirl.
which turned out to be really awesome suggestions!
Probably.\n\nBut it really is worth of the rating.
I was thinking it would be better to just use PrincipalPermission as security attributes for the classes/c# files involved in each aspx.
Unlike the object-oriented Core Data framework, SQLite uses a procedural, SQL-focused API to manipulate the data tables directly.
ehcache - any solution to access expired element content?
And, of course, they pick you up.
If you're in the mood for some soup or traditional ramen, the Tonkatsu ramen is also delicious!
It's just delicious.\n\nThe establishment is always clean, the staff courteous and the fish, of course, fresh.
If the previous point is a concern, then you can improve that by: storing those credentials elsewhere, in order of the deployments, and make sure the deploy commits are done with a , with name and email extracted from the separate file, based on the recorded order.
Had to wait a while to get the check.
no other restaurants around here that do.\n\nPortions are small, so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.
But if I run windows media player, it doesn't play the file include amr codec.
But I got it not after Ads was clicked as in your case (I also can not click ads into my game as I'm developer too), but I got it after video ads tried to show in Admob InterstitialAd.
That's the only reliable way to reproduce this error.
Lastly, your set command as written will include the space.
We can see this because the string appears to be set to when the error message is printed out.
\nSit down an hour and a half later.
The only downside was that the heat in the room was up pretty high and we couldn't figure out how to turn the heat down (no room controls).
It will show preview and I need to cancel print out to a printer when the user clicks a Print Button on the toolbar.
The one next to B9 is fast moving and fast paced.
used as a tree) : Any help or suggestion is appreciated
Large men with mustaches came in for lunch, typical Wisconsin body types.
There's also the possibility of using shared memory between the processes, but I've never tried that; its very os-specific.
That means Select does things for Edit.
But you can create custom parameters .
There's no wall between the cozy dimly lit dining room and the loud blaring kitchen.
Also if I take some action on page2.aspx, the POST response will again have the correct headers.
They do make an excellent Pizza when ever they do decide to open which seems like between 11am and 11:30 or when ever they get around to it I guess.
If you are looking for the most authentic Japanese food in the Charlotte area, this is your place.
The atmosphere was cozy and inviting.
I honestly don't know how \""French\"" it actually is because I've never been to France, but from what I imagine France to be like, it's French.
\nMy only issue with this place is the fruit flies, sorry the little flies are a big problem.
There is a Walgreens downstairs for items you forgot to pack.
As I started on my second piece, I began to take more note of the flavors.
I can buy items that are over 3oz.
You cannot have multiple inheritance in Java.
Some log messages that I collected.
bourbon chicken with veg fried rice-perfect.
Technically If I save the trouble of encoding shouldn't device performance be snappier?
So the result should be like ..
How to subset data for a specific column with ddply?
Our dog has had some pretty serious health problems as she's gotten older, and having Curt as our vet made the process of dealing with everything a lot easier for me.
iOS UITableView contents not visible In a VC I have 2 tableViews - 1 main and other is added in a drop down menu.
how to make browsers to offer password and email store after log in What shall I modify on this code to make it clear to the browsers that "you can save this fields".
This would be a five-star if they were able to serve adult beverages.
I'd like to have it so that people who visit /api see our html based api documentation.
yes i did initialize the keys right and my manifest file does include internet permission.
The Apple Chops are some of the best pork chops I have ever had.
You might want to return all calls and then filter manually yourself or alternatively loop through the numbers you want to return calls from and make list calls for each of them.
It falls somewhere between a crepe and a pancake.
I need to know how to read the STRING like below: Can you help me please?
I tried this: But without success.
Because when linking statically, the order in which you specify the libraries and object files does matter.
I can't find documentation about it.
My favorite pho resturant in town the fresh rolls are great the pho is very tasty.
It is simple and I'm sure your group would be able to apply this workaround easily.
The spinach is great and the hash browns are a must have.
I need to send a parameter to the page that loads into the tab.
I was happy to see the two locations in Charlotte when I moved here.
I also tried their blondies that day.
My fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill.\"" It consisted of eggs, peppers, onions and home made sausage.
below i am placing singleItem and ViewCart Code:- SingleItem Code:- ViewCart Code:-
Our server was spot-on with service and recommendations.
Heinz ketchup and pickles are terrific.
The Harris Y is clean and family oriented.
it still has the same friendly neighborhood atmosphere.
The way you're appending your strings: creates thousands of new objects which then immediately become garbage; this is very inefficient.
How long is your callback working?
You need to have a member in the struct to set a value to, this can be an instance of the struct itself.
-- Need to replace all HTML files in the above directories with the same HTML source (copy over existing file and keep the name the same).
So it will use the static content in the /public directory (which contains an angular powered application for public users.) I then do a login (code below) Which sets the req.session.loggedIn variable to be true.
Somewhat surprisingly, methods don't throw exceptions .
Light and fluffy with an oreo cruble crust and a huge slice.
I also like the laid back vibe of the place, bringing me back to Forrest Gump time.
This sandwich and chain are one of the reasons I love the Burgh so much.
Then the hand cursor does appear, but the text field loses its selection 'abilities' (text cannot be selected using the mouse).
Very spacious, awesome bar and outdoor seating available.
Your question has a certain functional "aroma" to it, if you wanted to drop the class/object stuff and go the fully functional route you could do something like this: If that doesn't appeal to you, I would suggest thinking of the and attributes on your class as data attached to your objects, not as methods, and work out the problem from there.
Please refer the default icon names..
Java: To what extent should we encapsulate our methods and classes?
I need to design an abstract network layer .
They're local through and through, and i'm down with ANY place that let's me bring my masculine, ferocious, killer dog inside.
The mashed potato was very good though.
Are the returned arrays in separate $row results?
Horizontal Scroll View is only good if you have just a few items.
I think it is not correct to call and after to the call because "In background" means in a different Thread.
because any time later than that, then you will have to wait.
What you need is a way to have an external URL process a request and return the file in question.
R plot.xts error bars Trying to put error bars on a time series plot using I've aggregated this using I can plot easily using : I can calculate standard deviation easily as well with I would like to add these standard deviation info as error bars to the plot, but I cannot find a method for this?
puts this module into the variable .
I started with the beginner walls which have a slight slope and aren't completely vertical like some of the intermediate walls.
And in your view, which is strongly typed to your view model, We will manipulate the form field names so that the model binding will work when the form is submitted.
How can I fix this issue?
Always a decent place to sit and talk, not loud music and well lit.
(Most also use commands, not actions.) I have also seen where you can enable/disable/hide/show menus using property testers also configured in plugin.xml .
My husband enjoyed the traditional-type burger he ordered.
containsKey check for hashmap I have read multiple posts to understand this, but I can't seem to quite get in on why we do a check if a map does not contain a key before performing a put operation?
Is it possible for a silver bullet to one day come along and slay the software development werewolf?
They do free delivery to the surrounding area!
Also, try their bread pudding dessert when they have it on the menu, it's the best in town.
Yay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.
The tea and kheer was a nice way to cap off the meal.
If there isn't (and I'm skeptical), then I'll have to create these files each time.
Spring MVC - URL display in browser and Encoding support This might be an obvious question.
The service is real quick, the food is delicious, and the staff are friendly.
ActionScript 3 MouseEvent run once What I want to do is to run once my over listener function.
after lunch SO if your procedure is scheduled around lunch time then people who are allowed to eat should keep this in mind!\n\nALSO keep in mind parents that if you are being admitted to HEMBY you may want to move your car from the orthopedic hospital parking deck to the main hospital during the time your child is in surgery.
Food is very good, not outstanding and they are pretentious.
Also his son just moved into the building so there are now 2 great dentists working in the same building.
The best thing about the Poole Shop is that even though it seems like it could one of typical snobby stores where everything is ridiculously expensive and the sales staff is rude, it totally isn't.
Lord knows we all love and miss Chris Farley but there's only so many times a night you can watch his Chippendale's audition.\n\nStill one of my faves though.
how to use html to post multipart/form-data I have form, I want to post through multipart/form-data.
\n\nAgain, everything was delish but I guess we'll all be wearing our fat pants to work tomorrow!
Informal atmosphere- almost Asian cafeteria style except the food is really good.
The braised lamb shoulder was flavorful, tender, and super rich.
Better than good - hot, made to order, and fresh.
\n\nRegarding their food, I have only had their pizza and French fries, so can't really speak on that aspect of the restaurant.
I'm guessing because it does most of its business during lunch hours and maybe happy hour.
We're running Ruby 1.9.3 with Sinatra.
My wife ordered a veggie noodle dish.
I got the GLBT: Guacamole, lettuce, bacon and tomato.
Our waitress was very friendly, and our food arrived promptly.
\n\nKudos for an impressive and very reasonably price wine and cheese selection!
We ate there last night with a friend after telling ourselves that we would never return.
How can i create django models , views , forms with different names Currently i have my models, views, forms in default file.
Sounds like grounds for a great DYL, am I right?!
I'm probably not the first who has this problem, but I can't find such question and solution for it.
If so you should remove from method declarations.
He's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture.
For starters, I love that they have the traditional thin waffle.
I work from home and I value my privacy.
There were picnic areas with BBQ pits along the lake.
If I lived in the area, I'd be a regular too!
Even as a vegetarian, I felt REALLY silly ordering \""orange wheat gluten\"" or \""sesame soy protein\"".
Everything is always fresh and the dough and icing or other toppings always taste really good, rather than too strong or too \""meh,\"" which is a common problem with other bakeries.
That's cool with me because I hate to be coddled.
\nIf you take the time to go through the racks you will definitely score some unique HIGH QUALITY , no funky smells goodies.As far as their prices i noticed that average price was 23-35 and the major designer stuff was between 60-100.They also have a sales rack at the back (was 75% off when i was there).
Lee Byron's stage 1 additional export-from statements proposal completes the symmetry between import and export statement, allowing you to easily export namespaces and defaults from external modules without modifying the local scope.
This is my go-to place for organic and pastured meats.
Included in this group is also Ovens Auditorium and the new Knight Theatre, plus others.
Bind to element of Angular controller We have a somewhat complicated model on an AngularJS controller: In the HTML markup, we don't want to repeat the whole access chain everytime we access : Is there an AngularJS directive that creates a sub-scope like this: It's the same thing that's done on , but without the repetition :) We tried , , , none of them works this way.
Neo4j-OGM only supports any primitive, boxed primitive or String or arrays thereof, essentially anything that naturally fits into a Neo4j node property.
Before onCreateView starts In PageFragment; I inflate a layout in onCreateView.
I could not have asked for a better experience.
I would definitely suggest you valet.
Vinny when it comes to looking for random pieces to add to my pad!
Over the years Silky's or The 'Chester as my friends and I call it (from Shaun of the Dead) has become our go to bar.
OK, so I had tried all of your guys suggestions which I had were part of the issue, the final issue turned out to that I needed to add my images to the drawable-xhdpi.
Nonetheless, was behind in 2011, but the recent stats for 2011 show that it passed in total installed instances (on Ubuntu).
Everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food.
She offered up helpful suggestions and even let me try a sample of the soup of the day before I placed my order.\n-Homemade focaccia: Mmmm rosemary!
I would like to know how to set the FK of Word to the PK of the language.
You can order the simple (oatmeal with berries) or go for the indulgent (pancakes with whipped cream, berries and potatoes).
With a HEX-editor you can see the difference, you can also go to the file properties and look at the file size, you will notice that they differ slightly.
But once the app is about 30 secs in the background and then resumes, the app crashes with "message sent to deallocated instance".
By pressing the button I want that the relative layout will be on the center of the screen For that I have used the following code on button click(The code is executing.I have tested that).But it did not help me.
Using the code below: I get the following output: I dont even see the "I evaluated the if statement above" message, so the program somehow got stuck evaluating that if statement.
However, I do not think it was spectacular enough to order again.\n\nMy husband had the Ravioli di Cinghale: ravioli filled with braised wild boar in a rosemary infused sauce.
, and are completely different statements, and all three of them do different things from the other two.
Animate when the first image is loaded I want to animate an element only when this element is loaded ( with the background ).
The bonus is definitely the amount of food, you get enough for delicious lunch leftovers!
A day within the week is represented by a digit where Monday is 1 and Sunday is 7, in the format (or omitting hyphen, ) such as (a Tuesday in 7th week of year).
Seltzer water had nothing on the masterpeice I created.
Sorry for the vague answer, but perhaps it will set you on the right path.
Food is always great and service is good!
A great find in the city.
I told them I simply couldn't afford it and instantly the offer for their overpriced credit was made.\n\nI left and decided to try my hand at a local garage.
I recently found Flutter , the development language is Dart and it's an early stage OSS project (as of 2016 october) and Haxe .
Egg drop soup, spring rolls, bourbon chicken with veg fried rice--fantastic.
What does create.php do at the moment?
Here is the code in question that throws the error.
A small but extremely orderly (re: alphabetized!) shop.
True enough, someone from Los Angeles (like myself), New York or Boston would not be completely delighted with the range of subject matter, you can find something.
Great bread too.( the meatball sub could use a few more meatballs but is still delicious)\n\nWe still love ya and will order from you often!
(After has executed, the list should be effectively separate from the dictionary.) Basically doesn't support concurrent reading and writing.
I use to live near there and my neighbor and I would go there every Sunday morning.
Try to capture the reloading data in a notification handler.
Is it possible that getServerAddress always returns the primary while some queries are actually handled by secondaries ?
PyDev "New Project" crashes Eclipse I'm a Python and PyDev newbie.
His comment was \""It's Big Burrito salty.\""\n\nReally savory food and pleasant service in an atmosphere drowned in Massive Attack.
aasm_states_for_select seems to be the correct candidate, but I cannot call it on my order model.
Do yourself a favor, book a reservation and go.
I went the other night with my adult daughter.
We both ordered the bratwurst sandwich.
People knock on this place - but I always find myself defending it.
The ribs are sooooo tender and the red beans & rice are fabulous.
The veggie dog tasted like the real thing.
All you need to do is jump from to , since the stack will be set up identically.
You are probably not going to like this answer but I think if you are going to this much trouble to optimise the sql that linq is outputting then it is easier just to write it in sql.
I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion, but you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
This brought the whole meal to another level!\n\nTheir jerked pork was a freaking revolution in my mouth.
Sorry about the wall of text, but I'm really frustrated :S So the question stands: Precisely in which situations is an activity deemed "hidden" such that is called on it?
Not kidding, right across from the Clemente bridge, you can go and get slizzed up before, during, after the game and walk right back\n\nParking- 5 bones for an all day pass at the self-parking garage across the street.
The collards and corn bread was hot, well seasoned, delicious.
You just need to make a bean for your hibernate configuration and load it using aop or bean name into your application startup.
You can double-check by changing to the more-explicit .
They're just wonderful at Penn Mac.\n\nPS Try the English Gloucester cheese - it's a rich, orange, sorta cheddary cheese that's chock full of chives!
It's located underneath 7th street station parking deck so there is always plenty of parking.\n\nHaven't really gone here to drink, but they have a good selection of beers to go alone with your pizza.
In and out in 60 minutes.
Always friendly, the staff here will usually go out of their way to make sure you have a great meal.
I don't get any testSelectValues with the proper selected values.
I'd highly recommend the Scramble for breakfast and the Wing Walker for lunch.
Any idea on what I might be doing wrong?
Can't figure out which function called when There is an object, which is not Array but array-like HTML object.
They will slice anything.\nI go here when I do not want to be depressed by the other grocery stores in town and want a bigger selection than I can get at the local co-op.\nOne Sunday they had over 40 free sample stations!
Also, I can't remember the last time I've had good service in this place.
EX: What you're doing What you need to do: create property of your modalVC and initialize it in method
Bringing it all back together with the joins and clauses.
I've noticed that on some sites, this can take a long time to complete.
(Though I HEAR from current and past students that it is an excellent school!).
The most efficient seems to be setting the opacity in my tests.
if I do //span at the end then the others three are out.
I am trying to find the distance between two locations.
I made it into Olive or Twist a few weeks ago to celebrate surviving my first week of graduate school!
The garlic wine sauce on hers was awesome and made each bite of her entr\u00e9e that I had a treat.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again.
The spring rolls are made here and delicious, and the scallion pancakes are another favorite appetizer.\n\nThe waitstaff has been here for years and are very good.
It was nice (modern), although as is usually the case, the room grew too cold on occasion, which was addressed by our staff, but with no noticeable difference.\n\nI noticed each morning, that our facilitator was met by the hotel staff to review the day's agenda, which I was very impressive.
One may need to heapify based on requirement.
Is one of these harder then what some people may think?
The texture was perfect, and the eggs made it such a moist bread.
The \""Spring Rolls\"" are greasy but good.
The bar is very smoky, although it is also stocked with a soda machine if you get thirsty waiting for your sandwich to be made.
Located at the end of Uptown (?), I did walk up Tryon and College St.
I was trying to use org.springframework.format.annotation.NumberFormat Why doesn't the @NumberFormat doesn't have default message property?
It looks good on first sight.
It would be a good thing to add though :).
Walking around the place, you can really start to feel as if you've gone back in time.
I think I need to map the path via a servlet or something similar...
My husband and I love food, saw all the great reviews and decided to check Mert's out.
Any idea how I can set that and stop getting the NPE?
The below query could solve your expectation..
This is my favorite Wing place, whether I go in person or have my food delivered.
Service can boost a mediocre meal into the the arena of excellence.
In MVP: View can be a class or a html template.
The fried popcorn shrimp was also very well done but the highlight for me was the shrimp & grits.
you've been here\nIf you can imagin Wally World on Red Bull...
What happens here: In the expression the operands of are subject to the usual arithmetic conversions .
We draws us there is the pizza and beer.
I got the mild garlic parm and the signature Mean Green, which was a mix of peppers.
In Rails, why do I get a "can't write unknown attribute" when I try and save my model with non-nil state and country member fields?
I added a little chili oil and it brightened up some.
I believe your call is matching the wrong overload of the helper method.
I would not bring a rambunctious kid here.
It also didn't include the baby squids with attached tentacles that you might normally find in calamari dishes.
I'm not Indian, but my boyfriend is.
Since the server is a separate console/winforms/service application, I first thought I'd best use .NET remoting for this.
I have a JList in my phonebook class.
Your code obviously doesn't work, because you've just created a variable of type IPAddress and assigned some value to it.
I've also created a fiddle here with the full code:
My husband was also a big fan of the cioppino.
The complexity of iterating over the games in that genre depends on how you do it: This code yields 'get' operations of complexity each, so that's .
Can we have a mixed-type matrix in Matlab...and how?
I order Chana Masala, Aloo pang & nan....it was about $20, lasted me dinner & lunch the next day !
\n\nI continue to recommend this place for good Chinese food at a great price.
I've also changed the delete/rename code to simply move the gziped file to the original path, which has the same effect.
If you just set this up, you should be able to see analytics in the "Realtime" panel.
How i can pass value from Controller to View in a Checkbox in MVC Good afternoon I have the following problem, I need to pass the values ​​that brings a CONTROLLER ViewBag a Checkbox in a view.
What would be a good framework to develop a web application for guitar software?
Is there a way I can use jQuery to alert me the text within the option tag of the option I have selected?
We ate breakfast here most days and the staff in the restaurant area were very prompt and friendly.
Wish this place was closer to my side of town, but we will definitely try it again.
The crust, the tomato, and the pepperoni are all awesome, too, but trust me -- if you like cheese (and who doesn't), you'll love this.\n\nOn top of that, their fries are fresh and served in lah-arge portions, and their steak, cheese, and mushroom sandwich is phenomenal.
It happens on Tuesdays!\n\nI started coming here when I lived in the area a few years back, and it still has it's charm.
The decor is very similar to what you'd get in Vietnam, so if you don't like the decor, you probably should never go to Vietnam.
They have the best lunch combos and the food is usually ready for pickup in 10 minutes.
Much better but the same price as Mc Donald's.
Had the Cajun omelet for lunch on Mother's Day Big crowd, but staff did a wonderful job.
As you can see, the methods defined in become available to any promise created with .
You will earn slightly more from clicks.
Have you considered perhaps making a minimalistic Linux distro that contains the minimum number of programs needed to start up Wine and the Windows application you need?
For everyone how still gets confused with process, here are necessary steps: go to Extras/Signing Tools subfolder generate dsa private/public key pair: ruby generate_keys.rb Note that there is bug with this script in Sparkle 1.56b, so it might be better to take it from here: updated generate_keys.rb script using sign_update.rb script (from same folder) you will generate dsa signature: ruby sign_update.rb
How to query more than 5000 records in Flex Salesforce app?
in my wordpress post meta table I loss all metakey values.
57 dollars for two steak meals and plenty of beer is not a bad price at all.
This also eases test automation &amp; allows any non-web service tests to be executed as well.
Great store to go to if you're looking for a nice spring dress for a great price.
Is there any way to enable breakpoints of native code while calling from managed (C++/LCI Mixed mode) code?
They sell gourmet coffees and teas as well as extras like honey that is specifically for tea, rare candies and I believe cigars.\n\nThis also serves as a small coffee house and roasting facility.
But I wonder if there is a better way.
The JSON to CSV conversion is like this: and here is the flow
\nI think I'm going to have to defend Sushi a la Andy against the folks looking for 'traditional sushi' in a sit down sushi bar.
So much better than La fiesta.
This is simpler because the decision is made by a single entity, so it can use a simple algorithm, like: If the child dies, the starter process can consult the to reuse that port immediately.
They like the campus and the teachers.
The "my" subdomain has a ton of pages of it, so I need to make sure that regardless of which page a user goes to on the "my" subdomain, that they're redirected to the site's main index page.
These facilities could rival just about any country club pool in the county.
Those two items alone are mouthwatering and worth going there for.
After doing some research, I tried to erase all the arrays (including the one containing all the sheet data) before writing to the range, but that didn't work either.
But, thankfully we were all staying across the street at the Omni so no worries about safety as we were leaving (with the exception of one guy who needed a little help getting down the stairs, LOL).
HTTPBuilder is a wrapper for Apache's HttpClient, with some (actually, a lot of) Groovy syntactical sugar thrown on top.
A lot of different flavors that together were a symphony in my mouth!
Edit: I know how to include my resources, and have done so, I'm asking about how/why some of the resources aren't able to be accessed , even after adding them in.
User-Agent detection code is quite old (stops at IE6) but should be easily extended.
Another option is to put your alert UI in a group and show/hide it as necessary.
Each sandwich is both tasty and large enough to feed two normal folks for lunch.\n\nAt the suggestion of the server, I ordered the Kolbassi Sandwich.
But well, I'd like to avoid that.
Admittedly, I was quite inebriated - the food was great.
I want to execute an SQL query and get its result in elisp: I'm using Postgres, and I already know all of my connection information (host, username, password, db et al) I just want to execute the query and get the result back, synchronously.
if you want some quality pancakes or French toast (poor man's egg sandwich as the Britts call it) and a show watching the cooks do their thang, come here and and be amazed!
try running the code continuously in arduino device.
Food is good, only gave 4 stars because of wait time.
Instead let it evolve and refactor often.
At runtime, the current load path is in (you can append further directories to this at runtime as well), for example: have a look at the documentation of require ( I'm not sure what you mean by: P.S.
I noticed that the exception trace mentions spring-beans-3.2.0 jar even though the issue is with mongo-config.xml
I love coming here mainly because of the live music, the mellow scene/ambiance, and the drinks.
The user is, however, able to copy and paste the crash report from the phone under "Settings > general > about > Diagnostics &amp; usage data".
when my app is ready, it will call Commit().
Database query to JsonArray I´m getting data from a database, the query works in the correct way, but I want to save that data in JsonArray.
This will eliminate the contention issue from above.
The exact pattern I'm going for is like this: Start parallel tasks that are , ..., .
The only bad thing it that they only serve it on Friday and Saturday nights, so if you go any other time, you're SOL.
Normally queries require a parameter don't they?
My guess as to why it works on your computer but not on your hosted site is that your personal computer is a windows machine which is not case specific whereas your hosting server is a Unix machine which IS case specific.
gives an overview about email signatures.
Wrapping in a form action into a curl php I'm new to php development and i just heard of curl.
Villa has regained a fan in me...good hoagies and Coke Zero...SWEET!
The only php based solution that I know is PHP Manual Creator from kubelabs.com (
Bring a toilet cover and your own wipes.
Their butter chicken and tandoori roast chicken are worth trying.
\n\nWith their American menu, it's also the perfect place to take out-of-town guests who want to go out \""someplace nice\"" but are also picky eaters.
I have been eating here since I was a little girl, and it is always the same!
I am also setting these files to readonly using: This works to set the attributes, it is just that since I have pulled some data from the remotePath that is already on the localPath, the readonly attribute gets set back to 0 and the archive attribute gets set to 1.
The menu rotates so some of the dishes aren't always available but the traditional noodle dishes are always on there.
Create java classes that do the regex processing and put them into a jar file and place in soapUIinstallation/bin/ext as explained here .
Here's a big hint: on Mondays, the burgers are half priced if you eat in!
\n\nYou can tell they really like helping animals.
Truly, the kindest, most gentle vets I have ever met!
Mi Cocina is my favorite Mexican-style restaurant in the Madison area.
Morton's is one of my all time favorite steakhouses.
Did that recently on a trip to England and was bummed.
However, if I switch to the "daily" view, the numbers are vastly different: So I can't make sense of this.
I mean really...what the hell dude!
Whether you can use it to report "real time" depends on what real time means to you.
for your default component access ie.
calculated_time_estimation : row_time_estimation end def calculated_time_estimation service_date + calculated_service_period end def calculated_service_period case(service_frequency_period) when 'Year' service_frequency_number.to_i.year when 'Month' service_frequency_number.to_i.month when 'Week' service_frequency_number.to_i.day * 7 when 'Day' service_frequency_number.to_i.day end end , , are attributes for MyModel
How Does a Login system generally work with OOP?
I can't recommend this place enough for it's 'value to complimentary services' ratio.
Definitely will go back when returning to Pittsburgh.
I chose to get the chips as my side and they were not homemade, something I was hoping for since all the other food was of such high quality.
We went last Friday night to see our friend's band play and it was the same great Salsa's food in a wonderful atmosphere.
So the only solution i could come up with was to create a "UID" base on the info: But not only does that feel a little hacky, "long unsigned int" isn't big enough to hold the potential numbers.
Youtube API V3 Java Any possible without invoking browser to upload video Hi I hope someone can help me out here.
It had a bit of a smoky rustic flavor and no spiciness whatsoever.
Nothing amazing, but they hit the spot.
Using PHP to Search and Replace POST vars in docx document I am trying to do a search and replace on a Microsoft Word docx document.
Very good man drinks, very good lady drinks.
Hands down the best Gyros in Pittsburgh!
Basically the same as having a constant right in front of your statement:
We also had the filet of beef in Gorgonzola cream...medium rare, tender, well seasoned...rich, decadent and incredible.\n\nDessert....yes...we forced ourselves...homemade cannoli and a variant of tiramisu with toasted/burnt almond slivers and raspberries.
Easy access, plenty of parking, friendly staff, clean.
A varbinary isn't displayed with an odd number of digits.
You can also try this pure CSS method:
Support local butchers or they will disappear!
Service is always fast and friendly.
Somewhat thin crust, baked bubbly and crispy around the edges, can use more sauce but the mix of cheeses quickly remedies that shortage.
I can see that the joke is controlled by the array, but after that I'm not seeing it.
So when the button is clicked, a event is raised, meaning that each delegate subscribed to the event will be called, according to the subscription order.
\n\nThey have an ATM inside and only take cash.
It prints a value to stdout, and each invocation will do that.
Considering the flowers I got were VERY well received, I feel like this was an overall positive visit.
They're not systematically closed by the framework.
I appreciate that they are starting to care more about the products they are serving.
\n\nThere is also a spa within the fitness center.
She told me that the kids buffet was only $3.00 so we opted for that.
Tune-up, oil change and a new serpentine belt: $465.
Instead, it feels a bit haphazard, with a mish-mash of a traditional and contemporary that doesn't quite mesh.
Ample parking, large store, pretty clean, decent selection, lots of sale items.
It's like Happy Days, without Richie and The Fonz.
takes a key (which can be any type satisfying basic constraints) and will create a (key,value) pair if none exists .
The calamari was spicy, and it would have been better with some sort of dipping sauce, but I guess that isn't classy enough for the Capital Grille!
how to make a current website responsive?
The seafood and veggies always have a really fresh taste...
Just tried it here, and I can't duplicate your experience.
Then create , for users to enter the requirements, called , and Then replace all the user’s input in current code with this in order to read the requirements from the worksheet "_Tables" then Process the lists See below the entire code below.
Cash only, and be sure to tip the server!
As a sidenote, I've had the vegetable soup a few times and it is truly incredible.
classpath and path are the evironment variables .
Once you have your values in 1 array you can use them a lot easier then creating such variables..
Your schema for your taggings table should look similar to this I think you are missing the column or forgot to perform a migration.
AFAIK, there is no direct answer because multiple wavelengths can combine to give the same color right?
Another popular service that provides many different types of code analysis and coverage tools is Code Climate .
\n\nBiggest downside is the general amount of people that go and the parking situation.
This is properly bringing me to my Shopify store and is displaying the permissions screen as desired; however, when I click the 'Install app' button, I receive a page that says there is an Untrusted Connection.
My lil Lulu is feeling much better and I want to thank everyone at PBVC for making it happen, they gave us excellent healthcare with GREAT bed side manor & I would recommend this practice to anyone.
We went last year for the first time and are going again this year.
Add the following to your code: You can then clear a form using: myForm.clearForm() Where myForm is your form panel.
rename to and try: AND Important: In order to execute files they need to have as file extension, otherwise, as @BurningCrystals said, they're just plaintext.
I fortunately had some on me but it didn't sound like an ATM was terribly close and in 2014 I'd much prefer to use a card.
I find that difficult to believe to so I'm willing to accept I must be missing something.
I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries.
Well…try this steps: Open the "Start" menu and click "Computer" or "My Computer" depending on your version of Windows.
It's a small sweet bit of ice cream with some sort of yummy nougat inside, with a few assorted fresh berries on the side.
is always in indicator for accessing uninitialized memory.
Save yourselves a few minutes on cleaning that, I'm probably going to put new trash and crumbs in it shortly anyway.
I have tried the following: , , ??
In your case, the state object contains several nested objects.
Currently I'm making them into a texture, and then applying them to a plane geometry.
The fixings were standard but could have been refilled.
Problem is I'm not able to maintain the shell environment constant.
I think a day or two later (after she had told me a week) she called to tell me it was done.
Hopefully you can find your answer in this: Not sure what you were hoping to get but at least this displays a chart.
Anywho, I'm going to go for 5 stars instead of 4 simply b/c this was the best meal hands down that I've had in Uptown since I moved here.
Appetizers and desserts are made for sharing, so be friendly to each other, less conservative and share.
Just be prepared to enjoy an hour and a half relaxing meal.
It's possible to set environment variables during the build to alter the path and still have it work in a local environment.
I Have assumed that fetchmany and DECLARE BINARY both setup a temporary table on the database server side...
I cannot recommend this place enough.
They're great at catching issues before they become huge costly problems, but will tell you plainly whether it's something that needs to be fixed immediately or if it can wait.
\n\nSo the sandwich and decor of this location would rate 3 stars, but the concept of a restaurant that serves you an oversized sandwich with coleslaw and fries on it for around 5 bucks rates 5, so it equals out to 4.
(Told ya...) There were five adults plus a 12-year old.\n\nWalleye was excellent, the waitress was too.
Just update counter and impliment check if check > 0 show message (alert) it will benefit you two things User dont need to click each time and get alert..
I sat on this information for two weeks until last evening when I gave in and took a walk.
So it is very likely that some other instances have terminated and thus "recently left the cluster" when this warning occurs.
When you love your clothes, you need to find a dry cleaner you trust.
\n\nOur first visit in the past couple of weeks, I ordered the Burrito California with pork (to be different, since I always order chicken).
That will prevent it from showing that split-second flash.
I had been working as usual, but when I typed in to see my changes, it said: What can I do to recover my repository?
So my friends at work recommended Baoding, and I decided to take a chance and go.
Valid alignments are , , and (which centers horizontally).
just encounter): The Hibernate bug in question seems to be related to
where precisely invented in order to abstract the underlying machine and render a program more machine-independent.
You should call the invalidate() method: This method is the only way to remove a timer from an RunLoop object.
Still, couldn't do a whole glass.
I'm obviously biased since I fly out of this airport monthly - but this is one of my favorite airports in America.
If you use Smarty you shouldn't do such thing at all.
When in Pittsburgh I will make time for a stop at Tessaro's.
The is like as follow: $$ E_c=\sum_{i}w_i $$ $$ E = E_t + \lambda E_c $$ is error used so far based on input-output differences.
\n\nWe both really enjoyed our pasta dishes.
Okay, that may be a lie, but if you've been here you'd know why I'm saying this.\n\nAs much as I love the newfangled bakeries such as Vanilla and the now defunked Dozen, to me, there is nothing like a good old fashioned take a number type of bakery.
Price wasn't too bad, I would go here again
And of course I want more of that fried chicken!
The pub has several billiards tables, a jukebox, and a small outdoor smoking area with several tables and chairs.
Classy crowd and much more mature, older, and professional crowd.
If you keep the blob references in separate threads, you will be fine.
Just to explain: I want change to I'm using Xamarin Studio, C# Android WebView project, by the way..
\n\nEverything is made in house, which is enough to win me over.
The sales associates I spoke with were very friendly, down to earth and willing to help.
You can also use JSON in a similar fashion.
I am new to java and I understand that I will need to use defaultListModel at some point but I don't quite understand where My button in the add class is called btnOK my arraylist is just ArrayListcontact my JList is just called list.
I prefer my museums in chronological order, not cool to less cool, which is what this seems to be.
Pls help me if any body knws about this problemm...
I take my grandfather here once a week because he LOVES the food.
for C++, in VS 2005 &amp; 2008 uses its own build system, in 2010 C++ will also be built with MSBuild.)
I do not understand the need for p = p, or color = color...
Only difference in my code is a valid HTML5 doctype at the top.
One night I was watching the Travel channel, they had a show called Top 10 Places to Pig Out.
\n\nI had the lunch special here recently which was a Tilapia Puttanesca and it was dinner portion for a lunch price!
We drove here from Greenville, SC where there is excellent food but Upstream has some of the best fish we've ever had.
Really amazing service and great product quality.
You dont need to use merge-sort here.
However, on my most recent visit I've noticed that they increased their portion for lunch combinations.
But I want to display only the last 4 digits in the DL number.Could you please help me to complete the functionality?
I love the layout and the gigantic staircase up to the galleries.
Massive improvement over the old ones!\n\nI've never ordered the entree mac and cheese, but it makes for a tasty side.
My omelet had three (3!) kinds of cheese and lots of nice 'shrooms inside.
According to Le Mardi Gras' website they've also hosted a variety of celebrities including Rocky Marciano, Harvey Kietel, Sammy Koufax, Sam McDowell, Billy Conn, Alice Cooper, George Clooney, Russell Crowe and Ted Danson.
Instead of just getting an entree which I would normally do, today I splurged and ordered a side of Spring Rolls and also a Thai Iced Tea - which is jasmine tea with cream and sugar served over ice (so good, it tasted like dessert!).
It's not your typical lasagna, they call it \""southern Italian style\"" and it's a mix of beef, veal and homemade sausage with a cheese blend on a bed of sauce.
We had a reservation and we were seated within a few minutes.
A dash of salt and pepper is all I ever need to put on their steaks.\n\nThe salads at Long Horn, this is where they need to step up their game.
said, the light rail makes a very convenient stop there too.\n\nTheir social media department is fabulous!
Thanks in advance if anyone can help.
They way it's suppose to be.
Which one is right for you depends on your personal needs and skill-set.
We had one of her birthday dinners, a new year's eve dinner, some get-together with colleagues, and it was a good experience every time.
If the schedule says a bus will arrive at a particular time, then the bus will arrive within about five minutes of that time.
Am i doing something wrong, and/or is there a way i can input specific angles, say, if i were to put in 45, i could generate a joystick signal that would correspond to that angle, much like i can do with keypresses?
Tasty sandwich with a TON of meat in there!\n\nChicago style Vienna all beef hot dog ($2.75)~ Very good dog with all the fixings.
You have added the entry to root's crontab, while your Cloud SDK installation is setup for a different user (I am guessing ubu121lts).
This place is about beer, pure and simple.
When λ=0 you have the first point and when λ=1 you have the second.
Our server Rachael did a awesome job.
You need to invoke session_start at beginning of each file where session data is accessed.
An , followed by any number of any characters, to the end.
I'm not sure whether you designed this table or somebody else, but these two properties can be assigned with other values through Azure Storage .NET client libary and Rest API .
I hate warnings and I want to fix it.
From your android device you should not put , but instead just your server address and port like , for example .
regardless the sequence the params are given.
It is Sicilian style pizza and It is delicious!
sql server stock quote every second I have a table with stock quotes Symbol Ask Bid QuoteDateTime Using SQL Server 2008, lets say for any given 60 second time period I want to select quotes on all symbols so that there is a record for every second in that time period.
it might be possible, as returns in the above example.
I have a gluten allergy, which makes this very important.
The avocado maki roll was also great.
I felt the Imperial Stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering...
They have beer flights too if you want to try several different beers.\n\nThe service has always been good to excellent here (last time it was excellent).
When I lived in Pittsburgh, I was always trying to find the best Thai restaurant.
If you use read() you will have that problem.
Presentation was lacking but I don't think that's the point of soul food.
Android multiline edittext not increasing its height as the user types So the layout is quite simple.
\n\n*two pieces of cod, fries and slaw
Here is the first activity: As you can see I have replaced the predetermined number with String num and the number of messages to be sent with int x, which causes the app to crash when the button to send the messages is pressed.
They might be surprised that Perl can do it, but they aren't going to be surprised that you can do the task.
Everyone should go to see her!
I had the pleasure of a 3 hour layover in Charlotte Douglas airport this past weekend on my way home from Vegas.
If I were ever to move back to Madison I wouldn't even consider taking my pets anywhere else!
How to % encode single quotes when making jQuery AJAX call?
Issue in Kohana Query I'm facing an issue in my query.Kindly help me to sort the issue (I’m newbie in Kohana Framework) As you can see 'hits' is property set at DB:expr().
\n\nThe bartenders are older and they don't take credit card so bring cash.
Your error does not come from Comments but from the fact that you didn't select any "Language" in your BSF Listener.
Difference between interface-abstract (not duplicate) I want to know the difference between the two codes.
The original database was created in 2002 and has been used/expanded since.
It's now the closest grocery store to me, so I figured, why not just this once?\n\nThere was tons of interesting looking stuff, and I found myself getting carried away and filling up my cart way more than I had intended.
Atmosphere aside, the food here was good.
Ever since my office moved up to the University area, this is my \""go to\"" Y during the week.
But if it is decided that the current behavior is acceptable, then at a minimum both the PEP 8 and the import documentation should have an explanation of this corner case and how it can be solved with relative imports.
Of course any one build might have more limited (or no) capacity to allow parallel builds.
I believe it is the best lunch spot in the strip if not Pittsburgh.
it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.
That said, why not have two and really kick up your heels?\n\nStarters: I realize that shrimp cocktail might be considered a boring choice, but with jumbo shrimp and cocktail sauce with a kick, you'll be happy you choose this route.
\n\nNow let me be clear, I'm surprised it stays in business because every time I go there for lunch, it's dead.
I am moving from a place with 2 rooms, to a place with 3 rooms.
This is a great little stop on Smithfield Street.
Always call and check here before paying full price for any book!!!
When I click PRINT button in the front end.
It's the expression builder syntax for ASP.NET, have a look at this question for more information
\n\nIn terms of atmosphere, it is more casual but in a classy, Italian way, not a sports bar type of way.
Food was good but nothing extraordinary.
The shop is small and usually pretty busy, but they will do their best to fit you in and get your car fixed up ASAP, and Tim always takes time to explain your car's problems to you.
So it would return only if you have a single non space character as input.
They don't take credit cards (cash only), but damn do they have some good food!
Funny- we actually were in such a hurry to get here that we both left without our phones..
Can a null variable in a function become not null?
But when model state is not valid, It does not return anything and does not reload my view page in mvc.
HTML CODE action.php Working of code On clicking the ,the hidden value in the form is sent to the file with out page refreshment.And the response from the is collected in the variable and is displayed in the having id as result.
Everything is well prepared, well seasoned and well cooked.
The last number in column Y is used in both cases as SUMPRODUCT requires that the ranges be the same size (although not necessarily the same rows).
You can't just group by info1, info2 and also have columns for key1 or key2 in the result (e.g.
You could create wrappers that are those methods but as public.
I have set up an application and a router for the application: In the initRouter I have two functions, one for each page that gets called by router depending on the url.
We really enjoyed our experience and would be back in a flash.
One note, this Ristorante follows the same menu structure as in Italy.
Still tough to swallow, but that's the life of a car owner, ain't it?\n\nAll in all, I'm pleased and will likely head back to Coulwood Tire & Auto next time I need service.
You could try putting in though.
I'd be very interested in coming back to try their Beef Briskets and Chicken Dinner.
This seems to put the kibosh on most theories you might think of.
Unfortunately, it shows nothing to me.
Dress in layers; this tiny joint gets cozy.\n\nWe plan to try more sushi varieties; it's right in line with prices from other places.
My horizontal errobars are disappearing when using the function.
The academics were top notch, the people where all so open-minded..and of course of the THE largest Greek systems in the nation did not disappoint this grad.
You can do something like this: Notice that I unhook the event handler in the override.
For example: CCColor4B doesn't have a constructor with CCColor3B as an argument, so you have to pass in the individual values for Red, Green, and Blue, as follows: I like to create extension methods to encapsulate the above, as follows: So you can then perform conversions using the following:
Why, then, am I reviewing it, you ask?\n\nThe answer: OMG brunch buffet.\n\nOk, so at $16 and change, the weekend brunch buffet isn't cheap.
the greens are cooked perfectly and the two ravioli are large, fresh and meaty.
First of all per K&amp;R, the answer is yes.
The food is always ok (but I don't expect if to be wonderful for $7).
if i lived around here i would eat at tram's every day.
I was trying to implement an android spinner, a button, if I click should open a dropdown menu showing three things: "bluetooth, speak, headphones" but all i see now is the button, (no text), and when I click on it, nothing happens.
So these raptors, for the most part fairly acclimated to human presence, will merely eyeball you as you walk by their aviaries or embarrass yourself by clicking and hooting to get their attention.\nStop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds, as well as some interesting background information.
Tastypie can automatically generate urlpattern for simple resource urls.
Understanding lexical scoping of "use open ..." of Perl Above statement seems to be effective in its lexical scope only and should not affect outside of it's scope.
If neither WPD nor WIA is supported, I am afraid you have to deal with the old TWAIN interface.
This is my favorite place for breakfast in Champaign.
No, there is no way to access anonymous classes from anywhere, except from inside them (i.e.
That's because you've stated the problem as to "construct the set C", which lacking other information, generally means to enumerate the set C.
Even though the baked goods are not made on the premises here - they are brought in from the main Dormont location - it smells like a bakery should.
EDIT: As such, the use of static for brand and color conversion are also imposed.
From the giant lady locks (seriously, the size of your face) to the freaking phenomenal wedding cakes, this place has it all.
If I understand you correctly, you want to not include any of the changes from , but just "close" it and keep going with exactly what you have in .
It's been a while since I've written about Lidia.
My husband and I had the most awesome experience at Prestos our waiter Alex and Alaina were the best they suggested the shrimp & grits and the chicken martini and both were great!
The nice lady at the register was nice and friendly.
I'm still here, so obviously I love it.
The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something.
2) Second option is to trim the text length.
Now reading the comments, you're query seems to be failing.
You have those problems on any solution that uses malloc, calloc, and realloc.
As someone who lived in South Florida, I'm still a bit of a Dolphins fan.
(Note that the default for appendfsync in the configuration file shipping with Redis post-2.0.0 is , and not .)
each pair is the name of the key on the server responds and it's corresponded keyPath on your managedObject.
So many flavors and soooooo good!
They have an in-house wine specialist that helps you with your wine selection - impressive.
The reverse formulas will give you a range.
Then why is it that I'm getting the error?
Both of them throw an error "error: [WinError 2] The system cannot find the file specified" without specifying the file it can't find.
Gets crowded, but never a long wait.
\n\nMy experience has been all positive.
query results will show you amongst others the supported features of a XMPP entity (e.g.
prices were average for a garden center except for the furniture which looked of high quality but not cheap.
Also, you can pass the result to according eventArgs field and then, in take it from eventArgs to perform some UI-dependent operations with it, as mentioned <a href="
microcontrollers like AVR) you don't have that complex programs running.
So a in the Web Service project looks like this: So in this example the Web Method expects an instance of class , which is in the namespace.
I am very pleased with her work.
Very reasonable prices with nice selection of fish and sides.
How to cancel printing in ReportViewer1.Print Event?
Hannemann and Kiczales paper is great for learning the basics on design patterns and getting some great AOP examples.
And their fans are crazy good crazy.
4.5 stars \n\nFood: 4.5, service: 4, atmosphere: 4.3 \nCost to worth it rating: 4 (starters around $10, entrees ~$30, desserts $9) \nReturn worthiness: yes \n\nHighlights: \n- Scallops: 4 large ones seared and cooked perfectly on top of creamy grits.
As Krishan said the staff is very energetic and very happy to see you and you can't beat that.
I easily get distracted in Jared's.
And yes, their sushi is also really good.
It's a very polished up comic book shop and I love it!
These days the CakePdf plugin has matured quite a bit into a very useful tool for PDF generation.
My problem is that I want to listen out for a hitTestObject of 'square' intercepting 'square' and subsequent additions of the same MovieClip.
The session clearing and sending to the list page are done in the method of the wizard, which reads like this: So, come to the question itself: would anyone know how to get the expected behaviour, i.e.
3 multiplied by 7 results into 21, that divided by 20 results into remainder of 1.
The modern art is very cool, but after being at the Warhol the day before, I had my fill of high-concept stuff.
I could have fallen asleep, it was so relaxing, plus the hair products she was using smelled great.
\n\nTake a look at the menu, stop, and think...this place raises the bar on 'southern food'.
What could I be doing wrong?
Monterrey delivered great food, great service at a reasonable price.
And that is likely due to a general consensus that it's generally better to work with copies of everything expect objects.
Note that: basicAuth is deprecated Here the code:
Here's a sample that illustrates the trivial and not very clean solution described above (code too long to paste directly here).
It doesn't appear to be the case currently.
Instead you need to use the descendant selector (a space) and design your classes to compensate.
You have to pass a lot of extra parameters in C to deal with this.
he could list the make up of every item.
I didn't quite realize how much I love Thai Cuisine until they closed for a few months to remodel.
What If you only want certain views of a controller requiring login?
love the small plates and the idea of being able to grab a drink at some small bites in the bar.
so i have recently started using magento 1.9.
The documentation on jQuery is concerned with loading all content in the XML and not just a specific node?
Set IsDestinationPathVariable to True, Set DestinationVariable = RmtArchPath.
Beware though if you are more than 5 minutes late, they will turn you away.
All of the preparation is done in front of you by the chef, who puts on a show while cooking.
Pentiful baskets of thin/crispy chips and good but, not to hot, salsa are on your table immediately.
Excellent cocktail menu first of all, followed by an excting dinner menu that has not failed yet.
How do I make it so that I can start at an arbitrary joke within the list of jokes?
I had forgotten some of my toiletries at home.
Needless to say, we had enough food for lunch the next day.
In a similar situation recently I used ( gasp ) dynamic SQL.
Does this sound "normal" for Windows?
Their rates are very reasonable, the staff is friendly and helpful, and on the extremely rare occasion that any issue arises, they take care of it promptly and beyond my satisfaction.
The menu here isn't that big but it doesn't need to be since what they do make is very good.
It's a classic diner that happens to serve alcohol.
Had we known it came already dressed, we would have asked for it on the side.But it was a perfect amount anyway.\n\nI had the porterhouse, great, cooked the way I like it.
In compiler, if a virtual function is declared inline, it retains its slot in virtual table, the slot pointing to a special function emitted for that inline one (that counts as taking its address, which makes the inline emitted).
I am trying to run the below spark program When i run the program through Run application mode in eclispse with passing arguments as src/test/resources/demo.text It fails with below error.
The diversity of the routes is really great too, there's plenty of routes for each skill level and climbing style.
Went to this restaurant for my girlfriends bday.
Yes, I am slightly bias because I am Korean but its great food.
If that's a problem, find another pizza joint!\n\nI believe they sell calzones and a few other things, but we always go for the pizza.
My wife made it about halfway thru her salad by then, and she too gave up.
Water is only $1 a bottle!
I have taken the train from Pittsburgh to Huntingdon, PA a few times.
The cheese fries are a must but add jalape\u00f1os and get an ice cold draft; some great selections are available.
The Heinz Architectural is dedicated to the collection, study, and exhibition of architectural drawings and models.
I occasionally visit other locations and am consistently disappointed, especially in the Park Road store (see other review).
Lidia, darling, you know I'm a fan, but it really wasn't your best effort.
The train does stop at every station along the way, but usually only for a couple minutes.
Debug sales order workflow in OpenERP 6.1 web client I'm testing out the OpenERP 6.1 web client, and I sometimes have a sales order or other kind of document that gets stuck for some reason.
They have a small menu, but the food is good.
Go in the off hours; cause the bar is packed at lunch and late.
That's something everyone has to go through.
Additionally, I would say that the macros you suggest are all ver bad ideas, because they hide from the reader what is going on.
No, a static method cannot call a non-static method.
However, the users can change the email, username or IP at any point.
The waitress said she could tell our chairs were uncomfortable, so she switched them for better seats.
We will definitely go back to try some more of the dishes!!!
Jquery Autocomplete Unable to Empty Input on Internet Explorer I´ve got a Jquery autocomplete input like the following: A listener for the input And the input: The trouble is when I reload the page, Internet explorer displays last user Input in the text box.
To work around this a the following flag can be added to the 'javadoc' command: This passes the flag to the java VM that is running javadoc which increases the stack size to 1 megabyte.
I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with the works (hold the cheese) and he ordered two (2) trios; one for now and one for later.\n\nThe food was good, but the fries were sparse and non-crispy while they were seasoned OK.
There are no facilities to prevent you from indexing beyond the limits (capacity) of the array.
The server was very nice and attentive, giving us time to enjoy the experience.\n\nSave your Benjamin's and when you're ready to splurge treat yourself to a night at Carpe Diem!
\n\nThere is a nice blend of new, updated, and old exhibits.
this place is on my list at least a couple times a month, and it's probably the only restaurant in madison that can claim that.
If so, am I in trouble?
They definitely didn't skimp on my portion of tuna and cooked it well.
And the food was out of this world fresh and good.\n\nI had a spinach pasta with sweet corn, baby tomatoes, and fresh basil.
I remember when Winn-Dixie was still in Carmel Commons.
For our dinner entrees I ordered the Penne Vodka which came with a tomato basil cream sauce and prosciutto while my girlfriend went with the Penne Parma that had some artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, olives and sweet sausage in a garlic wine sauce.
The doctor was very nice and very thorough - went down the checklist and checked everything.
It looks like it's saying it can't get to your database.
cocos2d-x Simulate click by coordinates Using: cocos2d-x 2.1.1 I have game based on cocos2d-x, I should implement same code to this game which can tap on elements.
Jquery Load not loading I'm trying to do a fairly simple load function with Jquery (at least I think it is), but it simply isn't loading anything.
The pasta is homemade, and the garlic knots are a must.
For a better design approach, check the and .
Never in a million years would I have come up with this strange combination of flavors, but it definitely worked.
Some nights feature a belly dancer and middle eastern music.
We even left room for dessert which was equally amazing.
Originally had planned to eat at Deejai, but we were hungry and didn't feel like waiting.
First off, its huge, and cheap.
I've looked a both RabbitMQ and gearman.
And obviously, if I've missed the best method of all, please let me know what it would be.
Their menu changes seasonally and is always hilarious (more so than Mad Mex, which they poke fun at along with other local restaurants).
\n\nA friend gave me a tip: their Columbian coconut coffee (wonderful!).\n\nHere's another tip: the hours state that they close at 4 on Saturday, but they actually stay open until 5.
However it is not very pythonic either; I would write it as: automatically closes the file at the end of indented block.
It's an ugly solution but you may try this ..
I am trying to parse some JSON that I get via a web service.
They brought alot of energy and had the audience of about 30 people all dancing and moving to the beat.
Had a positive experience at Bombay.
A media block starts with a , not .
Beer specials, reasonably priced.\n\nBurgers are awesome!
Say it with me now - Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding.
Flattening an array in Flask API I'm making an API with flask that takes as a POST message body a nested array, and then returns a list of the values.
I don't know C# as well as Crypto++, so I can't help with a C# example that works as expected with ONVIF authentication.
On the first tier there are lounge areas where you can just relax before or during intermission.
Even today, this haunt is still our campus favorite when down in CU for a football/basketball/hockey game.
First of all, here we can see that the example as it is does not work as expected (thanks to Piotr Skotnicki for the link).
I think that sound fix the issue.
To use the braces themselves as end keys, specify {{} and/or {}}.
The sandwich totally did her smile and sales pitch justice.
This: Since I want to manage both projects at the same time, I created a new solution for second application, which subclasses the necessary forms and classes is a very bad idea.
You can re-write all that code in 1 line: That's all there is to it :).
I really like that they have a Mass early enough to still get me to work by 7:30.
I'm trying to pull for the users profile only the comments that that user has posted.
carousel like with css, overflow-x (horizontal only) I have an and .
In general, their stir fry dishes are quite good.
Pretty darn impressive considering just how busy they were that night.\n\nSince then Mad Mex hasn't disappointed.
All in all, we'd like to go back again, but we want Jasmine!
I went here for lunch and it was delicious!
The huge panthers on the exterior of the stadium are very impressive up close.
Heck, even if you don't, there's still plenty of other stuff to look at (beef jerkey, beer/wine, fudge, etc.).
I like the homey decor a lot, though!
When I start the training, the one stuck in this situation:
In my case i found out it was division by zero
You can do this easily with .
I remember being underwhelmed by the food, but that could've been the chilly reception with which I was met during this particular dinner and the conversation that entailed.
I know what foo.dll is :-), why does VS2008 add the other three files?
Install the SuiteScript IDE (needs Eclipse).
But the best in the affordable/causal range.
will return a new where ALL occurrences of a particular character are changed, not just a character at a particular position.
You can develop qpython project as other python projects with your pc or MC, and upload the project into your mobile's /sdcard/com.hipipal.qpyplus/projects/ then run it in qpython.
My family and I came here for Sunday brunch to celebrate my father's birthday.
Because that's part of the fun of airports - morning bloody marys because you can.)\n\nThere aren't any special shops I find the need to hit when I go to the airport like there are in Denver, but I kind of feel like this is a plus for my home airport.
I think the room is among the better quality ones in the area and, provided you're a sound sleeper when it comes to noise, it is pretty comfortable.
He took a seat at the counter and the staff told him what specials they could make for him.
We were in Charlotte this past weekend and we were in the mood for Italian, so we went to Mama Ricotta's.
Come in, drop off your stuff and come back next day to pick it up.
Do yourself a favor and get a charcuterie platter and hummus.
\n\nI was impressed by this restaurant, from the quiet setting with an uncrowded dining room to the casual friendliness of the waiters.
Is there a limit in rows in listview, or rows and columns in the case of gridview, that could slow down the app?
They are buffered, but I don't know on what level or what the limit is.
I haven't been for dinner in a while, but it was great when I went a couple of years ago.
Since the live music can be loud, it's a great way to enjoy the band and still carry a conversation.
This makes jumping to the error from the quickfix window a pain as it opens the wrong file.
but i think your are missing the function try this
It is a good hour drive south to get there, so I won't be going too often, but I will be back.
New account is totally unrelated to new account.
Great place for a bike ride.
background is gone when I want my application will be more smoothly and I read that could be a solution.
The atmosphere is kitschy and cool, and they have something for everyone (even the vegetarians and picky eaters).\n\nThe wait can be a little on the excessive side, so don't hold off until you're hungry.
This is very basic and not thorough validation I know but the textbox needs to accept for example name@email.com as well as 4556-222-44444.
method only returns TRUE if it has successfully applied your rules without any of them failing.
The place gets packed on weekends and around holidays.
My question is, are there any reasons why this would not be a good idea?
The food is delicious and the prices are very reasonable.
We stayed here because of the location across the street from the Nascar Hall of Fame and it's proximity to the downtown area.
Now I also want to display nearby physiotherapist base on user's input.
It's sitting bare naked out in the global scope wilderness.
Its refreshing to see people enjoy where they work.
sjbaker's site mentioned by gaitat will make that quite clear as it did for me months ago.
We started with the spring rolls, served cold with a nutty fish sauce - deelish.
Makes me want to go there tonight.\n\nJust a local
Is there any other alternative to add attachments using a mailto: link in C#?
Reading the output streams from a C/C++ coded application First of all, i'm on Ubuntu 14.04 So, here's my problem: I'm dealing with a C++ coded application that has a graphical interface (games/music players/etc).
This is the body of this function: But calling this function (even from AppDelegate itself) returns SIGABRT on line with But when I implement the function in class (replacing with proper connection to of course) - it works fine .
Now in the settings app I want to include only the urls.
A recent discovery of mine and I'm glad that I found it!
The atmosphere was nice and lively.
It had blue cheese and roasted red peppers which I can't get enough of and no iceberg lettuce in sight.
For my own personal taste (I'm not huge on donuts) it was a bit too sweet, but the preparation and plating were fabulous!\n\nOverall, an excellent restaurant with stellar service and an exciting menu.
The testing app URL is: Its just Hello world simple nodejs app.
You are casting the short to AppCacheStatus object below, hence the error.
I ordered their Graham Street Tofu sandwich with their 'chorizo' soup and a shampoo soda.
But it seems as if it can find it - the code compiles fine.
Our food came out fast and everyone was very pleasant.
If the attributes you are using are very similar to DataAnnotations, I would recommend using them instead.
I haven't been to this clinic in awhile, but when I did go, it was usually a good experience.
\n\nI was informed yesterday that Danny's has the best Italian hoagies around.
For the purpose of my question, lets say I have a database of albums.
My tea stayed full and when we left our bellies were all full.\n\nThey had some interesting items on the menu and if I ever decide to try liver it will definitely be here!
It shouldn't matter if I look at the hourly or daily view, the number of items per second shouldn't be affected by that (tho it clearly is).
Therefore I need get all country and region code languages from .
We went here on Saturday morning.
uses inbuilt server to preview your generated application.
I can join the two tables, but i'm struggling with using the two conditions to filter the data.
It's stellar espresso - rich, thick, potent without being sour or bitter, with unique nuances that vary slightly depending on the shot and the weather, but are always fantastic.\n\nThe coffee is also terrific, and Tazza D'Oro uses Batdorf & Bronson beans - the best I've ever had for home grinding.
If i could do half points I'd give it a 4.5.
You can help it out by narrowing the number of columns being returned (don't use SELECT *), and by providing an index that consists of VehicleID + TimeStamp.
I am giving all 5 stars to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop.
I'm working in a constrained environment where sudo does not have certain permissions, namely to create symlinks.
The built-in massages are good for light damage (extra whitespace, no closing slashes, etc).
For Chinese food this place is inexpensive and well done.
I have the following setup: 2 Replica set members to store data 1 Arbiter Everything is in a Virtual Network There are two scenarios: Scenario 1 No Load balancer.
The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely!
Note that not all rooms have those.\nBreakfast was nice during the week.
All the cardio machines have their own TV and if you have your headphones, you can just plug it in.
Even while sharing, we still take left overs home!
I have tried the power tools but when I run 'Generate Views' the VS12 output window shows The T4 templates that can generate views seem to be for code first only.
What I appreciate is that I may well have only one map in my application, but it shouldn't be in the bowels of the subject and observer class code where that decision is made.
so try sticking applicationId to your modules gradle, at defaultConfig like
A milk-skinned hostess in a golf-green blazer and a white and peach paisley blouse batted at us with hazel eyes beneath a mop of perfectly tussled and pasted curls.
Been stuck at this for a few days now.
The seating is tight like others point out, but manageable.
We were told we could try as many as we wanted.
Meat & breads are always very fresh, meat sliced when ordered.
You can call the task.servariable Logging Command , which sets a variable in the variable service of taskcontext.
It's fine to return a reference as long as the object referred to is not destroyed before control leaves the function ( i.e.
This place is the absolute BEST to purchase a bike!
Great little shop off of the interstate.
This is useful if you would like to switch implementations of same interface dynamically.
This is how it's being done in the current database.
I used Unity as my engine for visualisation, and I'm just using a grid mesh to visualise the water.
I'm more of a smoky myself, but I can recognize good sauce when it's given to me.
has both (integer) and (float) columns that I order by.
This data then feeds into a table especially formatted with LaTeX code that formats the output: After writing to sheet that table data is linked to, I read it back into R, now with all the LaTeX in the cells and in essence I want to results so they are LaTeX code, but it prints the as a long string when I : What is the appropriate way to automate this cross platform integration?
Is it possible to use a parent table Id instead of child table Id, when child table should put it's Id into another table I have this Generalization relation ship between some classes in my class diagram.
To do this you need to assign assign it to html elements like, We can get the value in jquery from this html element by using this code, For security reasons the php variables cant assign to javascript variables.
Since you're on a mac, you can just use the subprocess module to call .
Renaissance is a beautiful hotel in downtown Pittsburgh.
\n\nThe service is a little slow but once again, it is a small restaurant with lots of charm.
Seating is limited so expect to wait to be seated on a weekend because the locals flock to this place since its the only place nearby serving a good breakfast other than fast food.
The veggies are not generally very fresh looking and they continue to keep their potatoes too close to their onions which leads to the onions rotting very quickly.\n\nTHe produce notwithstanding, I'm lucky to have a neighborhood market like the Jenny.
As soon as I got up from surgery, I could see the clock.
This past week it was half off every tag except white.
We ended up walking over to Connolly's & taking over the upstairs room.
The color on my nails is going on week two and still has barely chipped.
The osabosuca is always a good choice along with their risotto.
The central food/shopping area has some nice options and the big white rocking chairs are so southern and inviting.
Running it in GDB is how I discovered it was emitting SIGPIPE.
According to the source code (the source of Carbon 4.4.3 DropinsBundleDeployer which deploys the bundles we put into the dropins folder), this error could occur: when the has not being given or when the has not being given.
Therefore Dependency is probably most appropriate.
Simply put the rule is: If your derived class overiddes the Base class virtual method then it should provide a definition as well, If not then the Base class should provide the definition of that method.
Now I'm in java eclipse and I would like to do the same type of thing but I can't find out how.
How about just use the old routing rules and append .xml1/.xml2/.json1/.json2 to the end?
Also within a short walking distance to Gateway Station, Market Square and right across the Clemente Bridge to PNC Park.
Asking to build merely says, about to do something build again if you would like.
MVC5 aspnet.identity + FLASH user authentication I'm looking for example or idea how to manage user authentication in FLASH with MVC5 ASP.NET identity using internal accounts and external logins (facebook etc.).
Download test book named "Create Dynamic Text and Footnote by JSON at EPUB-3" :
Could somebody please tell me what it means?
It's a place that looks really nice yet had a friendly almost dive-y vibe.
You can do that with just pure HTML+JS.
We solved this 10 minute timeout problem by implementing a small amount of Javascript which every 9 minutes sends an ajax request to a URL which sends back a new blob upload URL and swaps out the form.
Test CharSequences for equality in JUnit The following test runs successfully: The following does not: is a , while is a of a different type.
I had a room looking into the courtyard which is nice for sound but weird for having the blinds closed for privacy.
I lunch there a few weeks ago and enjoyed it so we decided to try dinner last night.
It is a meal you create by picking two items from soups, salads, sandwiches, paninis, and pastas.
The commenter's advise about avoiding doing stuff in signal handlers is good, as it's not portable.
The shrimp are crispy and the fish sandwich is one of the best I've ever had, with the crinkle cut fries or onion rings and you have a delicious meal!
Do new roles get added so often that this is an absolute requirement?
And what is the best practice for something like this where their are a lot of string conditions?
(forgive syntax errors, it's been a long time since I've done Java.) These are injected via the constructor into your other classes and become trivial to mock, or even stub .
The food was great the servicew was excellent.
They also have wonderful mac & cheese and an assortment of other southern style veggies.
You forgot several in your jQuery selectors at the end Edit: from 'pedu' and down, just add those final braces and that should be all of them.
I barely had to wait in line and the package was even missing some tape, which the employee said they would take care of for me.
Only 10 minutes from the race track and within walking distance of many places to eat.
\n\nWe shared a Combination Meal ($17.75) that included our choice of 1/3 Slab, Smoked Pork Shoulder Sandwich, and extra serving of smoked pork shoulder, Cole Slaw, and BBQ Baked Beans.
FWIW, I use hardware locks (hasp) for my high end desktop software, and device ID based licensing on mobile solutions.
We even got a picture to take home.
The eggplant was delicious and I was looking at all the dishes around me everything looks pretty good.
Hubby gobbled down the whole thing...
Anyway if I do it hangs.
Why the command can't replace four blank spaces at the beginning of a line with two blank spaces?
A quick solution would be to Safe Cast -> If you're sure that you're dealing with and AddressRequest, then cast request as
Then when you retrieve code from MySQL you need to wrap the output in .
That is, this is a covering index .
I see the join is taking a while can you confirm you have the foreign key in place.
With smiles planted on our faces after watching a dark comedy, going to D's only extended our happy mood.
You can limit your search results, from the Java Search tab, if you are employing Java Search in the first place.
We got the Burrata & Prosciutto appetizer, it was lovely.
As noted in the comments, that without looks suspicious - I think you may be clearing your old arrays.
I'll update this answer as you reply.
So you need to create object for parent layout an then
All for less than a hundred bucks!
Always consistent , always delectable, always special treatment .
Now how do i link the libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll to my application?
Here you are actually creating an anonymous class that implements .
However, you can call Java from C++.
I tried allready to set a variable private on the top of the class, set it in the function and get access to it with in the Function.
There can be situations when you will need two different 's, which are independent of each other.
It looks that you have just many php scripts without one cetral that manage the other scripts.
It just feels like something you shouldn't eat more than once a year, unless you wanna join Elizabeth.
Well I've been stuffing my face with their delicious gyros and assorted fried side dishes since high school, and I've yet to eat one that wasn't just totally fulfilling and delicious.
django+uploadify - don't working I'm trying to use an example posted on the "github" the link is And I'm having trouble getting work.
I have one question I want answered.
Came here on a tour with a big group from meetup.
The London Broil sandwich wasn't as medium-rare as I'd ordered, but delicious nonetheless.
My apologies for the hassle, and thanks for letting me know!
\n\nBest burgers in the Madison area, hands down.
Generally, everything went well, except for one table.
\n\nIn terms of food, the service was quick, the food was piping hot and quite delicious.
The meat is the best here and one of my favorite bbq places in town.
I made one minor change and Hans went to work.
php website and Jquery $.ajax() The website I'm developing is structured in this way: It has a function that switches the module for the homepage content when is set, example: As you can see, this switch calls another function for each module.
Depending on the number of options you have, rather than dynamically modifying the value, you could pre-populate your HTML with all of the possible values, and only show the "current" values.
The color picker works fine, but when the app closes for any reason it reverts back to default.
I got a pedicure for $30 and it was exceptional!
\n\nBravo to this facility and their staff- they make a nice evening out just that much more enjoyable.
I'm using this background loading to display images in a uiscrollview.
When I do this in the real application, it does the same for the but I see nothing for the element.
I usually go for the enchiladas, but I've been super impressed by the fajitas, and most recently, a vegetable quesadilla that was parmesan encrusted - somewhat odd sounding, but soooo good.
It's cluttered but not oppressive, and again, it always feels clean and comfortable.
You should, on the other hand, use to remove object properties, like once they're empty.
I travel all over North America the majority of the year, and have stayed at almost every Renaissance in the US.
Is it safe to get the value of the selected option like this: rather than this: It appears to be safe but I've never seen documentation on it.
Took a kiddo (18mo.) and it was fine for her.
Have eaten here dozens of times, and never had a bad meal.
Basically JAXRS is just an API, there are several implementation of this API, the most commonly used is Jersey, RESTEasy, CXF, [comparison] , check Add the end you need to consider declare a servlet like this.
The below coding is also useful to perform only string value.By using variable to access the property list of abject after that by using it check the value is a NotANumber by using isNaN.The code given below is useful to you
Try the German Cholate cake for a real treat.
However there are UI generators that normally produce CRUD screens based on a given API.
Overall, it's just a great campus bar to frequent anytime.
hashing depends on a size of the vector , hashing function and a document.
any &ltexp> Return 'true' if any of the values in the input make the expression true.
Park in the area between the PNC and the Bruesters.
Me and my friend sent it back and it was returned just as lukewarm so we forged ahead.
HTTP Response 412 - can you include content?
Enjoyed the winter solstice concert Saturday night.
I didn't know there was a marathon going on .
I had one of the best breakfasts I have ever had here!
The only way I managed to do this is with cursors, which is pretty slow due to the large amount of data.
Great location for a Carowinds visit.
Greg and he can get you in that day, sometimes within the hour.
WIQL - is it possible to get checkin differences using WIQL?
So I use setprop command to set a system property.
\n\nTip: If you're a beginner without your own equipment, the shoe rental is worth the extra 3 or 4 bucks.
She brought malt vinegar for my fries, sorry \""chips\"", without me having to ask.
i have found the answer to my question.
I think it is not a ban because I can run the program right after freeze and it works.
Great place to have a relaxing lunch / dinner outside in the middle of the hot summer or cool fall - the food is good and the prices are reasonable.
In the past we were at the Westin but this place was half the price!
Don't worry if you don't have a balanced/complete team - there will be someone that you can recruit from the bar to join.\n\nNothing really new to share here, other than to say don't hesitate to swing by here for a beverage or two.
And I love their gluten free options.
What it looks like is happening here is because you're altering the List's whilst iterating through them.
\n\nIt's fun for about an hour - then you become crazed and really just want to get out.
and the class instructors are great--they keep things interesting with new routines and music from week to week.
The only approach that I have been able to come up with is the following: When the UIView is opened, create a temporary file and set the PDF context to that file (UIGraphics.BeginPDFContext(filename)).
open a TCP socket to the LPR port on the target printer.
I will definitely go back to this place in the future.
What do I need to change so that the second program will also output ' ' and what keywords do I need to learn that would have made this answer Googleable?
Setting that will make the SQL server enforce that and throw an error if you try to insert a dupe.
If they don't know it, they will ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like, or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!!
Overall it was a 4 star experience.
onLocationChanged method does not provide me with new informations.
― Synthesis of a fusedMultiplyAdd operation from a multiplication and an addition.
Another 5-star find in the Pittsburgh area.
Consider wanting to match the word "march": It can come at the end of the sentence...
Your math problem is right here: The return value from is the number of bytes you read in that one read .
AppDomain.CurrentDomain.BaseDirectory changes according to the app's target platform I have this path set up as the path to the root dir of the application.
The 20% coupons that are regularly sent out definitely get me in the door and I always end up buying more than what I went in for.\n\nPots, pans, plates, towels, bedding, an enormous selection of K-Cups, lamps, small furniture....
i really like this place and if i were in squirrel hill more often, i'd definitely visit more.
I'm originally from Iowa where my family made a lot of country comfort food.
However, if you really need some deadlock support and have no errors in your SQL or architecture try something along the following lines.
You can just feed in a truthy value for newly created elements and they will be automatically opened.
Beyond this I haven't really been able to improve things, but I'm sure it's something in the way I've set things up.
Obviously then the gesture event is not suitable but I don't know what else I could use?
The architecture of the building is so open, airy and bright.
What you want to do is add the CFBundleIdentifier key and your Application Identifier as the value.
Try this instead: Which should match the right signature with controller:
Try running Windows Update which will installing/fix any missing files VS2015 Prerequisites failed to install
\n\nHonest folks, more than fair prices, and quality of work.
Lets say I have multiple 10 jobs, but depending on the answers given the validation rules are different.
However, if you want good fish/shrimp at a good price served quickly and efficiently - this is your place.
Since Float/Double is more generic than Integer, it's a logical option for it to use.
The reason for this is that the Vuforia ( Example, which supports augmented reality, render their models from a header-file too.
I feel as if I am in a Good Fella's movie.
Html Checkbox Disabled State is Difficult to Read I have a checkbox created as follows: It renders as the following html: My problem is that the check in the box is very hard to read in this disabled state.
They offer a different soup every day of the week.
Hence boundary conditions should be imposed ("Pixels" beyond the image are zero, constant, nearest neighbor, etc...).
A true sports bar with plenty of character; I would recommend this place to anyone.
Worst thing about the decor here are the ridiculous pasta paintings.
I think it has something to do with the font itself.
I have a base .aspx page and child page which inherits from the base page.
My only complaint is that the portions were kinda small.
I get the following error: My action is as follows: Obviously I don't want to force this by modifying the admin-ajax.php file, but how do I get my classfiles loaded so the action will work?
Thanks EDIT: I am trying to use Steve Sanderson's Template, the one @Mike Mazmanyan suggested.
But I will soon be generating some dummy data to test the performance.
Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
Weekend specials are a must have.
I tried several plugins (including Stellar.js, jInvertScroll, Parallax.js, Parallax-JS), but none of them seem to work properly.
\n\nmy only complaint this time around was my \""extra dirty\"" martini was not really dirty at all.
\nWe had a server who was efficient despite being slammed once the music started.
I am trying to find a way to allow the user to annotate (i.e.
I will be saving the butterflies for a rainy day.\n\nIf you get a chance, check out the HUGE hibiscus like flowers.
(If you don't have to interoperate with other languages, is easier on you)
The selection is comparable to Strawberry Fields, though the store itself is much, much smaller.
Make sure you alwasy load the library dependencies in the same order as your app does.
As already mentioned, you can instruct to generate numbers directly as single precision, and it's definitely best to generate the numbers in a decent sized chunk.
\n\nWednesday is Trivia Night at Cappy's at it gets PACKED.
I've checked with soapUI that the web service is correctly published and accessible.
I suggest you follow google plus more often for latest Android happenings.
food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again.
Usually get take out from here--I love their fried dumplings and chicken and broccoli.
I already had an HTML editor installed as part of Eclipse, but it wasn't getting loaded.
Is this possible with the hist command?
I know I am at risk of a duplicate post here but I want to stress this question is unique to stack overflow and I cannot find my answers elsewhere.
You can access in your template very easily.
In the PHP world, a lot of people have worked their way up through it from the early days, when everything was in a single procedural monolithic block of code -- and I've seen some horrendous examples of that still in everyday use.
The food - bruschetta and fried ravioli apps, side salad, 1/2 order of aglio olio, and rice pudding - was pretty good.
The waiters are always attentive, the food is really delicious, especially their sirloins.
I never went into the old Tip Top (because I was far too terrified) but there is no way it held a candle to the current Tip Top.
\n\nAs far as bar food goes, this is the best I know.\n\nEdit: Went back and was less impressed; dropping this from 5 to 4 stars.
My lunch with salad and two rolls was $ 14.42.\n\nI've been looking for good sushi in Charlotte and have not been able to find it too often.
They made it so easy for us so we could focus our attention on everything from actually getting married to coordinating out of town guests joining us.
\n\n...I may even wander around with my dog and pretend we live in the neighborhood.
after adding uitableview to uiview didselectrowatindexpath not called ios I have created a custom tableview displayCustomUnitTableView and a custom UIView displayView and adding displayCustomUnitTableView to displayView .
Hot water did take a little longer than expected to reach a comfortable temperature for a shower.\n\nThe free breakfast buffet did include eggs and sausage and yogurt along with cereal, breads, and fruits.\n\nIn front of the hotel are a Bojangle's and a Shoney's restaurant.\n\nNice lodging option for this area,
\n\nThe pros: Fantastic '80s music and videos.
So if any one knows how to integrate MuPDF compiled in my project .
The salad is yummy, and I'm not even a salad person.
I've decided to implement it using a set to track visited nodes.
When awk has finished reading the input in file1, it will continue reading file2.
I'm sure I will have to have a Select within a select, which is fine.
Is there a way to work around it?
The rooms have been recently renovated and the restaurants and bars in the hotel do a nice job.
Designate an unused column to the right as a 'helper' column and use this formula, Fill down and sort on the 'helper' column.
This burger caught my attenetion at first because it has an egg on it.
This won't throw an exception, and it will update the model and then return if there are validation errors.
I just wish we had someplace like Matt's near MY workplace, as I'd like to try a lot more on the cheaply priced menu!
They have just about anything you could think of and it's always bakes fresh that morning.
My gyro and bowl of soup plus coffee was under $10, so it's a great choice when you're low on cash and need a filling lunch.\n\n(Oh, and it's right next to El Pescador, across from the Madison East Shopping Center.
They have improved quite a bit management had stepped up the pace more hands on Custer service was excellent!!!
I'd go back here in a heartbeat.\nThe heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i've ever eaten.
I guess I can see how people think Lidia's is too much like an Olive Garden, but once you look at the ingredients and the preparation methods, it really isn't at all.
I have been known to specifically save articles of clothing because I might need to wear it to the Breakfast Club one day.
Bobby also enjoyed it, so we ordered a carafe of this delicious-ness.\n\nFor dinner, Bobby ordered the Thanksgiving burger.
If they had to do the ID checking themselves, they'd likely need an own department for this.
I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich.
Now we are talking more complexity!
t could not have asked for a more smooth process and enjoyable online purchase!
\n\nDon't know if people thinking about college will read this review, but if so, give UIUC a good solid look.
The spicy tuna maki roll was OUT OF THIS WORLD!
(And ever since someone performed Just a Gigolo, that song has been stuck in my head...)
While I enjoyed the coffee and cookies I bought, I have to say that everything seems to be a bit overpriced and I did get a feeling of snobbery from some of the staff.
Staff is always friendly and helpful.
color is inherited, but border is not: Take a look here Full property table In you second example: Selectors level 3 does not allow anything more than a single simple selector within a :not() pseudo-class.
The dog looked like a chef put some real love into it - it was picture perfect, lightly dusted with celery salt, relish tucked in like it was ready for a commercial.
User roles then setup the locations in web.config OR for each folder created add a new web.config to folder root
Will this work with azure when running multiple instances?
First let me say FREE PARKING!!!!
\nNow this place and the food is fun.
\n\nI ordered the Blackened Filet Diane and added shrimp.
Regx + Java : split a text into words and removing punctuation only if they are alone or at the end I am trying to split a string into words but I want to keep, "a.b.c" as a word, and remove the punctuation only if it is alone or at the end of a word e.g.
While equals method checks the value first.
However, the portal is showing vastly different results from the "daily" view to the "hourly" view.
If they sell the item, they will take it back (hint: even if you don't purchase it from a Bed Bath).
Here is my current nginx config So it takes the app on 443 and proxies to 80 so I can route that through cloudflare but no websocket support means I need to reveal my IP which leaves me open to DDoS attacks.
This is advisory locking, unless you check for the lock, its ignored.
Other environments could use different values for the same variable by updating the appropriate inventory group_vars file.
Very small and comparable to \""How to Cook a Wolf\"" (size wise) in Seattle.
The background here is that there is another php script getting information from a database and it is sending the data to me as result.
EDIT: for IComparable, you can do: Seems to work for my quick testing, but test it more :).
I have lived across the street from this place for over a year and I went in for the first time yesterday lol.
I booked my massages and pedicures over the phone from LA.
This place has cheap-ish beer, decent shots, a great jukebox and patrons with good enough taste to make the right decisions when pumping money into it.\n\nIt's small and I'm pretty sure it's not air conditioned.
O, and they came so fast, I mean I was expecting a long wait considering I ordered mine Medium Well.
Previously this was just car wash station with about 8 self serve stalls and 2 or three automatic.
returns the arguments passed to the call that continues the coroutine, so that the site of the yield call can handle parameters as it so desires.
It works if I manually send the email with my mail client.
The wait on weekends can be pretty bad, and if you try to call ahead, you may wait on hold for 10-15 minutes.
How does the execution continue till the line after ?
For example, specify {LControl}{RControl} rather than {Control}.
Shu presented us with Maguro (Tuna), Hamachi (Yellowtail), Hirame (Fluke), Kanpachi (young Yellowtail), Saba (Mackerel) and a few others.
The staff was friendly, helpful, and very patient with my oldest who will talk your ear off.
All you need is your device and the cable.
There's usually a line in this place but it goes by quickly and I have no problem dealing with that for a nice, hot fresh cup of joe.
It's not a gastropub, it's not bohemian, Nico's is just an old time bar/restaurant that makes me nostalgic for a time before I was even born.
I want to scrape the following information except the last row and "class="Region" row: I tested with this handler: This works but it also get the "View Profile" link which I don't want: I can easily remove the "u' after scraping the site but it would be nice to have a list without it.
Is there a way to do this without using AJAX, JQuery or any complex Javascript script?
I find a lot of the soups to be under-seasoned, but there are tasting cups set up for you to sample items before buying.
Can Ceylon be good option for this?
The hot dogs are great, you can tell they take pride when they serve their food.
Starting multiple gui (WinForms) threads so they can work separetly from one main gui in C#?
The entrance is adjacent to an outside green space area with multiple other shops and eateries nearby.
It's been superseded by ElevateDB , which I would use for new projects.
Replace {ID} with the Post ID of the specific Product: result must be something like this: I hope it helps
Our server was Emmett and we had a lot of fun with him.
Having commuted to work daily by bike for 3+ years, I've been strangely immune to things like flats, blowouts, or really anything of the sort.
not able to get and store screen resolution I am using following code to save screen-resolution in cookie But some-how, it not working on browsers like IE 7 and 8.
As for changing each letter A to F to its complement, if only these six letters are required, a hard-coded function with a statement would do.
Two examples: Iteration Something completely different In that case, the pointer you pass must be new-allocated, and the pointer you receive you need to pass either to again, or be 'd by you.
Perl doesn't really have any special features that allow it to do any one thing that some other language can also do.
I will definitely stop by again.
And looking around, I was not the only person who seemed a little less stressed in this tree lined terminal.
See and check out their full menu.\n\nOverall, hands down the place to be for German food.
This is either working as intended and not enough described in the documentation (my +1 for this), or a bug.
I'd ideally like to print the results to a file.
So the question is: is there a way (using some techniques (hooking?)) to know if and when APP_2 terminates?
iOS how to cache data when kill application?
and instead of cashews, he got his with snowpeas and white rice instead of brown.
He guaranteed that we would love our choices and we all did.\n\nThe BBQ pork sandwich was generous, the pork was extremely tender, cooked just right (not dried out or raw) had a smokey tang that makes it so special.
I'm not familiar with Perl, but am trying to translate an algorithm to another language.
I want to ask is there any good method to solve this problem?
Great food, very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers.
This place has been on my list for a while, and I was finally able to convince my husband make the trip for date night.
Ok, troubled by nested classes and friends.
The grilled salmon was cooked perfectly with a wonderful coconut Thai sauce.
Top it off with one of their signature drinks and you cannot go wrong :)\n\nEnjoy!
This little Thai treasure consistently delivers!
Cool coasters but everyone has coasters.
the menu, the food prices (yet beer is cheaper, and I am fine with that).
What should be the right timing combination for ACTION_UP and ACTION_DOWN ..
Next time, I will try the pastrami.
He made it sound like maybe it wasn't possible to stay on the bleeding edge anymore, that maybe he wasn't going to try so hard because it was futile.
The best I can find are: Mapquest search has a data set which allows querying for tourist attractions.
There are many options and they're all very easy to pick up in a couple of days.
Served family style this salad was savory and sweet with raisins and gorgonzola on the side.
Grab a beer and wait b/c it's worth it.
My question revolves around web service authentication and what is appropriate for real world scenarios.
Most of the time, there is a reasonably fixed latency between the two events as far as the Windows application is concerned - 20ms +/- 5ms.
\n\nThe announcer thoroughly enjoys calling out the players names, highlighting a great play.
The menu had a lot of options for a fancier place, and the dishes seemed to be quite unique - filet of elk, seafood, interesting complementing sauces and combinations.
The error says it all: fgets() expects three arguments.
We always ask for our bacon crispy, and today's was no exception.
My husband found the shoes he was looking for.
Great time and we can't wait to come back for another show.
\n\nSoHo is really close to PNC Park, and not too far from Heinz Field.
I create a bunch of shell scripts, one for each variant of Eclipse/STS that I run.
Total price should change too when an item is removed.
Then style on that class to add space between it and the next nav item.
I went there for my birthday dinner and was ready to order it when the waiter explained that they removed it from the menu despite it being one of their most popular dishes.
Let me start by saying that I am not a fan of wood-fired or California type pizza.
view state MAC validation failed I made one web application in asp.net.
The produce department is world-class, with fresh clean produce that doesn't disappoint.
It took over 40 years for me to finally get to a game out here.
Olive or Twist, a narrow bar tucked away in the Cultural District, has friendly service, reasonable prices, and pretty decent bar food.
You can easily meet new friends and sing and dance a little.
Picture a cozy pub, sometimes with a live band, plates all over the walls and ceiling - mostly to do with the beer club, hot young women in tight shirts and plaid skirts, etc..\n\nThe only thing I would improve is the building itself.
I never feel like I am being taken advantage of like at bridal salons that do tailoring.
When I try this: [MarshalAsAttribute(UnmanagedType.SafeArray, SafeArrayUserDefinedSubType = typeof(Inner))] I get: An unhandled exception of type 'System.ArgumentException' occurred in Driver.exe Additional information: The parameter is incorrect.
this poundcake had none of that nonsense.
I specifically ordered the ham and eggs because it included their famous potato pancakes.
The slider has three images, one centered on the screen, the other two overflow on the left and right.
I first found the Capital Grill when we visit Charlotte.
Event delegation has two main benefits.
I can at least eat it without saying omg I just wasted money
But Chet's was super nice and helpful!!
That was tons of food and I came nowhere close to finishing it all (though damn if I didn't try really hard!) and it all tasted quite good.
Below is the JSF code: And the Java bean is: So is the above code is correct and how to show the message once the button is clicked?
Their events are so much fun too.
The beer sampler and Ruben is a solid choice but they also have a wide range of other options including hasenfefer and Wiener schnitzel.
So it should be something like this: .
The prices were a little steep but I didn't leave the place lamenting over the cost.\nThe last comment I will leave is that the place is ungodly loud when full.
Overall, not a bad place, I would go back.
I had the pleasure of taking a coworker to Mert's for her first time today.
They have a Tomcat server and a database included.
How to remove duplicated data I've got a database my_table with a lot of entries and want to delete duplicate data of entries .
Hmm...pre-made hot sandwiches that are deliciously devine?
\n\nWe moved to Pittsburgh from North Carolina and Tessaro's was the first place we encountered that would cook a burger to order at anything other than well done.
But this is not the way to go.
I'm so glad we have the Food Co-Op in Pittsburgh.
When I was growing up Monterrey was the only Mexican restaurant around, and it's still the only one I ever go to when I'm in Charlotte.
I got the lobster mac 'n' cheese, my dad ordered chicken, my sister got medium rare fish, my mom ordered a salad, and as sides we all ordered cream spinach and mashed potatoes with garlic.
If you replace the entries of , is unaffected.
There is a reason it took me so long to come here.......
It will be copied to the correct php.ini when UwAmp is restarted.
Now I can draw a rectangle by using mouse.
I asked if all the stuff be served on the side because I'm picky about coleslaw.
For State in service fabric, We can mock it by using a mock class which implements an interface for state.
Of course, login with password for different users, you can use file systems to store the data(but in encrypted format).
\nWhen we are in the mood for something vegetarian Monty's is a safe bet.\nI wouldn't really say I'm a fan but they do enough right to get 4 stars.
I could certainly tokenize and reconstruct the entire file in a script, but before I go down that path I was wondering if it is possible to use awk and/or sed for these kinds of conditional operations at the word-level?
\n\nTo those who don't know (I didn't before I went here!), Ethiopian food doesn't come with utensils, instead it's plated on this spongy bread which you break off and use to pick up the food.
If your restarted animation has a shorter distance to travel but the same time, it's going be a slower speed unless you also reduce the time proportionally.
Sweeping out memory wholesale is much faster than identifying individual objects to be deleted.
I'm talking mainly Asian stuff.) Also was the place I became addicted to redbox DVDs.\n\nI always enjoyed the festive events they have going on once in a while.
For more string conversion methods, .
The layout is great inside - a lot of tables, and outlets for the laptop users.
The only thing that comes to mind is to request the length up front by doing a separate with the method.
It let's in a nice breeze and makes the meal fantastic.\n\nTry this place, you won't regret it.
connection.txt ) Rename '.txt' to '.udl' Double-click the created connection.udl file Provide all the required connection details, hit 'Test connection' button If it works, hit 'OK' button, open the file with Notepad - connection string will be inside of your connection.udl file.
SQL Server 2008 Management Studio Snippets Is there a snippets feature in SQL Server 2008 Management Studio?
I'll go any chance I'm over this way.
Set the event to be non-signaled.
The images are fairly small and being loaded from the disk (sqlite db), not from a URL.
How to write a stored procedure in phpMyAdmin?
I hope this helps many people who are sitting there trying to figure out why their app is not auto laying out a tableView cell correctly.
How do I fix something like this?
There are some great pizza places in this City, and this is one of the best.
The current problem is due to your JSON based post.
This place has great tasting food.
Here is the solution: Simply, RESTART THE MACHINE !
I don't think it has to do with being in the tail on the arguments as it doesn't work when I switch around the function argument positions as well.
If you are supposed to get a JSON Object you can just put:
The problem is that If put that variable in a parameter of a function this "temporal parameter" will be destroyed at the end of the function...
I have tested the remaining two with n=18, h=11 and iters=10 .
This an example Help me, please!
I loved the Steeler fans we met there.
but it can get pricey too.
Anyone have any idea as to how to set this up?
There should be an entry labelled "Original filename".
Finally - a Pittsburgh restaurant with a decent outside patio!
I have seen this in few of sites like they have (?) when hover on it it shows some help text..How can i do this..
I really hope that Pegasus comes back because Pittsburgh needs it!
after it comes out of the oven it is sliced and heaped with more cheese and what ever topping you want.
Don't override but instead Don't set properties in method ie .
We come here a LOT and are usually quite happy.
I travel a lot for work and this hotel has the nicest staff of any hotel I've ever stayed in!
The whole appointment, plus medicine, plus taking out her stitches (for free) was $45.
My Second question is about newrootViewController.
I have a problem with my python script which I haven't been able to work out by myself.
Specific CSS Font Style quick question, I'm currently trying to style a font to resemble the letters pictured below.
Here are the source files which I barely changed from the WiX wizard generated code: --- Product.wxs --- --- Bundle.wxs ---
Thanks in advance for your help
they are nothing special.\n\nThe service was attentive with a snap of attitude.
A pic of our order: this point, we had eaten Vegetable Tempura, Miso Soup, Salad, and a variety of sushi and sashimi.
Source: Forum topic: An example is provided here: Shortened example
We got the mozzarella-stuffed meatball for our appetizer.
Our visit was to see the Phillies and get a taste of Pittsburgh.
I went in here for a regular annual eye-exam.
The drinks were good, strong & cheap.
What more can you ask?\n\nA buddy and I decided to explore the strip district one Saturday and found this gem of a coffee shop.
The provider class changed from to in new version of Hibernate check if this is solving your problem.
If you want to delete old users, just sort the results and delete the first/last one.
The food tasted amazing, and there were lots of local foods highlighted.
My favorite night was Tuesday nights - Ride the Rail, and yes I completed my rail card senior year.
For now the fully internationalized product is all english, but the coding is all done.
Table are a little close, but nothing too bad.\n\nThe food was very good, but not great.
My dad raves about this place and always encourages me to stop in.
I also had the fish and chips, which was pretty nice.
"std::array wants to behave like a c-array" is not how the standard describes behavior.
There were hopefuls milling about a bit to get down and place their name for a seating.
It was more than enough for Jim and I to share.
Our problem is that we need to log the HTTP response from the audit endpoint.
We checked out a few different options in the women's section and ended up scoring a great deal on a hooded zip from Patagonia.
However, there's one beast of a woman who enjoys berating people who aren't the fastest Mug Club pledges...
There were five of us and everyone got something different.
I love sub one hoagie house!
The range staff is knowledgeable and willing to help if you have a malfunction or an issue.
There is plenty of space between tables and such--you can take a date here and you should.\n\nThe food is excellent.
Then the determinant of the Q part is +/-1 (depending on whether you did an even or odd number of reflections) and the determinant of the R part is the product of the diagonal elements.
There, that's better.\n\nLet's take it in order.
I´m getting the following error when running the app: java.lang.Unsatisfiedlinkerror Couln´t load stlport_shared: find library returned NULL The thing is i have already add to my classpath the following JARS commons-codec.jar guava-r09.jar sqlcipher.jar In the instructions it says, u have to add 3 .os files into armeabi folder inside libs, but in my libs folder I only have android-suppor-v4.jar What do I have to do?
I've also had the crab cake sandwich which is pretty darned fantastic, too.
Your gallery will appear in the same order as it is in jQuery's selection.
I asked for it rare, and rare it came out!
Passing in the and params in the constructor will affect the SVG tag in the DOM.
You would then only have one time piece.
They have a good selection of beer and a giant outdoor bar area.
If presentation and flexibility then use the Python one, which I prefer personally.
Non smoking inside, but easy access to smoking outside.
Service was pleasant and quick considering there were two people immediately in front of me.
and just wanted to confirm with someone who knows more than me about this stuff that the problem here is definitely with my (shared) server and not an issue.
i have never eaten there food...
As a developer you should try your best to do as good work as you can, but in the end everyone is capable of only so much.
Either you will report explicitly the number of elements in the array yourself.
We were looking to pick up some Verismo pods and they didn't carry any the last time we were there.
\n\nYou won't regret popping in here as the owners take pride in their shop and keep it clean and all food fresh though note there is a $10 minimum for credit card.
It was pretty quiet, just us and a few other people around noon.
I had never heard of Alexander Michael's until a client recommended it.
I went to LaVecchia's for the first time EVER just a few weeks ago.
All were cooked to perfection except the lamb.
There was one night where a friend of my date called in ahead of time and ordered a bottle of wine for our table as a surprise.
Then you can just: Incidentally, while it may not be possible to open static classes in F# at the moment, this looks set to change in future versions - this feature has been "approved in principle".
\n\nMy only complaint was how overpriced breakfast was (the hotel bar was a bit overpriced, but not exceedingly so).
Likewise there's no option to change the frequency, so you'd need to resort to client side code for the hourly aggregation.
This restaurant was warm, inviting, and cozy.
\n\nTheir Chef's Choice program caters to people like me...Foodies, Home Cooks, and people just wanting to learn more about various forms of cooking.
: a function with a dataframe argument that creates your plot and returns nothing.
If you want to avoid references and you have control over your app.config files you could put an in your projects and access it with using ConfigurationManager along with its property AppSettings .
This file specifies properties of your application in XML format.
Unless intentional and required in deployment workflow, I would recommend turning if off via a flag.
the check out was fast and the clerk wrapped up my orchid so it would not be affected by the cold not something you would get at home depot when I bought one there.I will go back when its warmer to check out their plants since I want to start landscaping my new lawn.
If you just need a place to sleep you might want something less expensive (unless you can afford it).
The Villa Tap neighborhood bar looks as it hasn't changed in forty years.
I have several friends who do woodwork, so I enjoyed this exhibit very much.
This is the namespace where all the basic validations exist: ComonpentModel.DataAnnotations .
update a matplotlib figure from another class How can I update a matplotlib figure that is a child of a frame in another class in tkinter?
The Problem was the removes any untracked file from the current working tree.
I hope this might solve your problem.
I really wanted sushi as I had just had a baby and it had been a LONG time since I got that craving met.
We were hoping to grab a table but quickly found out they take reservations at those tables so we were moved to the main dining area once everyone arrived.
Croissants, muffins, and other baked goods top the breakfast list, while made-to-order paninis and delicious homemade soups round out the lunch menu.\n\nThe crowd at Enrico's is varied, which I really enjoy.
You haven't exactly defined how you want to use diagonal lines so you will have to write the final function as you need it, i suppose taking the path with shortest length of those that use diagonals, noting that path from a>c is shorter than path a>b>c for a,b,c in path
When doing a downgrade, there is one odd thing to keep in mind: that revises the install-date for packages to be the current date rather than a complete undo, by using the previous date.
Or do I need an alternative session provider?
Their motto says it all, \""little place, big flavors\"" or something like that.
It probably was helped that the night we were there, there was a party of 10+ next to us.
It was also a little chaotic because there were at least two other groups in the house while we were there (I'm impressed if they get that kind of visitation regularly).
I've found the menu to be exceptional for bar food, but I preface that massive amounts of alcohol make everything tastier.
Buffet closes at 9:30.\n\nThey didn't speak about, point to or even half heartedly gesture to the menu.
I also really like the kung pao tofu - the tofu has the perfect texture and crispness.
Not easy to find veggie dishes which don't feel like a compromise.
\n\nService is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.
How can I select a record based on its row number?
Pretty sure they have free wi-fi.
I put the params driver-memory 40G in the spark-submit,and Then solve it.
It should do graphics as well , but I have not tried it.
The tour guides -- free tours Sat through Thu at 1, 2, and 3pm -- are extremely knowledgeable and open to any and all questions.\n\nWe were just blown away by the rich history and beauty of the place plunked down in the middle of a rather ordinary corner of the North Side.\n\nIf you have guests in town looking for something out of the ordinary or if you've never been, it's well worth the schlep.
I believe it is their signature dish?
Each part is its own question but let me know if i am missing any.
For a large pho, it was $7-8.
Something nice to keep in mind as well is that they have free alterations on non-sale clothing....I had a pair of jeans done and they actually put the detailing around the bottom back on....AMAZING!
The closest thing to a New York Deli in this area.
Hadn't had a Wiener schnitzel since Vienna.
There is no option to directly assign php variables to javascript.
Segmentation fault in QHash I got the following crash in .
My sandwich was just filled with Boars Head ham, salami, cheese, delicious fresh tomatoes all on excellent toasted bread.
This is our favorite restaurant, bar none.
Pitaland is super clean, the employees are friendly and the food is the real deal.
They always tell me 40 minutes and then arrive in 15-20.
My soon-to-be-Mother-in-law loves the Dunhill, so we had an awesome dinner at Monticello the night she arrived.\n\nTo tell the truth, I was expecting the worst (Pasta Primavera with Roasted Red Pepper, I hate you).
If you really want to write a function to help you out, I'd approach it by porting and to C++03.
Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating.
How does the communication happen between the client and the server when in theory the client has no idea what port has been elected for this new connection?
SQL query: for each state with specific number of sailors I'm starting to learn to write SQL queries.
The plugin works the same as the Maven command line progam mvn.
In the Terminal: As an AppleScript: That's it.
What is the point of the &amp;?
The shop is Professional and clean, I highly \nRecommend.
But I want to do this in O(1).
A weird part is that in GCP, when I look at the monitoring of the backend service, the graph shows me requests per second only to one of the pools (even though the logs and cpu graphs from k8s show the other pool being hit as well).
Next time, I will get the mini size.
We sat at one of the small semi-circle booths....these are cute cause we can sit side by side and watch football.
Is there any Document Management Component (Commercial or Open Source) for .NET?
This one works for me ;-)
If it doesn't then use string[]* world (an array of array of strings is actually an array of pointers to an array of string) I hope this helps, my C++ is becoming increasingly rusty.
Download and unzip QT source Start a compiler shell (Visual Studio or mingw) Execute configure in the QT source directory - add a flag for static compile here execute make (Visual Studio nmake) Wait some hours depending on the speed of your machine
Udipi is ok for pure veg...
IIS throwig error when im refrencing a javascript file?
The actual calamari was good, but it was covered in some sauce similar to stir fry sauce.
The coleslaw isn't quite what I expected, so if you're a fan of creamy coleslaw, skip it.
(EDIT: CKoenig has a nice answer.) Hm, I didn't immediately see a way to do this either.
Then member would have the same address as .
How to send file from AJAX to remote FTP directly?
If any property or indexer implements both read- and write- functions, you'll need to define a read-write interface which includes read-write implementations of any such property or indexer; a slight nuisance, but IMHO worth the small additional effort.
I know its too late.But it will help some others.
and you could use the OpenNTF Domino API that has functions for exactly this.
I have: Two points (origin and destination).
EDIT: Is it possible to do to this in the xml file or does it has to defined dynamically in the java code?
\n\nThey looked at me, and told me that they appreciated my sentiment and apologize for the wait, but they would feel bad about giving me a crumby car.
You can have read/write/admin permission on a company.
I think partially the problem is a lot of reviews from bridezillas who didn't get their crazy expectations met.
Decide if data should be encrypted or hashed (storage/retrieval vs.
Even worse, depending on the use of that DLL by clients conjointly with other DLLs, the ''instable'' DLL API can break these client applications when system updates are installed (e.g.
using different search pathes for the headers): often the stubbed version wants to store different data some object may need to construct private subobjects in specific ways inline function may call other functions you don't really want to implement
Two separate and delicious family owned Italian grocery stores and countless amazing restaurants.\n\nGroceria Italiana is one of those quintessential corner stores that make you think of the way things may have been when your parents were young.\n\nIf you're one of those on the go-doing a million things at once types who rarely find the time to cook a meal, look no further than the hot food options they offer.
Everything has a twist and a funny name, so you're going to spend some time actually reading the menu.
It was great to see these were on sale this week.\n\nMostly I want to note that Molly M, the cashier, was really nice.
Being there for a week, it would have been nice to have more to hang my pressed work clothes on.
\n\nThey are absolutely not prepared to receive English speakers curious about Buddhism.
Salty and not at all like what you would expect.
Couple that with the fact that much of Bar-B-Q King's food isn't ideal for car eating, and the experience is not necessarily the best, though I can't really fault Bar-B-Q King for that, I suppose.
Wind_locations.csv , the data frame has a column called 'CH'.
You're logging in by Windows Authentication.
For example: I'm also aware of an update trigger timing problem here, because I don't know the sequence the updates will be triggered: Wavelength is being changed That triggers an updated of both dependent entities: frequency and energy But energy needs frequency to be updated so that energy has the value fitting to the new wavelength!
Since you have a template that you are using that does have rows you will need to do a lot more work in order to add a row in the middle of your worksheet.
Very quickly stuff like clustering and sharding was added, so not all data has to be available everywhere at once at every single node in the cluster, but can be gathered on demand.
Wouldn't be great to use and give me the day?
Went back to the C/U this past weekend to visit old friends and haunts, and we returned to Carmon's for our post night out breakfast/brunch on Sunday.
Maybe I should tell you that it's not the bottom else but it's the top one which doesn't work.
I think their grilled chicken is the best anywhere.
Diner food is what's up and I like it.
If you don't already know this, Irish Pubs are known equally as well for their booze (ales, whiskey, and lager!) as they are for their \""pub food.\"" I award 5 stars to Ri Ra for exemplifying the latter quality in its lunch menu.
Below is the main error msg Input path does not exist: file:/C:/Users/subho/Desktop/code-master/simple-spark-project/src/test/resources/demo.text I have the file in the below location.
onCreate() and variables the Imageview click class the logcat
My family has been ordering carry out from here for at least 10 years.
It specifies the result (typed) object.
I'm having trouble selecting the correct items from the objects' subcollections.
As a convention, append Activity at the end of the class name to indicate that it is indeed an Activity, for instance, SignUpActivity.
I will definitely go back for the good and the jazz.
Profiling the queries on my production machine (Heroku + Crane production database) showed the subquery solution to be 95% faster !
It just won't display the GUI, and also won't perform the desired operation.
Maybe there are some hooks I didn't know (this is my first plugin).
PHP image generator caching I have a script that takes an image and generates a resized version.
In your case 'heroku' seems to be a reference to your production server.
When the gentleman left, I was looking over my bill and thought it seemed really high.
So I try to do that using some modification on eclipse.ini file.
Warning: mysqli_real_connect() [function.mysqli-real-connect]: SSL operation failed with code 1.
However, when they tried to remove it , they noticed In some cases (tables and layouts) the behavior is different from and the former works as expected.
We came downtown on a Sunday afternon before a show looking for cocktails, seemingly this was the only place open on a Sunday.
It's easy to accidentally use extra features.
I don't hit up too many late night spots these days.
Use the as normal but then specify your abstract class as the .
This shouldn't be a problem as it's more than likely you're storing these dynamic pages in a database and as such the URI should be stored within the database as well.
It doesn't seem to work now however.
So it takes the hidden video and moves it next to the 250 pixels version.
It was the only slight disappointment in our group's evening.
PHP Conditional -- Only Display if a String Has Any Value?
It loads sql database on my pc with this connection string: but, my Database data doesn't load in another pc!
I'm not sure Cargo does provide anything to configure Mail-Sessions.
Very unique and a definite perk of coming here.
That just sounds like it's copying the environment by value, rather than by reference.
The food I did see that patrons ordered looked palatable, so on my next visit I might give it a try.
Design using composition and interfaces in Java I designed the following for a problem: Animal, HornedAnimal and TailedAnimal are used mainly as data models.
Comparing values in a stl list<> that is populated with a class I've been playing around with my code, trying to better it and im stuck a this part.
Everyone walking in knew what they wanted and how to order.
What you might do is pointing to your class e.g.
I exposed the method which can be used to check if a given date is between the start and finish points, since that's the sort of thing people like to do with date ranges.
For instance, park farther away instead of circling the GD parking lot for the closest spot!!!
AHhhhhh no wonder people here are so round.
This is useful in the rare case where a key has no name and produces no visible character when pressed.
We did not have to wait long for a Friday night and the service was excellent.
The classes are and but making an and class in my stylesheet isn't affecting them.
PLACE.\n\nFirst...I'm a fan of new agey type places and the people that inhabit them.
Great as usual service was outstanding, a bit loud and especially the table across from us.
Wrap columns in rows using Angular Edited to include angular code (for illustration purposes only) I've been trying to find away in AngularJS to auto wrap columns in rows after n columns whilst not affecting the index.
The name "Snowball" is a tribute to the SNOBOL programming language.
Most recently we came for my sisters birthday.
The hot dogs are just typical size and aren't super fat or foot longs.\n\nThe staff:\n- They are overworked but they are nice.\n- One of the girls was cooking and had no hair cover, so I could easily see hair going in food.
add Account(settings) method doesn't start Activity I want to create custom app account in settings.
The following are two code snippets.
Something unbelievable happens: I apply the template to a new page, make the modifications, save it, load it into the wamp server, switch between the navigation links, test the lightbox, it works!
Just have fun eating some really good food that tastes like someone cares.
Pittsburgh has a woeful dearth of good restaurants...I'll try not to go on too much about that in my reviews, as I don't want your eyes to glaze over...so this is a destination restaurant for us.
//Use printf to print your variable printf("float pi = %f", pi); printf("char my_char = \'%c\'", my_char); printf("double big_pi=%f", big_pi);
You have bright lights and posters of your favorite 80's actors, you have a humongo rubik's cube and Fast Times at Ridgemont High playing.
It came with a salad that filled any remaining space on the plate not taken up by the burger.
Taking a step into Klavon's is like taking a step back in time.
How can there be no reviews of Max's Allegheny?
Open a command prompt and place yourself in the root ( google-breakpad-read-only if you're going by the instructions ).
The green div is a trick, and is lowered 170px.
i've had great irish nachos and i've had terrible irish nachos there.
What is the reason for this?
Check the mkmf.log file for more details.
Bloomfield has so many good places but in my book, Lot 17 stands above the typical bar and restaurant there.
They also tell you the story of the north side of Pittsburgh, which I also found interesting.
As stated in the , the method was removed: Removed MKAnnotation.setCoordinate(CLLocationCoordinate2D) Fortunately, you must now use the simpler assignment syntax (which was already available in previous versions of Swift and the same could be done in Objective-C):
app.js SomeService.js app.run.js Always wrap your angular code within IIFE it wraps everything in closure and prevents leaks as well as provides a layer of security.
I almost always get this item with the veggie of the day, sliced tomatoes or sliced cucumbers.
so I decide to create my own wait function because Unity doesn't have Sleep function...
They tasted a lot like burgers and cheese curds.
I think I caught Dr Tom when he was practically fresh out of vet school (3 dogs ago for me).
Some may love the cheese but I, like Darren, found it overwhelming.
And how are you suppose to deal with this?
The food is really pretty inexpensive, so 10-20% for a table of two would usually only amount to about $2-4, so my advice is tip the waitresses well - they really deserve it!
The quality and consistency is excellent.
The staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.
In cases like this may be better off using something like HTML::Parser or XML::Simple which I'm more familiar with, but doesn't necessarily work with poorly formatted HTML.
I'm a total Haskell nube and this is a shot in the dark, but couldn't you use hscolour to output the code as HTML and then do something along the lines of cabal haddock --executables --hyperlink-source to include the colorized HTML?
Plus, go ahead and ask for your check in advance since they seem to batch all the checks and you'll wait for that as well.\n\nOn the positive, the food was delicious, definitely worth it for the portions, but I think I would come back more often if it was a dollar or two less per dish.
drooling on my tie.\n\nBojangles is our local phenomenon, started in a little restaurant in South Charlotte.
What might be a solution to fixing the correct showing of text in textfields?
Than it was covered in a red wine sauce with mushrooms that was savory to say the least.
I have called ahead, and booked through the reservations line - and this is the only complaint I have.
Nonetheless food is great, this place is def worth checking out.
jar built with jwrapper doesn't work jwrapper manipulates application jars somehow, and is resulting in a non-functioning jar: at runtime it throws a "MyClass cannot be cast to MyClass" type error.
If had not been extended to conform to protocol , the subsequent code in the example you linked would case compile time error ( ) However, there is a possible issue with this method, as presented in your link: Now we have to implement every parameter every time we want to present an ErrorView.
How to avoid Pylint warnings for constructor of inherited class in Python 3?
Would someone please mind explaing if it's possible to achieve this.
please don't, I am already well aware :p
(But who doesn't like bagels?) But I find this particular Bruegger's to be exceptional.
But you need to do an p4 integrate to get the files over.
It was a little bit pricey, but I think it was well worth it.
\nThe food really lives up to its record-setting reputation.
A few other couples waiting to purchase tickets outside.
Although these two side dishes could have knocked their score to four stars, the fries and mac and cheese definitely make up for it.
I had a Chicago-style dog with bacon, and fries to go, for around $6.
If redrawing the graphic is the intention, then it would be necessary to discuss how you are generating the graphic in order to diagnose the problem.
According to the specs at The form owner must exist in order to be set to an element.
Since you are showing the child form as a dialog, and the parent form doesn't need it until the form as closed, all you need to do is add a property with a public getter and private setter to the child form, set the value in the child form whenever it's appropriate, and then read the value from the main form after the call to .
Ever.\n\nStick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
I wonder if I could buy that one?\nEnjoy the coffee.
It's nice to have an easy, fun, casual place to get some good eats and a nice beer.
D's is the 'it' place for Pittsburgh...
Making a left out of the parking lot is pretty difficult.
How to retrieve function name from function address using link register (like backtrace_symbol) in linux I want to write c program (like backtrace) I am getting the address of functions but I don't know how to convert those address to symbols (function name ).
\n\nIt's a nice area to walk around, and they also have many pub crawls and festivals.
Then just replace, its working for me: Works like a charm.
Only downside of this place is a limited food and pastry selection.
The food here was absolute perfection; each bite was perfectly orchestrated to deliver optimal flavor and enjoyment.
It was a bit out of the way of where we were staying, but I was swayed by the Yelp reviews!
Note that many other input operations return a special value on end of stream rather than throwing an exception.
I don't want ironic metal on the jukebox or $8 flirtinis.
Since the if statements are basically the same, with the only thing that changes being the letter "a" or "b" and being sent to either destA or destb (desitinations), how can I trim this code down?
Pretty quick to get in and out, terminals are easy to navigate, and there's a decent amount of food options.
Though there is little bit loud, food here are really awesome.
The perfect inexpensive diner experience - even though it's a small place, we have been there several times and have never had to wait to sit (including a weekend morning).
I'm marking things out that I'd need to discuss with you further...
\n\nThis Panera is rather loud and always busy.
If you don't know what you're looking for, or how to fix it, Gerry will help you.
I'll do something like: But I want a variable containing the count of the number of parts like any other field, something like: to ultimately do something like: I can't wrap my head around the Django documentation - There is a some stuff going on with in the example, but doesn't explain where came from or how it was defined.
My Angular2 app is using ng2-translate module and 'en.json' file contains translation.
Also as mentioned by Zhenya in the comments mentions the parameters to of and or p
I'm using in the above to capture any request ( , , etc), you might want to limit this to a subset of those or only , that's up to you.
Later I want to copy a new standalone.xml, start the server, run the integration test and stop the server.
Let's assume your form had only one text field, i.e., .
It's a lot of math and testing and tweaking, but it does allow you to get what users would consider better results than simple data from the sensor provides.
If you want all rows from all tables use UNION ALL.
XSL refers to a family of W3C recommendations related to XML transformation and presentation: XSLT : A language for transforming XML documents.
If it is an array, will be the number of elements in the array and you could get the error that you are getting.
Lua cannot magically give the original arguments new values.
This is by far one of my favorite live music venues in the Queen City.\nWhat I love most is you can sit or stand and see the entire stage even being short like myself.
untested I'm thinking the correlated subquery will generate a result set for each customer, but I'm not positive about that.
Also they have changed some major changes so Owin the way it support in ASP.net MVC 5 will not support same way.
The lunch combo are a deal.
A bit pricey for delivery, but after you have a bite you'll know why.
Here is what I am trying to do: 1) Loop through a series of UISwitches and if they are 'switched on', add a string to the NSMutableArray 2) Assign this mutable array to another array in another method Any help much appreciated, Andy And for some code...
I am never disappointed when I leave, only when I can't go!
The chicken tenders were different but the two sauces it came with, barbque and mustard, were on point.
We ate in the upstairs wine bar.
As I say I vote with my feet and my USD, and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash, will continue to flow at Joe's and my feet will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not!!
It's located in a great location uptown and the service was great!
\n\nWe started with the pate appetizer, which came with cornichons, sweet onion relish, old-style mustard, and baguette: no complaints, it was very tasty.
How have I never even heard of Legends?
Please let me know if you want more info.
The chocolate chip banana pancakes are heavenly!!
I've been craving their sashimi for weeks!
And you also need to use single quotes for your array elements as you are already using the double quotes for the attributes, or at least escape it in the attributes.
Used the drive through....service was fast and order was not messed up.
I have triggered an ajax request when a value is stored in to the variable fieldCSV, bt this is nt working as the file that gets downloaded prints the php error inside it instead of csv..
Then, the animated rectangle has to stay there for the next 100 frames (without any animation).
I'm sorry to say, but a Whiskey Old Fashioned Sour should *not* include half-of-an-orange as garnish.
Making an Alarm Clock with multiple alarm times I am trying to make a programmable alarm clock.
I'll be going back for sure.
While downstairs isn't always open when it is try and get a seat down there, it is beautiful and quiet.
It's not clear what the following line returns, but this should be the iterable data your template will be used to display.
If not, well, I certainly can extract that header fro the precompiled header.
Does anyone know how to do this or have any ideas of what I could do?
And then called a method to move data as needed.
There are even some higher end boutique-ey stores like Costa etc.
They take your order quickly at Page and your order will actually be up impressively fast for the amount of people ordering thanks to Page Dairy Mart's army of ice cream servers on staff.
This is one of those local hidden gems.
A few observations:\n Drinks: My martini and cosmopolitans were delicious.
Based on my understanding, Navigation with ScopedRegions would not be a straight forward feature of Prism .
Service was friendly and helpful.\nDinning room...all the tables were dirty.\nFood better than the normal burger chain so understand the slightly higher price.\nWill come back
PEAR and absolute paths In it's stated that PEAR doesn't use absolute paths so people can overwrite select PEAR libs with their own.
It does not provide it at the level of save points.
Very sexy.\n\nAs we drank our beers, we decided to arm wrestle.
(Also would a datacontract be faster than LINQ to JSON?) Alternatively I could use XML or the full .net 4 framework, but I'm hoping that this can be avoided.
Thanks Based on , I found the following solution, which gives me the desired result.
\n\nWhen you walk into a place it looks like some cafeteria/game room that survived a tornado.
In another words, Tock Bundle depends on the Tick Bundle.
The common kivy "Image" class offers the loading of a file into an image.
Expect an hour wait as they do not take reservations.
The first time I came to 007 I walked in, sat right down and had an awesome spa pedicure at a really reasonable price!
This restaurant is nestled in a little shopping center, but don't let the locale deceive you.
Why not try wrapping your collection in an object (which acts as a service state) to allow binding to occur on the object, rather than by exposing functions.
The dishes are original and creative, not like anything one can find elsewhere.
They also have an extensive wine list, and a nice bar area.
Switching to Oracle jdk will probably fix your issue.
Give your class an attribute, which is a two-tuple, e.g.
To understand why these kind of operations seem non-trivial in NoSQL implementations, it's good to think about why NoSQL exists (and has become very popular) at all.
in case you needed that information.
A Google User's profile picture defaults to I want to check to see if a user has updaed their picture to something besides their default based on the URL for the image.
For a store, I can list the brands that they carry.
Also, we NEED to talk about the bathrooms...they have bathroom attendants here.
Now, we simply need to make a few modifications to our skeleton code: Here's what this simple code does.
I've had breakfast and dinner here and it has always been good.
If you like catfish, get the fried catfish plate!
You can have both, either, or none, depending how you call a program (and what that program expects): Both: Just stdin: Just positional paramters: Neither:
Fix was using on the progress bar text
When the saves an XML element with the default encoding that is used is .
If you live nearby, or ever stop nearby for cheap gas, take a quick side trip and stock up!
If you like fresh, good, normal food check out the Brunch at Fitzgerald's.
Everyone in our party of 3 thoroughly enjoyed their meal.
Don't get fooled by by Marriott location.
Swtiching to one of them will help Revoke authorizations, disable usb debugging and then enable
We enjoyed that they are one of the hibachi places that actually uses the ginger sauce on the side to dip with.
Place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast.
Cool people -- members keep to themselves dont try to interfere with your workout with chit chat I LOVE THIS !!
This is a must have stop in our lunch rotation.\nOn the healthier side, they have an apple blue cheese salad that is AWESOME.
The last line in your loop is the one that dereferences correctly.
Long Answer Edit the Source Code The only way to actually change the list, which is also the hardest option, would be to edit the source code and compile your own Apache Module.
Sat at the bar - busy spot - they have lots of take out orders.\nBartender do an ok job keeping up.\nSalad was delish!
And declare the global variable next_page as a str instead of list .
If you get there early, you won't even have to pay a cover.
Then why we create extra overhead to creating all instance?
Additionally, the documentation of the format codes is available in the AutoCAD documentation .
Got it working, when I renamed the id, I forgot to rename the digarm element with the new id.
Is there anyway that I can bypass this?
The chai milkshakes are amazing, as are all of their drinks.
The menu is extensive and has many different options of Thai and Chinese dishes.
location but they have abandoned Bento Box since they have moved to Colony Road location.
They were fall off the bone and had that pink smoke ring on the inside.
However, one of the sites the kiosk must visit requires the user to log in temporarily, and for some reason the on-screen keyboard disappears whenever the user clicks in the password field.
You can do it in single line...
They have changed the salsa twice and it still sucks.
We also like read more \"" the 5pm mass, as the guitarist plays and sings the traditional hymns are played :)
Quite a few systems have a function in their standard C libraries that does exactly what you do here: allocate and .
Why does the raw method parameter of the sortedCopy-Method have any effect on the generic type of the return value?
That way you only need to use the Google APIs Client Library for PHP and not any third party tool.
Once you know more about the consequences of changing the architecture, you can consider what to do: If practical, you can submit a proposed change to the system.
Has anyone ever seen the movie 'Nothing But Trouble'?
\n\nBut your eyes will adjust and you will be fine after you grab a Guinnes or a cider.
It had no kick back later or the next day.
Calling it in seemed to be a pretty good option and one that was utilized alot while we were there!\n\nStarting off with crab ragoons and asian fresh rolls, we shared and IMO the crab ragoons really shone about and beyond.
delicate and fluffy jussssssst the way i like 'em!
\n\nDespite the fact that it was restaurant week in Charlotte and the Waldhorn had an impressive Queen's Feast (4 courses), we decided to order from the regular menu.
I've tried a GET, and that works.
Not only that, but any callbacks from the LocationManager to that thread are unlikely to be processed as the background thread is likely to be killed when onHandleIntent is finished.
so I'm guessing my gradle.build files are causing a problem?
It came out sizzling in butter.
Nested functions are useful but take care.
You should do the following: Move storyboards into resources, enabling you to access them from code behind.
Been watching too much Top Chef/Chopped/Hell's Kitchen/Cooking Channel .....
jquery DataTable function options are not working I want to change some settings of my table with DataTable function, but the arguments are not having any effect on the table whatsoever.
But I find that using a USB hub does not change how the operating system treats the two devices as distinct.
I have gone and have had great service where my food is ready and brought out immediately and there have been times where I have sat and waited a bit too long.
You will need to marshall the call to the handler on the thread as below.
The prices are a bit more than what one should pay for standard fare.
Django relations model exposes (and documents) only OneToOneField , ForeignKey and ManyToManyField , which corresponds to the inner OneToOneField -> OneToOneRel ForeignKey -> ManyToOneRel ManyToManyField -> ManyToManyRel See source of django.db.models.fields.related for further details.
This place is a gem for anyone that wants authentic, amazing food at a ridiculous price.
This makes for a great combination of perfectly melted chocolate chips and hard chocolate chips on top that melt in your mouth.\n\nAlso another favorite of mine is the ham and cheese omelet.
Would either of these work ?
I don't really know how to proceed, can you help me?
I am using .Net and c# for development.I am using Excel 2007 , MongoDB 3.2 and visual studio 2015 version.
The guys who work and garden....
It's in the ghetto, but if you don't mind people being loud and yelling across the restaurant, this is one of the better Waffle Houses I've been to, and I've been to many throughout the south east.
I've also added and pushed each name through into a container array for referencing later.
DBus: Performance improvement practices What are some good practices to obtain better time performance in applications that heavily utilize DBus ?
Great place to see a band.
I do not understand why writing a would not work, but have you considered ?
If you don't mind walking a bit, the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.\n\nThe only downside I can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.
After a quick run down of restaurant times, hotel updates and the fitness room location, I was on my way to my room.
Dealing with the rate of change in software development I am primarily a .NET developer, and in that sphere alone there are at any given time probably close to a dozen fascinating emerging technologies, some of them real game-changers, that I would love to delve into.
Any help turning this simple SQL statement into a LINQ express would be appreciated.
Use object from DLL instead of WebProxy in amsx web service I have a solution with two projects in VS2012.
ThirdClass as an association relation ship with Widget class, 1.*.
What I'm thinking here is in use something like this: When match starts a method on the node server is called to create an element on a matches array with the id of the match and the initial player.
Should be as simple as Please somebody correct me if I am wrong about this.
I usually don't like spinach, but the bite I had was nice and feta/mushroom-y.
That is to say; how can pick up as when I inherit it?
With PowerMock you can cause it to return a mock from the call to the constructor.
It isn't cleared when starting the next iteration, so pragmatically, you're using the same variable and overwriting it.
DTD is the definition of you xml structure.
(But personally I would also call it in this case.)
\n- Service: wait staff knew their dishes and explained them in detail\n\nLowlights: \n- Not on opentable.com: my preferred way to make reservations and usually just go to places that have that option.
A simple example: will hoist at the top and the result will be JSFiddle
My only qualm would be that the hostess was aloof and unconcerned.
I'm actually deducting the star because their veggie dog was pretty damn terrible.
The decorating is simple, yet beautiful, with large white columns, soft romantic lighting and a big brass chandelier over the main dining area.
I look forward to a return to this place.
Well this week my friends I will tell you that because of Eons, Shadyside will be spewed upon all my friends and anyone that comes my way asking where they should go to shop.\n\nI must say, I hesitated at the door for a bit, mentally prepping myself to enter this store.
Here is an example of a custom directive that adds jQuery functionality to Vue:
You can do this with Content Taxonomy 's Content Taxonomy Options module.
By the time we were done we had no room for the amazing looking cheesecake.
Wonderful surprise in the South Hills desert of chain eateries.
\n\nAfter your tips are dried, I recommend a snack and glass of wine at Beaudevin.
My was changed to use the account.
Nothing trendy, just reliable Chinese dishes.
Range looked fine and the range balls were some of the better I've seen around.
After following strict guidelines, the theatre was restored to its original grandeur in the 1980s.
COBOL to MSSQL table creation We are trying data load to SQL server.
He said it was tasty and he would order it again.
But that's part of the deal, I think, when you go to a salon like this.
Nothing to slow it down or quiet it as it slams.
once said, they have nothing else going for them but their food.
to do so I've set a series of cache control headers using Response.AppendHeader e.g.
Any art opening should have wine, people.
I've always received outstanding customer service and found the staff to go out of their way to find a solution for me.
Use something like async.whilst for this: Now the loop is wrapped with a "callback" which is called in itself within the callback to the update method.
I walked in there and this place is HUGE!
Our waiter, James, was unobtrusively attentive and poured us multiple glasses of wine on the house.
Five stars for being the fastest fast food place I have ever been to.
Sorry I'm trying to understand LINQ
But as you popup outside of your loop after popup vi will be stopped.
Everything above the declaration is visible to the subroutines below the : The output would be This works with arrays as well.
This requirement is already catered for by the branch_id column.
\n\nThey also prepared an entire table of desserts which included pecan pie, tiramsu, pumpkin pie, assorted brownies, cheesecake pops, and a few other things.
When I've omited , I got this error...
Then use this arraylist to generate the data.
However this approach ought to point you in the right direction as to using relative positioning.
I'm working on a project that includes BeagleBoneBlack and web server written in NodeJs.
Still, you can't really go wrong with any of the combinations.\n\nI came back to State College and tried the new crepe shop in town, and it sucked.
here is my code: in the xml i have: in the strings file i have: in my java file i have:
The only downside is that each terminal has different food, so it may be a long walk, depending on where you are flying.
I have tried calling the div in this way But its not working.
Adding an entity to the context Why is this simple add not working!
I even went with high expectations since it was ranked Charlotte's #1 restaurant according to one website.
That's a COM error code that wraps the Win32 error code, .
Tullock automotive has not disappointed us.
The food was great as was the service.
The last 4-5 times I went to Barns n Nobel at east town and found a book I wanted, I decided to check to see if they had it at half price books, and THEY DID!
This is my first time visiting Charlotte.
He'll get an order of brick or some other stinky cheese before heading south and they'll give it a couple extra dips in wax to help it travel better.
I am a big fan of Max;;s for their local flair, real German food, and authentic Pittsburgh feeling.
Hail to the Orange,\nHail to the Blue,\nHail Alma Mater,\nEver so true!\nWe love no other\nSo let our motto be\nVictory, Illinoisssssssssssssss!
Boostrap Popover error: Uncaught TypeError: undefined is not a function I am getting a Uncaught TypeError: undefined is not a function on one page of my site.
My caesar had pine nuts on it.
This Marriott is in a great location if you have business in downtown Charlotte and they have done a good job of keeping it up to date and providing value for the money.
\n\nD&D also serves a pretty decadent breakfast.
Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night!
Aside from their vast selection of high alcohol drinks they have a pretty decent selection of unique beers and all of the standards you would hope to find at a distributor.
They taste moderately of beer, the true hallmark of excellent rings.
Scalar values and arrays are assigned by value, unless the prefix is used, and objects are always assigned by reference ( as of PHP 5 ).
Encode/Decode (Encrypt/Decrypt) datetime var in vb6 I want to encode a datetime var into a 8-byte alphanumeric string that can be decoded later.
Other menu highlights include, any of the soft tacos, nachos bell grande, seven-layer nachos, chick/steak burrito supreme, seven-layer crunch wrap supreme, and the pintos and cheese.
Among the best restaurants in Chambanavoy (I know that's not saying a whole lot, but still!)\n\nTapas is an awesome concept, and Luna does it well.
And, in the end, I reference this method, because I call it in main.cpp and despite this compiler warning, this method works if I compile and link all files and execute the program: If I do define the Cancel() function as inline (you see it as out commented code in AbstractClass.h), then I don't get the compiler warning.
I don't want to do DOM manipulation with .
The hotel was clean and well kept.
So in order to decode our original digit back we have to do
I'm guessing that the while loop could also be written like this:
Error on `it-1` with set iterator In following code I can not recognize difference between , and .
I left it there while I went to work.
We will go back again and again and again...
I've been using Gulp and Rollup, but the SCSS/Chunking along side of the tree shaking is a nice thing.
2) While the remaining array is not over - add values from it.
" -- " is transformed into an em-dash .
Awesome Dinos and terrific tour guides.
My kids love to make custom sandwiches at the sandwich bar.
Nowadays there are excellent Python libs that do this for you - urllib3 and requests
All the meat I've had there has been top quality and the beef isn't stringy like at so many other places.
Warm and personable, the Waldhorn offers a cozy atmosphere to drink some quality beer on tap.
I was also impressed by their chandelier selection and will definitely visit again to shop.
(from \""WKRP in Cincinnati\"" )\n\nI hope to stop in again soon .
Chang's to eat before coming here, but the Eat & Play deal looked fun.
On the other hand, if we use : So that's proof of the previous assertions: and do in fact not do the same things.
This is the init function where the triangles are created: And the very simple draw: But as said, nothing is drawn.
delicious and came with a risotto that was amazing.
Just check once if it is only \037 or ,\037 in delimiter.
vuforia SDK for an IBM MobileFirst I need to implement a few vuforia functionalities in an IBM MobileFirst existing project.
Super crispy exterior and moist fluffy inside - it's a piece of art.
I would be thankful for any help/hint...
The collared greens are the best I've ever had!
They are always very friendly, honest and low-key, not pushy salespeople at all.
I'm also using ES6 System.import for chunking (just as a note).
\n\nI went to two bridal stores in Pittsburgh looking for my gown and was planning to visit two more in DC (my former residence) if I couldn't find anything locally.
They host a number of authors doing discussions and signings from what I can see on their calendar (bummed I missed Chelsea Handler though) No, they don't have the selection of the huge bookstores or all the glitz and glitter but I feel a little better knowing that my money is going to the local economy to keep it running.
These subprograms (functions and procedures) are probably not what you want them to be: they are declared within the package, but do not reference the type at all.
I would not be upset if I had a layover here in the future.
The cheese blend is really good.
basically it will be about 50-200 items.
Source control (a good one, do not , I repeat, DO NOT use Visual Source Safe), feature/debug tracking and quiet working conditions will get you more than halfway, are cheap or free and are easy to introduce.
\n\nI didn't try the food but my friend ordered the Tuna appetizer and she said she loved it just wished the portions were a little better.
Had a really great time :)
The mezquite grilled pork was/is phenomenal.
Visually, it looked appealing, with lots of cheese and crunchy onions on top, but once you pulled the cheese back, it was a bowlful of bread cubes soaked in broth.
rendering partial using jquery in js.erb file giving error.
I believe the advice was to delete the view on which the timeline is based.
The drinks were all very interesting as well.
The quality of the food is very good, but the kitchen tends to be slow so bring a friend/book/deck of cards, and the serving sizes are somewhat inconsistent.
They are probably using three20's control or they might of made their own version of it More info:
The salad definitely would have been more enjoyable for me without it (I don't eat cheese) but it was a nice size salad for the cost.
Good ole southern food\n MOST of the staff is awesome its like seeing an old friend with a famaliar face..
I have a database but I still can't get into the "welcome" part.
I really wish I had gotten a dessert to go and eaten it later, though.
If you're doing this for a class, simply follow the rules given in the text book and crank out the answer.
So at the end I would have the following text: Trying it in php with and , but no real clue yet how I could start.
Of course the other thing I noticed was the smell of fresh breads being baked, so many flavors, so little time.
Link on my website to facebook message a page I would like to embed a link that will open site visitor's browser with their facebook account in "New Message" writing mode with the "to:" field already pointing to my Facebook page.
Use Cases Each storage option has typically associated use cases as follows: Shared Preferences - Used for app preferences, keys, and session information.
\nThat said, when I saw my opportunity to visit the Olbrich Botanical Garden when passing through the Madison area, I needed to make a stop and take full advantage of the adventure.
So I downloaded the fresh tar file of spark 1.5.2 and reinstall spark and now it works properly.
It is a healthy, filling meal that is over the top delicious.
It had just the right amount of spice, hot enough to open up my blocked sinuses, but not overly spicy.
I want to make it so that my buttons change size based on the text inside them.
Get one and talk like a Yinzer for a complete experience.\n\nThe Market Square location is just as good as the original in the Strip.
How come it won't change at all regardless of how I'm trying to change it?
I think that instead of making customers wait, they should just open the restaurant later, but whatever.\n\nWe walked downstairs and got in line at the register.
In the activity, I have a semi intelligent code that translates the android keycode into the ascii code processable by my server and sends it: But when I press the Enter key, it's not sending (I've tried the Jelly Bean Default and Hacker's Keyboard).
As far as validation is concerned you could set it like this:
As in any method call, it just a question of what happens where.
Get the query text of your view.
SQLite uses a more general dynamic type system.
Like the waiter and waitress there
Simple example of CALayers in an NSView I am trying to add several CALayers to an NSView but my view remains empty when shown: Here is my code: } DO have any idea (or example of code) to perform this task?
For Interactive GC analysis try the log with Option 2 : Collect Heap dump and user event and load it in Write OQL(Object Query language) on OQL section select * from package(s).classname and click on !
I looked at the body of the query and it emitted the following code: I am pretty sure that I should be able to construct the a new entity because I wrote this line explicitly as a test to see if this could be done: This worked, but I need to construct the select dynamically.
Every dish has a beautiful palate of vegetables.
We were in for brunch on Sunday.
you have to type a lot of repeating, boring code yourself EnterpriseLibrary.Data is a layer on top of ADO.NET which simplifies common tasks by handling some of the repetitive code for you.
They also did a good job of picking things that were clearly within the style I was looking for, as well as some a little out of the box, but not too far, which they wanted me to take a shot at.
Try this for example: Course class: Student class:
There must be something I'm not understanding about table styling...
This exception is later swallowed in here The issue seems to be something very simple like authentication or a parameter.
I came up with a similar solution, here's the general gist.
If you do it via string manipulation, I would suggest stripping the square brackets and replace the comma followed by space by a pipe , then use for regex.
What may be wrong with our code?
For example in the first approach If I want to find my pending connections(i.e connection request sent or receieved) I have to use my pending list plus the list of user ids which as user objects contain me in their pending list.
Using RegularExpressionValidator how can I check whether a textBox includes either an at (@) or a hyphen (-)?
With nail salons, I usually experience friendly, but not great work or excellent work and not too friendly or a little bit of both , but not a great atmosphere!
The pea pur\u00e9e was super tasty as was everything they put together.
i'm having the same issues EDIT: this delay is only experienced when debugging on the phone.
The atmosphere was great for the young crowd to hang out.
I haven't used it heavily but it was fun and you get a feel for programming.
The key is that any s with the class of be removed.
If not, then it's probably an issue with an existing package that fetches date without timezone and you can patch the package, ignore the warning or set USE_TZ to False.
\n\nThe flowers were all beautifully packaged and well labeled, as well, which made it easy for the folks setting up the morning of.
All of the employees we talked to were very helpful.
This is what my test server block looks like: This is what my real site server block looks like:
There's a section that reads: If you're using pip to install packages (and I can't see why you wouldn't), you can get both virtualenv and virtualenvwrapper by simply installing the latter.
This is where D's comes in.
I was able to come in, pick out 3 tops that were really nice when they were clearly really busy and they got me a dressing room within seconds upstairs in the mens department.
Yes, the special of the day is usually a FUTO maki extraordinaire.
Writing portable OpenGL code isn't as straightforward as you might like.
The contains an where I populate it with (in future I will connect it to a database).
at least not in the code you are showing.
The following command seems to be equivalent: producing:
I'm building some applications which link agains the libraries.
Bored at night at the Double Tree near the bus station in Charlotte I needed a better place to hang out.
Yummmm it is probably the best hoagie in the burgh, no jokes.\n\nThe pizza i grew to, and i assume that some people have to do the same.
See here for workarounds: I also had this issue, and could fix it by using the other version of .otherwise which takes a function: replace: with:
I need to grant select command on a table to a user which is from different host.
Just this : When this transformation is applied on the provided XML document: the wanted, correct result is produced :
Once entered into the first cell correctly, they can be filled or copied down or right just like any other formula.
No frills, down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends.
Something like this: Provide more information based on what you are actually trying to do.
But there can be many nested levels.
I've added these headers to the Page_Load() of the page and it works fine?
\n\nIf you're a regular climber and are looking for the killer workout a couple times a week, you'll look far past the coin it will cost you to join and maintain a membership.
Our little group, which inlcuded the parents(yeah i still get free food) went to the Market Square location.
Don't worry, though, usually the line isn't actually long at all.
Therefore, the code may be like the below.
I want to have different errors reported for null and conversion error.
Now assuming you are using the storm's KafkaSpout implementation, there is a config called which is used .
They brought a keg of yet another New Belgium beer - the Ranger IPA.
Take the substring from the place where DS occurs using the function substr, and get the data out of it.
stopped in the Harris Grille last night after doctor visit.
How should I construct this new Date for the minDate when I have a string of the format shown above supplied so that no timezone is relevant?
Veal slices, lightly breaded and fried, with a two cheese sauce which was excellent.
After visiting Donatelli's today as part of a Yelp Event, my husband and I returned to purchase Cheese Ravioli, Grandma's Plain Sauce, and Chocolate-Covered Almond Biscotti for dinner.
Kung pao tofu is my favorite so far.
I use those for my small wastepaper baskets - they look and hold up better than anything I paid Hefty for...
Get unique entries in list of lists by an item This seems like a fairly straightforward problem but I can't seem to find an efficient way to do it.
I like my wings crispy and my calamari not overdone and both fit the bill.\n\nNow, about my braised beef short ribs.
For our production server we use shared hosting.
The image builds but now when I try docker run with the same options as above I get exec: "/home/play/Code": permission denied2014/12/21 13:34:33 Error response from daemon: Cannot start container 2703462a68a32e8d774e9b4d8cbc3c809e79f53bb1d08f0398b45436d07546a3: exec: "/home/play/Code": permission denied This happens whether I try to start the session as root or as play.
A win win situation.\nI aslo thinks its pretty damn tasty!
This would allow me 154 septet characters after the UDH.
I don't even want to try anything else there as the burger was the first thing I ever had and I keep getting it every time I go there.
There's almost never enough seating for the passengers waiting to board, and it's almost always overcrowded in these areas.
In your you can have a with a list of table ID's to process.
Although she did enjoy it with the Classic Wisconsin cocktail, an Old Fashioned.
It was worth stopping in especially since it was free.
The lobster mac-n-cheese is an amazing start to your meal, especially when it's cold out.
I wouldn't want huge globs of pasta on my plate (getting cold, cheese and sauces congealing), so I appreciated this approach.
How to Circumvent Perl's string escaping the replacement string in s///?
Nothing elaborate, but good quality mass produced stuff - Sam Adams Seasonals, Woodchuck, etc.\n\nThe food's surprisingly good as well.
Rudy, who I did my service with, was given a handshake and the promise that I now have my permanent mechanic: Long's Garage\n\nPLEASE bring your car in to Long's!
Is this my hosts fault or mine?
They have a large dining room to the side for very large parties and celebrations.
I haven't experienced any racism like jayson and can safely say after LONG conversations with a very interesting owner that they are NOT a racist bike shop.
I go out of my way going to restaurants, bars, etc, just to catch your games if it is not on local tv.
(and the simple part) join array of strings back together.
2009: The most disappointing thing about this place is the temperature: uncomfortably cold.
Use the self-park across the street and you'll save $$ over the valet (which also uses the same parking garage).
Because will only return string, so it is safe to compare two strings with .
Track Dependency Property Value Changes WPF I am looking for a Way to be notified on property changed of a dependency property.
This last one is a major pain to me.
Went here because the Chinese restaurant a couple of doors down from Cain's that we were going to was closed.
When is called, only the first frame of animation is shown and it stucks there.
QML can't open file dialog I'm trying to create a simple File dialog using the QML: However, when I try to preview it I receive following errors/warnings: As far as I understand, settings the QUrl is not needed to display the dialog.
With Javascript, How do I call a methods within another methods Within the play_game() I am trying to call the other methods within this method, but it keeps saying that the methods I am calling are not defined.
after that i initialized my keys and compiled the code.
The restaurant is a nice break from the \""fancy & eccentric\"" food from other places nearby.
White chocolate raspberry cup, chocolate peanut butter bar, burnt almond torte, oh my!
They do have a pretty good Rib eye however but nothing else was that memorable.
Started going here in college with my roommates when they had $5 burger Tuesdays.
Thanks Diane for having my breakfast ready everyday.
Depending on the culture settings on the specific server this may or may not work.
Radio buttons allows only one choice .
All in all, a good experience and I am looking forward to trying some of the other items on the menu.
Charlotte certainly isn't lacking for Tex-mex food, but El Cancun always pleases me.\n\nDon't get me wrong-- this is your typical tacos, burrito, chips & salsa kind of place, but compared to others in the area, I find it more satisfying and a better value for your money.
We have to have electricity & you have no choice but to use Duke.
There is a relatively small list of important "directives" and "caveats" that need to be conveyed.
And it disables itself in any case.
Here is my code: And here is my Runnable class: But when It runs, it wll throw exception : at line .
Hey betty I need a poodle skirt to go with my new bangs.....
According to me you have to clear each activity from stack using
ReSharper - How to show custom snippet in IntelliSense I've created a custom snippet that contains a shortcut .
How can I tell to include empty folders?
This is one of the nicest Hampton Inns you will find.
And use in the window function as you want results partitioned by section this time.
If you run into trouble with popup blockers, you can use plain old HTML to launch a url in a new window/tab.
Type at have all members of it's main class ( and ), but don't have any information about derived members.
Their teriyaki isn't too sweet which I like and it carmelizes on the chicken for a really great flavor.
Love this place and everyone who works here!
Unfortunately, for my dining companion, I miscalculated the size of baby + diaper bag and knocked over the glass of wine spilling it all over his yellow shirt.
ATC also features Cult Movie Mondays in addition to plays and musicals.
Trust me, I kept yearning for a chance to go back.
Harris Grill is a restaurant in a house that looks like The Addams Family's home, but it doesn't mean you should be afraid to eat there.\n \nYou can either sit out front or hide away in the inside OR sit at the bar with giant TV's that usually have on something more interesting than the latest game, sometimes Discovery Channel or Animal Planet.\n\nThe food is a little pricey but the quality justifies the cost.
After Notes - I was originally using and it used to work fine for years but only after we upgraded to different SSL certs it stopped working.
The form works normally (properly storing obfuscated names in session and recovers them back next request) in FireFox, Safary, yet fails in Chrome !!!
The guy stands under the bridge near Reedsdale shouting, \""Peppi's.....hoagies....\"" They are damn good.
Try setting it to 4.0 or later; that should help.
Improvement requests: is it possible to load this into the top-level-domain?
So the location is the best.
I'm very surprised at the quantity of low reviews for this place, as I think it has the best sushi in the city and is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.
I would recommend making a reservation as they are normally busy and it takes awhile to eat.
My recommendation: If you are looking for an amazing, trustworthy, competent and humble mechanic, dial Walter's number.
I LOVE both locations of Home Economist(I refuse to accept the new name).
\n\nWe went over to the water park area a little before 11 to wait to get in, we walked over and the line was short but getting longer.
Best bet is chicken - it's soft and delicious.\n\nThe other dish which I would highly recommend is the Garlic Chicken.
Sum would obviously just be .
In this situation my application (APP_0) stops waiting for APP_1 pratically immediately (because it launches APP_1 and waits for APP_1).
i do enjoy cheap thrills like ,taking a sticker which reads GOBBLE GOBBLE and sticking it on my friends forehead.hahah\ni did laugh for about 2 minutes.
Zurb foundation grid - repeating columns without row Is it wrong to do it like this?
And unlike Heinz hall you have a little leg room.
So now I'm trying to add a border around this row...
\n\nWhile I was only there to use the pool and attend the masters swim practice, the woman at the front desk was very nice and offered to give me a tour of the facility.
After asking around, I found an inside source that said that their sandwiches are NOT pre-made but the managers/chefs say that so that they don't get overwhelmed with nit-picky custom orders by my fellow corporate cube monkeys during the lunch rush.
For those not from the city or who aren't used to shopping in hoods in transition, don't let the look of nearby buildings scare you off.
Arguments with defaults and splat argument must be grouped together; Splat argument must appear after positional arguments with default values but before keyword arguments; Keyword arguments must appear after positional arguments and before double splat argument; Double splat argument must appear last but before block argument.
And while not fancy by any means the pizza was pretty tasty; it had the right blend of cheese and pizza and the sauce was very flavorful.
See and the functions that call it in , for example.
Many sites recommend going to the "path/to/cache" folder but I can't find it: Anyway I don't believe I set up any kind of proxy caching or anything.
I've really got to roll back to the old alma mater and try their mu-shu as well, but truthfully I'll probably eat way more dumplings than anything else.
Service was incredible - pretzel rolls were to-die-for.
The page still submits even if the form is blank.
Alot of people were as frustrated as me.
c and java arithmetic expression and parenthesis can anyone help me to understand how are translated this 2 expression: FIRST I have broke it with some c in many parts, but I have 2 different results: SECOND QUESTION: Are there many differences of precision from double in c and java for very low order numbers?
Is there an easy way to move an adjacent tab in Vim to current window as a split?
Side note, is there a shorter method of defining my backends?
The Antipasto appetizer is always a good choice.
The 2 files I have are: abstract_char_stack.ads and the other one is test_adt_stack.adb What am I doing wrong?
You can find more help in the CI docs
The header is all forward declarations.
The user is not actually hitting the reset button.
I normally hate tofu, but I even enjoyed the fried tofu dish.
But when I try to create a new instance o panel with a new instance of my class, It doesn't work.
You would choose a tuple for small collections of completely different pieces of data in which a full-blown class would be too heavyweight, and a list for collections of any reasonable size where you have a homogeneous set of data.
If you can stay and play around, you can always grab it to go!
Tazza D'Oro has a generally European decor, with dark, rich colors and textures, and a cozy layout that makes the most of the space.
Oh, and a napkin (and to be totally honest, bread and a glass, complete with water).\n\nHowever, since the star of the show here is steak, it's almost sacrilege to choose anything else.
Stayed only one night for the Belk Bowl and it was a comfortable & good night.
Object pooling is normally considered bad practice as many programers used it to ease the JVM's garbage collector.
Here are some examples of descriptions of usin a namespace: Hope that helps, albeit it is a little complicated.
Is there something wrong with my OnLocationChanged?
You can simple parse that date as shown below.
The menu has a lot to offer, I usually get tacos and rice and beans, while my fella usually gets jalapeno poppers and a veggie quesadilla.
The results are a best guess and are not guaranteed to be meaningful or correct.
Im glad its dark because I don't want to see what it looks like with all the lights on.
\n\nI don't work here, am not related to anyone here and have nothing to gain by posting this.
Over 1,000 beers in their beer room (all beers are warm) but they do also have a cooler which has less beers but still not a bad selection.
From the : This tag is very simliar to @see – both require the same references and accept exactly the same syntax for package.class#member and label.
I expect value of to be if no value is presented.
Even seems with this approach timing is very critical ..
Convenience store right next door if you are hungry or thirsty\n6.
The lady that helped me on the phone gave me a few helpful tips.
\n\nThe price point is nice on the wallet.
It's a light pad this, not thick and gloopy, so your friends who only know to eat the pad Thai (assuming you have such friends) won't feel overloaded by their dinner.
The bulk tea selection is also impressive.
I recently started to typeset some 'mathsy' stuff using Latex and it became a hobby for me.
For example, using a join might look something like: You can also do something similar except using an inner join, if you want to do it that way.
OOP is a very powerful tool when used correctly, but can definitely become a hindrance when designed poorly!
I already found this bug, but all suggested solutions are not working for me.
So just typing isn't actually enough, as it only returns a method that allows you to close the file.
It is next to impossible to find anyone who can actually fix that type of clock especially anywhere close to where I live.
See " Custom inApp plists ".
Anami Montessori is a fantastic school.
I'm totally new to the world of sql and queries etc.
There was a surprising amount of meat and he was very pleased with his meal as well.\n\nThe food is great and I was happy to finally experience this Pittsburgh gem.
I like to eat them with fries and cheese.
but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles.
Harder investigation of a really strange unexpected result I posted before about that problem..
By the time we flagged down a server and everything was sorted out, we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei.
When script reach to photo listing module again it try to process the following line as shown above.
EDIT: people are talking about shadowing/hiding.
Picture cartoon charicatures on the wall of patrons and famous folks who have eaten there.\n\nDefinitely a solid steak dinner.
I order it everytime I go and it has never been less than awesome.
They were not hot/piquant; but they actually had good flavor and that is really what counts.
Then might be trying to read the contents of the file which might be throwing you FileNotFoundException.
10 years ago I came in regularly and enjoyed.
Xamarin Android.Support.V4 in VS 2013 not recognize in amxl.layout I am working with VS 2013 and I have already installed Components and references.
I've been using TeXnicCenter for this, but feeling that I've got familiar with Latex language, I decieded to improve 'efficiency' of typesetting by changing the editor.
I definitely have the right number and types of arguments.
TBH I don't really see any benefit of writing this as a function in the first place, except maybe to save space if you plan on doing this over and over.
I was looking for official examples like where everything works and I could not find a problem with my example...
It happen only with blank lines (without any charact on it).
Limiting because it's harder to hook up datastore-based data with a visualization tool such as Tableau.
Use , not , to set an element's value.
So it looks like as: In MVC: Views are not HTML templates, but classes which are responsible for presentation logic A View has direct access to a Model A Controller should not generate a response, but change model variables (i.e assign vars from or A controller should not be aware of a view For example,
I tried removing hardware acceleration to check that it's not graphics card related, but that did not help.
This is a sample script which takes the 8 digit code and the new stock level as the command line arguments adn replaces it: Another solution using the csv module of Python: Warning: Keep a back up of the input file while trying out these scripts as they overwrite the input file.
The train is clean and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and attentive.
But the bread pudding was only $6 and sounded so novel that I had to give it a try.
---- UPDATE ---- I found a better example procedure to test.
I found myself there shoeless with an overheated dog and they had no problem letting me come in with the dog to buy some water for him.
The MSDN docs didn't think to mention that setting it while inserting an item has no effect, but setting it after the item is inserted works.
My floor was being renovated and a crew was in the lobby pasting up wall paper.
Their soft-serve (try half chocolate, half vanilla!) is probably the best on the planet and they offer homemade ice cream sandwiches.
Watch out that you don't go over the edge of the field.
All of the employees here were extremely helpful and friendly.
We have never had a bad meal.
One of the more authentic irish pubs i've been to.
Yeah, we thought that was weird, too.
passthru is a method in PHP see Do you know what the script does?
We had about 25 people upstairs.
Try this: Use the exclude pattern for your to avoid an infinite loop.
The employees working the cheese counter have all been there for years and are very knowledgeable.
You will have , and second version of requires providing in .
I have been back many times.
Reason: org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanDefinitionStoreException: IOException parsing XML document from class path resource [activemq.xml]; nested exception is java.io.FileNotFoundException: class path resource [activemq.xml] cannot be opened because it does not exist java.lang.RuntimeException: Failed to execute start task.
So just forget it, and enjoy.\n\nStandouts for me include the calamari, served with peppers which are not too hot but add a perfect tang to the rich savoriness of the batter than surrounds the actual rings and other bits of delicious seafood.
Lots of little shops to browse through and mini bookstores and magazine stalls to kill time.
And if you are not happy, they will make it right.
Free Wi-Fi is very nice since so many hotels now charge you a fee.
Alone!\n\nSo I had me a good ol' fashioned cheeseburger and fries with some coleslaw.
\n\nWe walked in and I would swear I was in Santa Monica or Hermosa beach.
Just purchased a Briggs & Riley briefcase.
It's a small store at the bakery, prices are a lot lower than at Wholey's or somewhere else in the city.
So I would make a call something like this: I want that to be translated into code like this ( is an entity using the EF4): So let's say I have the following code: When I ran the above code I got the following error: The entity or complex type 'Contact' cannot be constructed in a LINQ to Entities query.
By REST you can map operations to resource and method pairs.
P.S I know that done = 0.
Given the chance, I would absolutely go back.
The potatoes were much better than before and the eggs were done on a per order basis when it wasn't busy.
I am working on Android onlineShopping application.I have to apply some animation.
Hiding private static mutable data inside the implementation of an otherwise "instancey" class is particularly horrible.
Depending on how you want the dialog to look like, there are several solutions: override and specify whatever size you want override and set some size of your own, or call .
Went to Luce for a business dinner / Christmas celebration.
Each website has its's own app- and web-folder.
The restaurant is very clean and spacious.
I like that Bucks dosent waste their money on niceties like pizza boxes, delivery, or operating out of somewhere other than an old defunct car wash.
If I were meeting a group of people here, I'd definitely come back, but on my own, maybe not.
They apologized and invited me back to try them again.
View should never contain business logic A Presenter is just a glue between a View and the Model.
I hit this "non english" error message problem.
a la a bartender pouring a shot b4 u take your seat)\n\nWhen I'm a lil iffy..
But, before doing that, you want to change the date comparison: Moving the function from the column to the constant makes the comparison "sargable", meaning that indexes can be used for it.
All service I guess I wouldn't expect from a run of the mill, always busy breakfast place.
Not much else to say about this particular store.
After that, you can move data from your staging to target table by performing INSERT INTO command.
Then when javascript kick in you set the correct position and hide, then you fade in or do what ever you want to do.
Plus they have water bottle refilling fountains, free wi fi, and rocking chairs.
Once you harvest the links, you can use curl or file_get_contents (in a safe environment file_get_contents shouldn't allow to walk over http protocol though)
We decided to check it out after calling her brother Lee who goes often.
\n\nHeck, it's snowing today, and I'm probably going to go!
Carbon was never updated to support 64-bit applications, and lacks many features that have been added to Cocoa since the 64-bit transition (~2005).
Waitresses and bartenders are super friendly and they mix great drinks.
Next I have a class that holds an of protocol implementations.
Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.
Service was on point from the moment you walk in.
There are many food and options available regardless of your airline or gate.
:)\n\nFirst, you go in to see if you qualify.
The nicest Residence Inn I have stayed in thus far.
First time having Afternoon tea time in the States.
\n\nThe first cool thing about this place is the caricatures on the wall, there famous and some local faces with their names and even some signature everywhere you looked!
If you actually want a line, then you want If you really think you want to return a pointer, then think again.
Trying to implement an android spinner.
I thought they tasted great if not a tad salty.
The Checker Framework has an Eclipse plugin.
In general, use pimpl unless you have profiled and shown that this is the bottleneck.
Her portion was also quite large, and ended up becoming lunch for the next day (bonus).
I'm taking a megabus today, so I looked on Yelp for a good spot to eat in Downtown Pittsburgh, and so I went here based on the reviews of other yelpers, and my goodness, the burgers here ARE Awesome!
I took my girlfriend here for our 6 month anniversary dinner for a nice night out.
And I've eaten Chinese food in Toronto, San Francisco, New York, and Philly - in Little China areas, nonetheless.\n\nWhat makes WanFu the best?
Yes you have to use HttpsURLConnection.
I could of course do : And then manually map them to each other, but that would be a pain...
Great food, never had a bad meal there.
Makes me sorry Madison doesn't more neighborhood markets.
Not too far off Interstate 77 so if you are driving through Charlotte take exit 9C and stop on in for a real BBQ treat.
The ribs were full of yummy NC vinegary flavor, the mac was cheesy and good, the collard greens were tangy and flavorful, and the yams were savory and sweet.
So… I have a map associating threads and queues which gets updated when threads and queues are constructed and destroyed.
The Executive Chef, Scott Wallen is super talented and has a great staff in the kitchen, pressing out dishes that just work!
\n\nWe stopped in on Friday evening to meet a friend for beverages and there was a blues band playing.
Great shop in Dormont - very large with lots of variety.
If you are looking for an outstanding comedy gift, this is the place for you.\n\nAlso: a strategically hip book selection, high quality puppets, a wall of giggle-worthy novelty shirts and a jewelry case.
Everything seems really fresh, and the guy working there is always really friendly.
Right from entering we were promptly seated and received an explanation of everything that was on the table for our enjoyment.
Had to have my brakes completely replaced and the staff was decently helpful and the job was reasonably priced.
In Pittsburgh visiting Carnegie Mellon U and was told we had to come here.
Everything was tasty, but the garlic nan was phenomenal.
However, if you want to randomly choose these and not leave it up to you, but want to reproduce the same results every time you call this function, you should set the random seed generator to be a known number, like .
You have to walk in the breezeway before the lobby.
It's of course, a no frills, plastic fork kind of place, but if you order off their Chinese menu, you will not be disappointed.
Good prices for latte's, cappuccino, ect...
We got a side of their dijion mustard and it was a perfect compliment to the burger.
I now live in Chicago and even here there is nothing like it.
This is very normal, since each time you are closing the form and opening it again you are having a new instance from the form MyPropsX, so the best way would be to save your properties in any kind of a database (sql, access, textfiles,...)
As others have stated, he does a very thorough, and quick hair cut.
\n\nFinding a place to sit was the biggest challenge.
There are no APIs for "decoding" video in the Android SDK, other than to play it back (e.g., ).
golang: How can I populate a multi-struct map in a loop?
Both were pretty darn awesome - I took half of my massive Thanksgiving burrito home and proceeded to eat nothing but that and more Thanksgiving food for the next few days.
I want to include some charts on my website and I'm looking for a good cross-browser charting package - what are my options?
We want a place that tried and true, where our butts fit comfortably in the booth, and the food rests comfortably on our stomachs.\n\nTrio is where we go on those occasions.
Plenty of accessories to round out your shopping experience.
Then I began thinking: wouldn't it be useful if the default value of that business object was a null object instead of a null reference?
\n\nIf you're after Starbucks, the lines can get a little long and each location in the airport doesn't serve the same snacks.
Came here for some drinks after a rehearsal dinner.
Even though other car rental places might be cheaper, the level of customer service that Enterprise provides is worth the extra couple of dollars.
I always enjoy having a grub here and I will definitely go back many times.
I called Town and Country Ford where I had bought my personal vehicle, a 2002 Ford Sport Trac (which I still have and love with over 175,212,000 miles on it) off the show room floor and right away I knew I should had started here.
See screenshot below for attempt at changing it using the storyboard: Or if I try to do it programatically by adding the following to viewDidLoad of the pushed view controller It has no effect, nor does moving the same line of code to the view controller doing the pushing.
Tired of hotel bars and expensive consultant watering pools I found myself looking for a out of the way neighborhood bar.\n\nEnter a young woman I met on a flight from BWI to CLT.
I say its not the best choice because you are not dealing with an "is a" relationship.
My program outputs the entire list, using length variable and outputs the following: I know that the array holds 1000 elements of the word hello, so this output if confusing me.
The program is of a basic stack implementation.
Consider will return zero if your number is a multiple of 3.
Delegate protocols are common in iPhone Apps.
different zoom for city or country).
\nSimmons is definitely one of 'those places.' You know, the one that people talk about when they brag that it's where \""people who are really from the Carolinas\"" go, and it's apparent.
The food and staff surely make up for it!
This is my go to place to get my Yorkiepoo groomed.
I really like the way this airport is laid out.
I wish I could remember it honestly.
I finally got the chance to stop in here and check out what they have to offer.
I just want to create echo server/client using protobuf and java.
Does anyone have an idea on how to implement this, or can point me in the right direction?
The fried fish (with fries and coleslaw) is Lenten-Catholic quality.
Lightly breaded and juicy, just the way fried chicken should be.
The other food isn't amazing, but the atmosphere is hopping.
For example: UPDATE MyTable SET MyField = MyFunction(MyField) Where MyFunction is the correct answer to this question.
Well the error is quite logical In the first if clause you assign a value to self.name which may either rely on assumption that self.name exists somewhere, or on assumption that it is new and needs to be declared, but in elif you seem to assume with certainty that self.name already exists, it turns out it doesn't so you get an error.
We felt very welcomed and were happy with all the answers.
My oldest cat Nihil received such great care before he went off to college - I just can't say enough about how wonderful everyone is here.
The food is consistent, it represents the brand well, and to top it all off the staff is fantastic.
Visual Studio Test Explorer window has integration with Visual Studio Profiler.
Edit: I updated the code to work better.
It means that data transmit and received is ciphered, decrypted on raw socket(streams) level; You can open SSL connection to transmit data from point to point not only via Https There is no "session".
Shocking really at any buffet, but especially at a buffet where the food is as good as it is here.
I created my app in eclipse and can run the app on my device but how can I share it without adding it to the play market?
The blackberry sorbet was a perfect finish.
They know, and they'll tell you.
For example Apache Commons has a good StringUtils package which contains string matching algorithms.
The main screen contains 4 buttons to goto other screens and the other screens has a button to go back to the main screen.
None of the proposed solutions work to show the original column names, so I'm not sure why people are voting them up...
Executing shell commands in programs isn't very nice in my opinion so what you can do is to inspect the file programmatically.
I found Thai Cuisine on Yelp and loved it!
No Lite Butter or Diet Fat Free Bacon to be found here.\n- you are a snob.
There are 2 pool tails and several couches to lounge in.
This will have the benefit of not being overridden when the web service code is regenerated.
The whiting had a few bones but cooked perfect and my husband asked me to please bring him a piece of red velvet cake back to Texas.
Servers are super fast and friendly!
Set multiple alarms using sqlite database but only one alarm remaining I set multiple alarms using SQLite, but when I set the clock, there is just one alarm that is the last one I set.
The way I tested it was to enter each of the two groups and did an eval on the variable - though you could also just do help on the variable .
I also got fries and a malt.
As for computer vision: All you need is a computer and images.
In each Activity you have to modify it independently.
I don't want this to appear in the ajax page though!
If you have only one value for each key for each user: or sql fiddle demo
Besides the first time, I have always gotten the fish.
Now, I wan't to use this html+js in Phone Gap.
Even though the direction flags could be OR'ed together the UISwipeGestureRecognizer ignores the additional flags.
Note this is only necessary to allow tomcat to unpack your war file.
My current version is 1.2.1 and returns .
Nowhere in this process does Paypal seem to send any kind of request to my specified IPN landing page.
just have a lot of time to spend!
I have been to Phat Burrito too and was unimpressed.
How to change the database that ASP.NET Identity use for creating its necessary tables?
We did split a chocolate mousse cake which was a hit, and there were some seasonal additions that sounded intriguing.
Comfortable place that is our most frequent and favorite dining spot......if Norm and Cliff ever moved to Pittsburgh, this is where they would hang...........we like all of their food!
Are you sure you want this behaviour ?
The drop down eating trays from the airplanes are there, and the best perk of all your very own wall outlet with two plugs.
Nice hotel close to everything downtown.
\n Service: Our server was so, so wonderful.
Thankfully we got there nice and early so the kids could do things like the water slides without much of a wait and even to get on the lazy river we waited a few minutes but nothing like we would have if we were there later in the day!!
There's a lot of history and humor hung up there.
Doing so will deny you access to because of scoping.
don't quit unless you kill your app so you probably have the same instance running and probably references to the old file as mentioned above
Forget the bread and wrap your lips around sweet potato pancakes and loads of corned beef.
\n\nThe manager is very nice while the cook has a funny attitude.
You have to create a new Blob Object like: and then you can store it.
If the declaration of Impl is moved to the header it works, my question is how come the destructor is called fine so it doesn't seem that the type is incomplete, but the problem appears when moving.
When runtime modifications are written to Edits log file in Name Node, is the Edits Log file getting updated on RAM or Local Disk When run-time modifications are written to Edits log file in Name Node, is the Edits Log file getting updated on RAM or Local Disk
I usually get the tomato and cheese and add an egg.
Problem with NSStrings and UIAlertView I have having a very odd issue when utilizing this UIAlertView.
I am his client about one year, I go every other week and his massage is always awesome!
My fiance is not impressed with the Chinese food on the menu but the rest makes up for it.
If not cookie, then load default page.
How can I get SQLAlchemy to omit the ORDER BY clauses?
My major complaint is that I asked for a side of sirachi & instead got just a hot oil...hmmmm...
Unless you only need the line items on very rare occasions, store them together as per this post from Ayende
Way back when they were still in the original location at 16 and Hoskins.
How do I get update-database to create tables in TestDb instead of creating of new database.
You don't really need the absolute url.
So on each change in input will make cc2 to holds the latest value.
You can supply a comparison function to the method:
To run Python scripts on your Android phone all you have to do is install SL4A and this is how you do that: To install SL4A, you will need to enable the "Unknown sources" option in your device's "Application" settings, download the .apk and install it either by accessing from your computer and click the qr-code or directly from your phone and click the qr-code and then run the downloaded .apk file.
\xA9\x00\x03\x00 or \xA9\x03 as it was written?
Yes, four stars and I am all over this place whenever I get the hankering for Asian food.
How can I find what font was actually used for my CreateFont call?
The greeting, service & food have always been what you should expect from this chain.
Go on in and have a seat, read the newspaper, watch some classic TV like Gunsmoke, and get yourself a real haircut.
Our project used all the above mentioned methods and still had mediocre results, though we were dealing with numbers as large as 40 Astronomical Units in meters (Pluto).
This is a pricey Japanese grocery store with a wide variety of goods.
Background running time with PushKit VoIP notifications I'm writing VoIP application that uses PushKit notification, and I can't found what amount of background execution time gives me one incoming push?
They made their own bread: crisp and tender.
\n\nThe airport and the bathrooms were pretty clean especially for the amount of people that were roaming about.
The staff is as friendly as a bar staff should be even when customers are being somewhat suggestive and just down right gross.
If I had to guess from the name, returns true if and have the same sign, and false otherwise.
I assume that on page load, you are setting up var sncro=1; and when some data changes, you adjust this value.
But could be invoked from anywhere in your code.
I tried to use HasColumnType() to use this custom type: but it wasn't successful and I got this error: System.InvalidOperationException: Sequence contains no matching element at System.Linq.Enumerable.Single[TSource](IEnumerable 2 predicate) at System.Data.Entity.Utilities.DbProviderManifestExtensions.GetStoreTypeFromName(DbProviderManifest providerManifest, String name) at System.Data.Entity.ModelConfiguration.Configuration.Properties.Primitive.PrimitivePropertyConfiguration.ConfigureColumn(EdmProperty column, EntityType table, DbProviderManifest providerManifest) at System.Data.Entity.ModelConfiguration.Configuration.Properties.Primitive.PrimitivePropertyConfiguration.Configure(EdmProperty column, EntityType table, DbProviderManifest providerManifest, Boolean allowOverride, Boolean fillFromExistingConfiguration) at ...
The only cornbread I've ever had that's the equal of this is served at Club 83 in Memphis, and I've NEVER had green beans this good!
I've been struggling with this as well.
As far as the authenticity of the food by far the best anywhere in Champaign/Urbana, wife and I ordered baby squid in basil sauce and the peking pork, the squid was cooked perfectly and spiced perfectly.
I try and visit Beauregard's every time I go to visit my grandma, I went to see her this past Saturday so I decided that I needed a Beauregard's grilled chicken salad in my life.
Every time I go there I'm so happy this place is still thriving.
Call ahead if you have any questions and they will answer your questions.
I'm not going to say that every person I've encountered at a ticket counter was a ray of sunshine but I don't remember any particular incidents to count toward the negative.
Can I just add a lesson I learned about 27 years ago: don't try to make your version control numbers align with your product release numbers.
Does it depend on MSSQL server version and how?
Or can I accurately determine this from the OS (by running or something of the sort)?
I can't really speak to authenticity since I wouldn't really know it if I saw it, but for what they do Mi Cocina does it well.
Ok so I bought those ...
But you could make a regular sprite behave as a button.
I really like Silky's- it's a great little bar with a good two list.
None of those options are good.
Is it possible to use some color-code escape character so that I do not need to mention -ForeGroundColor parameter?
I got that because it was relatively inexpensive and it's similar to the Thomas Creek IPA.
The selection is large, the staff is knowledgeable, and the food is delicious.
Even real Python code could be considered pseudo code.
I love the look and decor of Upstream (especially the ceiling!) so this felt very cozy.
It's still not bad, though, and the food is so good that I think it's worth the extra cash.
\nI always sleep like a a baby.
I was so full before I even got halfway through working on this buffet.\n\nThis place has met my expectations for lunch, dinner, and now brunch.
I'd been here a number of years back, and I'm glad I came back!
I solved it with T4 .
while reading django's documentation i found that in i need to check for the request type in each method..
I also had trouble finding definitive documentation on this...but we just ran into the same issue in our data warehouse.
The separator is stored in 3
If not then it might be a problem with your Identity registration in which case you should post that code so it can be scrutinized.
Found the answer and put it here for reference.
GATE excels at text analysis of all shapes and sizes.
I went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because I took a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence.
If its your absolute first time and you go with a member, it's absolutely FREE!
With 'created_date' being a datetime object.
It looks like your xib is trying to connect an outlet to your view controller instead of your cell.
One came out as I expected and the other did not.
There is a enum on this describing its "type".
Definitely use the moving sidewalks...especially if you are flying out of Gate E.
If you have done that than and to install the working version, do
This code is not working properly.
However, the text must be something which Access recognizes as a valid date representation.
Here is the link to Mock construction of new objects
Let me take the opportunity to ask a further question.
\n\nNice staff, bathrooms were nice (until a jerk put swim diapers in the centrifuge for drying bathing suits), and the pool was clean (and heated).
First off, I love Regent Square.
Google Docs Folder Not Found We are using Document List API version 3.
Consistency is what I like about Long Horn.
Interestingly enough the restaurant in the hotel has the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
Apparently, that is quite a process intensive step which is hidden by the fact it's a single Perl statement (much like hides its complexity).
There are many shops including food options, toy stores, etc.
They had storefront on liberty between what I believe was a movie rental joint and an indie theater.
My burger came with American cheese.
Is there a way to work with the raw headers?
As it is right now, you have to start with the first joke.
To start with it turns out I was editing an old index file so any changes weren't taking affect.
Carmon's is the restaurant gem hidden away in Champaign.
Chili is very thick and meaty.
Lunch for under $5 a person and you walk out stuffed.
I think by calling in loop, it might start another task while the previous one still in that will result in multiple progress running because of this: You will have a reference on the last started progress, so calling dismiss will only hide last one, while the other X progress(es) will remain active .
She enjoyed each, having a second helping of only one of the three, because they give you enough on the first go around.
If you really do need to have it work on both I think you're better off using: That way you're always returning a list.
So a place with fresh tortillas, Mexican cheeses, bulk dried peppers, Jumex (boyfriend is obsessed with these canned juices/nectars), and other tasty things is a much-needed addition to the Strip, with its diverse culinary offerings.\n\nI will always return here for Latin American ingredients - partially because Reyna is great, but also because - where else could you get that around here?
I then want to create a set of all integers n such that 2n is contained in that set, let's call it P1.
Software being installed: AJAX Tools Framework Webtools Integration (Incubation) 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG (org.eclipse.atf.feature.feature.group 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG) Missing requirement: AJAX Tools Framework Mozilla IDE (Incubation) 0.3.0.v201006041600-17K-DZRDIXEqJdCQQLF (org.eclipse.atf.mozilla.ide.feature.feature.group 0.3.0.v201006041600-17K-DZRDIXEqJdCQQLF) requires 'org.mozilla.xpcom.feature.feature.group 1.8.1' but it could not be found Cannot satisfy dependency: From: AJAX Tools Framework Webtools Integration (Incubation) 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG (org.eclipse.atf.feature.feature.group 0.3.0.v201006041600-15-7zCN3HbXIOZQuUeDRRMG) To: org.eclipse.atf.mozilla.ide.feature.feature.group [0.3.0.v201006041600-17K-DZRDIXEqJdCQQLF]vCannot complete the install because one or more required items could not be found.
It has been validated to work up to Python 3.5.
Excellent local news coverage and be sure to check out Charlotte Talks at 9am weekdays, they cover all kinds of topics.
I am a Certified Dog Behavior Consultant and Certified Pet Dog Trainer and have had client after client RAVE about the care they have received from Dr.
Love the layout and size of this airport.
This is a very cute one; bf and I stayed here on our visit to Madison.
\n\nIn my opinion, you can't go wrong with their soups, they are my favorite.
The javascript in nodejs is single threaded.
I will say the sauce was dynamite.
The menu is on the wall, but there are hard copies for those who need an explanation of the nicely blended mix of Lebanese, Armenian and Syrian dishes.
What theme are these google apps using?
After Deluxe got knocked down to make way for the mediocrity of Legend's and Murphy's expanded and cleaned the place up, Illini Inn stands alone.\n\nThis place is a true dive: cheap drafts, dingy bathrooms, a good jukebox and a surprising lack of fratboys (especially considering you're surrounded by big houses with greek letters in the front yards.)\n\nGo forth.
If you custom class does not inherit from , won't be available.
After 3 sub-par highlights, I looked like a tiger (in a bad, orange and streaky kind of way) and gave in to their insistence that I try Modern.
Checked this place out on a weekday for lunch.
\n\nI suggest Fu's to anyone looking to get a tattoo, there are photos of each artist's style on their website.
The tempura green beans were so delicious too!
\s and whitespace in vim It can replace four blank spaces at the beginning of a line with zero blank space.
\n\nOur bill was quite pricey, but I feel totally worth it.
(see my ED's Tavern review).\nAs soon as I enter...
First Maven download the server on the fly, saves it to the target folder.
Though they could use better coffee from a local roaster.
The owner was helpful in showing me where I could try it on and offered to let me look at items in the cases.
It gives a pleasant atmosphere to the place.\n\nOverall if you're looking for good steak and good crepes, you can't beat Carmon's in Champaign.
one column of input is string and the other is an integer but while reading it from the compressed file because of some out of sequence data, at some point hadoop reads the string part as an integer and generates an illegal format exception.
I have visited this bar several times and must say I'm a big fan of this bar.
When you walk out, there is a side table with your drink and order slip waiting for you.
Plus a lot of people get the large pizzas (which are comparable to delivery pizza or frozen store bought) to take home, but still only 1 worker.
\n\nAll of the dishes are served with great flavors from their pastas to their duck but their signature Arugula salad is a reason in and of itself to visit.
It's amazing and I've had a lot of Pho.
Decor seemed less terrible this time for some reason--maybe because we were seated further back in the restaurant?
It was bigger than our apartment back home.
This is actually one of my favorite airports...especially if you have a lot of time to kill between flights.
How to speed up matrix code I have the following simple code which estimates the probability that an h by n binary matrix has a certain property.
Can anyone tell me what an attached event is and what it does?
My team is relatively new to Drupal.
Only thing is it's cash only.
My problem is that I open the page on my pc, add and edit some elements and export ( using the fabricjs serializer ) and then I open on a laptop (different display size), the canvas gets resized correctly (with some js magic) but the elements are still at the same location and same size as on the big display .
I've tried changing the file's path, the contents, the permissions, the filenames.
How to know what routes go on between two points?
Will ng-click fire the function submit() in the directive link?
I had excessive quantities of both, as well as draft beer.\n\nApart from the sports crowd, it seems this place does quite a bit of late-night business, as a lot of people make it one of their last stops of the evening before heading home to sleep it off.\n\nOverall, a good scene, and definitely worth a stop just for the pizza and wingies.
Based on the following discussion I tried to comment out And replace them with Then restarted the server, but it did not cause any impact.
This is the code, (I didnt use myHeight, myWidth I manually put the sizes, the sizes are 765, 500).
If your factors contain the last digit must be or If your factors contain or or the sum of all candidate digits muts be a multiple of If your factors contain 2 or 4 or 6 or 8 the last digit must be even.
Here is whats going on here imo We are using open pragma to set the IO streams to UTF-8, including STDOUT.
They send you upstairs to the bar to wait until your table ready and I did not even try to get a drink it was so packed.
The place was pretty busy as I guess there are a lot of hungry kids coming out of the dance studio.
Has anyone else come across this before?
If you're proud of being a Pittsburgher, you should be buying as much as you can from a _Pittsburgh_ store!
They also brought out a big plate of white rice for us to share from; the rice was cooked well and sticky.
I ordered the vegetable tom yum soup.
Not because I loved it but because someone else paid.
I've now flown through here a couple of times for business in Charlotte.
I think your best bet is to use the quoting mechanism your dbms provides, since it's designed to deal with exactly this problem.
As good as it gets!\"" But, on that side of town I don't know of any other place you can get full and have a beer for under $10.\n\nIt is a Deli/Grille with beer.
Sam Bok sells really good cabbage and radish kimchi that you can pick up anytime.
How do I get new Application Access token without Login with Facebook?
The crust is chewy, with that Neapolitan type char to the bread.
This is an aggregation query, but you don't seem to want the column being aggregated.
I've heard good things, including (of course) that they were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.\n\nIt was a weekday at around 11am, and the place was still packed.
I needed an inspection and he was able to take me the same day I called.
I could have ordered 3 of these for my entree!
\n\nAdditional appetizers and salads, such as the Fried Calamari & the Sicilian Roasted Pepper Salad, are also very, very good.
Wanted something quick, tasty, and not from a fast food chain.
You can learn more from w3c
They are just stand up guys.
C# - InstallUtil - Service failing to launch I have a service in C#, that seems to fail to startup, I have created a screenshot below: Is it the case that the service returns (NOT_STOPPABLE, NOT_PAUSABLE, IGNORES_SHUTDOWN) that it is not loading up?
\n\nSpeaking of fabulous, I'm thankful to have finally experienced the Pamelas hotcake.
I know its hard to keep all the dogs isolated, but I really think 8 weeks is a little too early to neuter a puppy especially after being found in a park- too much stress!
\nIn my opinion it's not worth a trip across town, but with friends in Dormont it's a sure stop if I'm visiting over that way.
The food is excellent and the portions are large (the mussels appetizer could be a meal) so you aren't left feeling hungry and bitter and when the $$$ check shows up.
Anyway, my party of six allowed me to sleep in extra late while they wandered around some graveyard by our hotel with scones until I was all puked out and ready see what the light of day looks like.
But keep in mind, I'm totally a bread lover!
The other, called superPointer, is a double pointer of the same type.
It is conveniently (for Shadyside and surrounding areas) located in the East Liberty area, very close to Target, PetSmart, and Pizza Sola.\n\nThere's five courts, four full courts and one singles-only court.
4 pairs of shoes for $75, and all of the shoes are very stylish.
\n\nThe bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini.
Last I checked, the File and FileInfo classes in .NET prevented you from using this type of path, but you can definitely do it from C/C++.
If they are not scrambling for tables to seat people waiting, I'd ask for another less cramped table and wait; but on a crowded night, take the first thing available or you could be waiting a long, long time.
Finding myself in need of a wireless router soon (going from AT&T U-Verse back to TWC because of moving - AT&T supplies wireless router, TWC charges you $15/mo.
So, you know it must be good.
Choose Move file for the operation.
The staff was extremely friendly and understanding about my apprehension about leaving my dog and I thank them for that.
Trying to insert a livecard using remote views from service.
The waitress was cheerful and attentive, and the manager stopped by to check on us, which is always appreciated.
I have to say the reviews were right.
I've seen such behavior before, it is probably tomcat and not ec2.
I am very sorry to ask such a silly question...
They are straightforward, honest and do good work.
For eg, Why do we need this check?
you can go to the end of the line with TAB.
Its about as narrow as one lane, and people come in and out of same drag.
Use jQuery or native ajax to poll for information to a controller/action via route and have the controller push data as JSON.
Their prices are a little higher than we would like.\nBathroom and restaurant is very clean.
And reviewers are complaining about it????
I am developing a simple app to consume a web API using this new fantastic .Net core framework.
Then you can decode the data using .
implements and therefore is an (see just below the title)
Getting client static IP address I am deplyong a web application in the Internet and I am checking whether the user's login is valid by checking its client IP address (e.g.
I highly recommend donating school supplies or volunteering time at Classroom Central.
You are doing something wrong if you find yourself having to pay for parking.
Some other informations: Where my real code is a Util Class, there isn't the context.
I knocked off one star because i thought the prices were abit higher than i'm used to in Denver (esp on the jewelry) \n I walked out with a vintage (60's) Pucci dress($88) in perfect condition and an Adrienne Vittadini sweater ($17).
I think they have settled in to their new place, and service is back on par.\n\nBon Appetit!
You bring it in, they'll honor it.
Consider read this section , depending the version of Servlet that you are using it could be little bit different.
Ready for the end of this food adventure?
When the function is invoked, I'm prompted to select a CRAN mirror : Assuming everything is fine and this is a non-issue, I select the main (" ") mirror from the dialog.
The prices are unbeatable for what you get, and the daily special gets you out the door for about $6, without leaving you hungry.
According to developer.android's guide to Linking to Your Products , if the HTML link to the app is the corresponding Android link would be market://details?id=package_name.
We use these services in about 5 of our websites and one of the biggest problems we have right now with our legacy system is that almost all the time when we make bug fixes or updates we need to re-deploy our 5 websites which can be a quite time consuming process.
The only thing I did not care for was the tartar sauce, can't place what it was, but had a funny taste to it to me.
I have found all the barbecued menu items to be flavorful and tender.
The sides are fresh and delicious - try\nthe beans, chili, and slaw.\n\nThe staff is usually friendly and nice.\n\nThe dining room itself is modest and could be updated, but then again, \nit's a fast BBQ place; as such, it shouldn't be too fancy.
Just tried Mimosa Grill for Sunday brunch.
What I actually want to do is something like this:
Hence the first one is IDENTITY column, you can provide any value for that column as this column value will not be used but ommitted.
The brew selection is absolutely outrageous- they have the largest selection around easily.
The staff was great not rude like the kings kitchen the food was great!
I open the invitation link in an incognito Chrome session to ensure I am not logged in or have any current session.
This is the form: When I try to submit the form, it redirects to rather than When I rename file to then the firefox gives the following error: The page isn't redirecting properly Firefox has detected that the server is redirecting the request for this address in a way that will never complete.
We visited the OPH on a Sunday morning.
Another shorthand is to use the following code directly in the pattern in the template: In this way you don't have to create a custom attribute.
a) standard enough iteration, but it wont resolve ...
Netbeans Maven project from cloned GitHub Java (with jni and C) repository I cloned the git repository here and I would like to add it as a or project in so I can use it as dependency for other application and to also be able to contribute to the repository.
Upon being sat, our waitress came by right away and she was very nice.
I'll give you a warning however, sugarCRM is not always nice to work with.
In laravel, I've set API Key information as: To connect to Twitter I've used: Using Socialite, I'm able to make users login via their credentials.
You can specify a call like this: then create it like this: and finally execute it like this: --> asynchronous --> synchronous See the documentation here
This Hardee's always has nice staff well whenever I have been there.
It appears that your onHandleIntent method is not blocking the thread it is executing on, so it will return quickly and allow the second intent to be processed.
Maybe I was just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of beds in a public place.
There are a few ways to loop through the worksheets in a workbook.
In your particular case, the complexity can be reduced by implementing the Repository and Specification patterns to make your code more consistent, easier to read, and easier to maintain.
For goto, notice no colon before A.
I'm a beginner with FFT concepts and so what I understand is that if I put in 1024 signals, I'll get 513 bins back ranging from 0hz to 22050Hz (in the case of a 44100Hz sampling rate).
They are always friendly and the food is yummy.
For what it's worth I don't consider any of these solutions 'more Pythonic' than the others.
Getting GPS coordinates from Samsung Intrepid I'm looking into purchasing the new Samsung Intrepid Windows Mobile 6.5 device.
HighCharts - Horizontal line with the zoomed average of the values I need to display the average of the values of my 2 datasets, but with a specific characteristic: when the users zoom the chart, the average line is recalculated ONLY with the values of the zoomed area.
Simply amazing terra cotta type ceiling...
Great music, fun crowd, pretty decent prices on drinks.
I just found out about it last week.
\n\nThis is a rather simple setting, not my \"" take a date and impress her\"" on the esthetic, but if she is just looking for some good, near down home cooking that would leave you with a burp and a smile, this could be the place......
Hw to parse those variable on document load page2?
I have this named_scope named_scope :current, :conditions => "starts_at &lt;= '#{Time.now.utc.to_formatted_s(:db)}' and finishes_at >= '#{Time.now.utc.to_formatted_s(:db)}'" The condition Time is not refreshing, all requests are done with the same Time, probably the first used.
For instance (see ), you can list packages in the reverse-order of their install date using As a more elaborate approach, you can use the option with the option to format the date exactly as you want (it uses ).
Some kids may be bored as it's not too interactive.
Ahh, soooo good.\nI haven't tried the focaccia (yet) but they look incredible.
Also go ahead and put a coin in the machine!
The log were : V/jerikc (3454): read the file V/jerikc (3454): exception I think I add the wrong path.("/assets/test.txt") .
\n\nI feel like their breakfast treats leave more to be desired and their coffee is so so.
The car ended up looking good as new (and no need for a new headlight).
Get the query text for each view name found.
It took 5 fittings and a lot of patience.
However, if we take a line segment--say, --and decompose it into intervals with being over the integers from to , each will take the form .
This is another in a long list of \""Thank the flying spaghetti monster for Yelp!\""\n\nI was flying back from Memphis and got stranded at the airport in Charlotte for the night due to bad weather in NY.
I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e., must order food to get a seat policy) but overall think this is a very nice addition to the neighborhood.
Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested...
I definitely suggest you select the symphony a and b room for your event.
It's the object that keeps link to the promise and when promise resolved it'll also contain data itself.
\nAs other Yelpers have pointed out, there's free popcorn and peanuts you can help yourself to.
Are there any good examples of using ScrollView.scrollResponderZoomTo in a componentDidMount call that zooms out to fit content in the screen, something like I tried setting the 'zoomScale' property, but that seems to be ignored and always uses the value 1.
I've created a JSFiddle to reproduce the problem ( the image divs are nested inside rows ).
The drunken cheddar dip is pretty exciting.
I have since found out that it is extremely difficult to get in as it is always reserved by one large group or another (I'm calling you out CMU Korean Student Association).
If you would tell us that your is a or a , we could tell you that this is normal behaviour: under the hood, these cursors work with instead of , and here the number of affected rows is only known at the end, after all rows have been retrieved.
just comment processFile function and your code will work.
Have been there a few times and they never disappoint!
The application works, but I am a little bit worried.
Good for a date or catching up with a friend.
Be sure to wrap your UI calls in a GCD dispatch to the main thread.
Its purely a CSS thing.It depends upon the DOM where are you trying to show the out put..
I see "duck typing" more as a programming style, whereas "structural typing" is a type system feature.
You need to put the name of the field into square brackets.
\n\nFor my entree, I ordered the Lidia's Pasta Trio which is their signature dish.
cheese biscuits appetizers were good too!
Avoid anything made with aioli as they do not do a good job with this.
The two integers must refer to the same actual object internally for is to return true.
Tried 3 different dummy servers like Script:
I'll go ahead and leave this up in case it's enlightening to anyone.
So in short, go with Sugar but think carefully before customizing it too much because it can be a pain to maintain.
Assuming Test is a Controller and Page is an Action but routing is very much context dependent.
I can't parse a 1 million array that fast ...
Isn't that what happened when the USB Storage activity came up?
Charlotte's Marriott City Center could be a role model for other hotel establishments.
Most of the dishes here have French names, which I am totally ok with until I have to remember what they were called.
Staff is friendly and very attentive.
I haven't been able to find a reference to the same plugin in version 3, but I'm sure you could write it fairly easily.
Not surprisingly, it didn't last long, and my heart broke when it closed and I could only get my crepe fix on my yearly family vacations to Disney World.\n\nIn my sophomore year of college, I studied abroad in Italy, and rediscovered my crepe obsession when I found them in a British-style pub.
If i change the image's dimension for example if i make width > height or height > width, the images goes rendered normally.
Implement it as delegating-Handler and make sure your header is applied (with MS Owin Implementation hook up on .
For the atmosphere, the friendly service, and the authentic food, I can't wait to go back and try the river eel over rice!
Next course was entrees with assorted proteins...
It's not the connection string itself that's the problem, but rather that you don't assign in to a variable.
I'm trying to figure out how to get the div element that pops up to grow based on the content that the AJAX call puts in there.
This is my home state and if I comment out the line I don't get the error, obviously.
We make the form as a .aspx file in the site (using sharepoint designer).
I've been here many times when I used to work in the area and the food is always good.
XCode 5 - OpenURL not working in ViewController Getting error on .
Below is the JSON file which i was submitting and in which I see only one multipolygon element.
And the building its self is a site to see its very fancy'ish but they love the kids !!
But will definitely come back to sit in the beautiful courtyard garden!
It woke us both up early.
My question: Is this done by anyone, or is it a bad ideas?
Having worked in food service I understand that it isn't perfect every time, but generally the wait is worth with it.
Windows Azure has input endpoints on a hosted service, which are public-facing ports.
and at the Uptown location for longer than that.\nI should say that I'm not a sports fan .
Organic makes all the difference.\nMy favorite Prepared Foods is their Vegan General Tso's \""chicken\"".
You can do some thing like the following.
The location makes it very easy to get to and from the airport and any other highway taking you to parts of the city or its suburbs.
If you re-used the application name (deleted the old application and created a new one with the same name) it could take up to 24 hours for the dns to be routed to the correct server.
If you don't give it any hint, it's not going to work very well.
Pick 4-star and downtown Pittsburgh and you'll get either this or the Omni.
I'm struggling to separate out the two objectives from this one login_form form.
Since he retired, I dont know what happened exactly?
There is no set menu and the waitress reads out what the chef has prepared for the night there are 5 courses.
HOWEVER there is a requirement when saving THE SAME INFORMATION to encode emails with url encoding.
My only complaint is at the end of the facial, they always do this tapping thing with their fingers all over your face and that annoys me for some reason.
Using Variable In JSON node.js I am writing some code that allows me to send messages back and forth from two node instances using HTTP &amp; Express.
lots of folks have dessert at lunch-time!) ;)\nI enjoyed the Tiramisu!\nNow, some people like it when the lady fingers in Tiramisu are very Rummy tasting, but I am not a fan of too much of that!\nThis was perfect and delicious!\nI would def recommend it!\n\nAll in all...
The other part you will need to code in your own logic.
LoaderDLLs is exposed for COM, the problem is when the COM use DLL to invoke .NET DLL 4.0 everything is fine but when .NET DLL 4.0 internally call third party DLL FTP occurs next error: Exception has been thrown by the target of an invocation.Could not load file or assembly 'Jscape.Ssh, Version=2.7.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=null' or one of its dependencies.
How do I do it using Splitter EIP ?
I tried using a byte buffer to include TCP Header + Payload using a byte buffer to include IP Header + TCP Header + Payload.
At this point I don't want the user to be able to use the browser back button to go back to the wizard in the state it was, and thus want to expire previous versions of the page with the wizard (I am using so the mounted page will be recreated in a blank state if the page expires when the user goes back, which is what I want).
After all, I edit aspx/c# files most of the day and not web.config, so things tend to slip.
Just make sure you bring cash, that's all they take.
Align a block outside of a table, with a cell in the table I have a table with the following format: I want 'posMe' to be aligned with the 'age' column.
You can either give another control the 0 (if there is one) and give the text box a different tab index (>0), or set to false for the text box to stop this from happening.
I felt the same about my Gyro.
These all do the same thing in that they return a set of points that represent a triangle approximation of the solid.
To be complete, it's default initialized at first, and then copy assigned in the body of constructor.
If N is the number of shades you want (471 in your case) you can do then access c in every loop iteration via .
\n\nLocal foods and brands are center stage here.
There is a feature called 'collection merging' that does exactly this.
The offset seems to be the same in all cases (the number 8), but the rest is different.
The code I had to add to my view controller, after applying the constraints as per the ilya’s answer: In ( refers to the fixed width constraint of the input; it’s probably 0 by default for the second input):
To remove the highlighting, type (short for ).
It has some very specific constraints, which you have to read before doing anything.
so changing would make a difference.
There is very limited seating.\n\nYou can call in your order and pick it up, too.\n\nDefinitely would recommend.
This script works, at least on small subsets, but I know it stores everything in memory.
This particular one creates a textual error message given an error code and some optional parameters that depend on the specific error code.
The is that makes a diff.
Since i am not getting the correct tag value.
In fact, your issue is related to the content negotiation feature of HTTP (Conneg).
Since your tree is essentially an object array, where each object has a label and an optional child array, what you need to prune are array elements, either in the main tree array or in one of it's branches.
will probably be the easiest way forward.
We were also right across from the Speed Street street fair, very nice.
The syntax allows a variable substring to be evaluated, the CALL page has more detail on this technique, in most cases a better approach is to use .
Good draught beer and we never seem to have to wait too long.
They stock everything (EVERYTHING), including: cards, hand puppets, necklaces, books, etc...
So I decided to take a paycheck, and chose a day between visits to get a suite at the Marriott West.
I took the car to Body Works Plus for an estimate.
Update2: as it's name imply, the function only enumerate trusted domain, even when DS_DOMAIN_IN_FOREST is specified, so I'm in square 1.
The surrounding area had very nice places to eat and shop.
Use %0a , it might be helpful.
Than the Westin Charlotte is the place for you.
I am glad we went there for dinner.
only point it at the SQL server and just let them build their custom queries there.
Replace that line with this and it would definitely work.
See for numerous issues on IvokeReqired usage.
Wednesday is Logo Glass Night, and I have several boxes of the great glasses I accumulated over the years.\n\nTheir beers on tap is great, especially for a campus bar.
and one more thing: you're doubling up on promises in your server call.
Anyone looking for a friendly environment with good service and great sound should definately check this place out.
The pancakes are definitely the best item at this dive - the chocolate chip and pumpkin are to die for!
Also please not I can't disable optimizations on the entire project, so that is not an option.
This is a clause that states something about the predicate (,)/2 , which I doubt was the intention.
We also had the pear tart for dessert...
consistently gushes about her pizza and pasta that she had whilst she visited me almost four years ago!
When running this code the root variable contains the complete xml string and the the other IEnumerable variables stay empty.
The angular-material.scss has some mixins like "flex-properties-for-name", but always will create 20 columns with increments of 5%.
Alot of food, resonably priced great service.
I phoned and visited over 10 local dealerships and it was if no one listened to my budget, or desires.
There's a wine kiosk (suck it PA liquor laws), you can buy crazy expensive 6 packs, cheese market, bakery, salad and hot bar, butcher, florist, dry cleaners, international foods, pharmacy, and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area.
GF got the veggie sandwich which has portabellos, spinach, feta and onions (9$).\n\nMy sandwich was great.
So I finally figured out how the iIntegral member of TVITEMEX works.
We still shop here every week for a small bag of goodies.
This is closer to home-cooked Indian food than your average Indian restaurant.
The acess is excellent and if you are willing to pay ~$30, you can park in close.
I liked the dirty rice, mashed potato with gravy and cole slaw too.
The manager even bought us a bottle of wine for us because we had waited \""so long\"".
It tastes very good with the pita bread.
It seems that org.wisdom-framework can provide CPU utilization information and it's easy to add inside Spark.
I thought Professional SQL Server 2005 Performance Tuning by WROX was pretty excellent.
fresh food, fresh sushi, sandwiches, juice bars and the list goes on and on.
The problem is that oldIE doesn't center the text, but all other browsers do.
This guy was proactive which was awesome.
I was so happy with my dessert table, everything turned out absolutely beautiful, like out of a wedding catalog!!!\n\nLinda and her husband are such wonderful, warm people and they made this experience so wonderful and stress free for me!!!
Step 3: Create your solr home directory at a location of your choosing.
Our waitress, Michelle, great person, even suggested we share because the portions were huge.
Since I don't partake in pork, I skipped those and headed straight for the good stuff.
Some of my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh.
Try this: Here is a working Demo .
Is there a way (using ggplot or some other package maybe) to angle the labels of a pie chart in R?
I'd tend to do this though: By the way, notice how much easier the code is to read with some sensible formatting?
When I am using Postmen test it (added Authorization on the header) It's always get a IO issue: .
Problems connecting to database in VB.NET There are new events happen when i adjust the connection string show me error with com.ExecuteNonQuery() any suggestion ?
My hair is really thick and was driving me crazy in the heat.
You have not initialized To fix this, in your onCreate method you can do something like:
As explained on the NSView reference page, the z-order of a view's subview is given by their oder in the view's array.
This should be considered a last resort.
It seems like this makes the job of keeping audio and video in sync much more difficult.
\n\nStart with the wife of the wife and husband team, who greets you warmly as you come in.
Pretty much your only choice, given the constraints you've given us, is to generate a temp table with enough columns (dynamically), and populate that.
The servers were running around and busy but made sure that our table was attended well.
Nor does it tell you whether reformulating the query would help.
The seasonal cocktail menu was also great- I had the rum spiced cider and a pumpkin pie cocktail.
When you call Paper.text method with string array, Snap.svg creates tspan elements under the text element.
Double-click ad unit lookup for div failed (DFP error)?
I was so happy that it was within very short walking distance from the tire place, saving me from a fast-food breakfast.\nI did the gyro omelette with hash browns and a biscuit.
So, is there any way to determine if this happens with a tree, other than validating the data for those problems before generating the tree, or running a comprehensive testing a number of times big enough to rule out the random variation?
The tuna was very clean, served with nicely grilled sourdough.
CSS help for RadioButtonList After spending a lot of time, I've come to realize that I need some external help related to a CSS problem.
In your screenshot, the outlets look correctly defined, but occasionally an old outlet definition can get left in the underlying XML and cause this type of crash.
I have found some that were close though.
I pulled into this unassuming restaurant for lunch.
THey also have pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are looking for some light lunch food.
They have a small lot but we usually have to park on the street.\n\nI wish this beer garden was located in warmer weather so I could enjoy it all year long!
They have a lot of colors.
How to perform heroku-like deployment on shared hosting?
I've never had a bad meal here.
They were able to deliver the same day too!
On the fly website manipulation using I am trying to work out if I can alter the functionality of a website preferably through vba (access) or any other way that I can centrally manage.
Some more fair questions might be: Are new repositories being set up more in SVN or CVS?
RedirectToAction returns to calling Action Inside my Index action I call my NotFound Action.
Alex made a special effort to make sure our time there was enjoyable.
Very reasonably priced, they do a wonderful job with my German Shepherd.
It's also pre-packaged for Meteor .
I think this is what you want to do...
They were generous with the table bread and I really liked their goat cheese yogurt spread.
I ordered their spicy soup with shrimp and it was very good and actually spicy and had a lot of veggies in it.
No reason to redraw the lines if the data isn't changing.
U gotta see the stadium if ur in nc.
Awesome selection & the staff kicks it, arse that is \nThat being said, support them.
One of my favorite Thai places, maybe ever.
She also knew exactly what colors to put together to achieve the shade I wanted for Fall.
Never had food from their taco stand (but it looks super delish), but I have been to the grocery store a few times now, and I dig it.\n\nOne of the major bummers about moving from Chicago to Pittsburgh was the total lack of a significant Latino population.
\n\nSo, chain or not, this place is great for putting on the swag and showing your guests or yourself a fancy meal out.
Some days it seems that there are too many pharmacists and not enough people for customer service; however they are generally very apologetic when things run behind.
Either use SFTP or just plain FTP on an secure, encrypted connection.
I have created some relationships where 2 models work together, currently they are and .
\n\nFor dinner I went with the Southwest Turkey burger.
Can we do something to restrict scope of variable to module level in php to avoid such conflicts.
The following contrived examples do not have a unique solution.
Do you think this is sufficient?
It was very cool to watch her use her talent to shape each individual's cut to their preferred style and preference, which is what we all hope for in the chair but don't always get.
This is the first restaurant I ate at in Charlotte 15 yrs ago.
Can you confirm (exact cut and paste) the command line you're using, and show us the function definition with some context around it?
“ segment of the url will be crossed out with the red line and there will be a lock symbol to the left.
My Fiddle for RenderTarget Sprite Problem as you can see there, the rendertarget is correctly display on the plane and there is a sprite with screenspace coordinates in there but it does not show the renderTarget.
btw, it's Emacs 23.2 on Win XP
their hot dogz are FANTASTIC and i only had a beef dog with sauerkraut, not exactly anything fancy.
even when there are three people ahead of me, I'm not worried about spending too much of my time waiting.
The staff really loves cycling and shares their extensive knowledge with you to help find the best bike for you.
The vet explains everything what wrong whit my baby dog maya and all the staff was so friendly.
The vector itself is never copied.
I can't use google to wrap them.
Also can this be applied to background images as well ?
I've also tried the NotFound as a ViewResult.
Another great little surprise wall Bell's Two Hearted on draught here!
Here is how my looks: And here's how I am loading the .qm file: The problem is, if I provide any alternate Latin string to "sayhello", it's not loading at all.
They also sometimes carry some more interesting things to plant.\n\nThe real reason you should visit here, though, is for the advice and expertise of the owners who know their neighborhood and the surroundings.
I have single folder with multiple files inside it.
The map says 1.5 miles away and I don't have a car - going to have to hoof it.\n\nShow up about 7:30pm on a Wed.
Maybe the peers might get more regular service that way, it depends what your code has to do with every request.
\n\nIn addition to looking and behaving posh and professional, the wait staff also managed to always be near enough to get you something if you needed it, but rarely so intrusive that they were a bother.
I was very happy with the advice and the result.
I hadn't been in Pino's since they renovated, but I have to say that they made the interior beautiful.
The food never looks good so I haven't tried it.\n\nI sometimes stop here for coffee before work, the baristas are always friendly--even at 6:02 am, right after opening.
It ensures that there is no cross request interference (like one request manipulating data on a shared dbcontext on another request).
Fresh produce selection is great and very fresh.
The first 3 characters are missing in the corrupted one - compare Either their mail server, mail program, anti-virus or some such program has removed the first few chars, which seems to be causing the confusion when Word tries to open it.
They have pizza, soups and sandwiches and this place opens late hours also.
when I click the button the app stops.No error in the code.
Without question, this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region.
It's value is totally differs from the expected, because you setting absolute values not relatives.
I dream of their chai, and there's no return now that they have shown me the beauty of an espresso shot in my chai!!
I.e: (Note that the only lines I added are at the beginning and end of the function).
Bahaha!\n\nSo what is so great about this place?
You won't find too many kids in here, which I appreciate.
How does this code optimize minification?
However, in that case, since each process is only handling a single connection, I would just assign each process a unique port when it is started, rather than having it try to find an available one.
I will list the graph below.
If I lived in the neighborhood, I would focus my ordering on the rotating seasonal entrees.
The yank buffer is private to vim, not shared with the system clipboard.
What I want to do now is extend the program to also find nearby WiFi client devices.
First, you need to export the certificate.
Managing the code For ease of management, keep the processing code and the app "in the app".
Maybe it's just that I'm so ecstatic to have my feet back on the ground, or maybe it's that airports like Charlotte's instill in me a sense of adventure, even a bit of nostalgia for the days when flying was a bit more romantic.
\nIt is the best place to get tea infusers, and they have all kinds of cute ones like ones that look like tea bags, and the one that looks like a monkey.
The Oakland location you'll find is often full of Pitt or Carnegie Mellon students, whereas the Squirrel Hill and Shadyside locations usually have a more yuppie-type clientele.\n\nPamela's hotcakes are a masterpiece.
It has the prefered sound and enough televisions so no matter how busy it is, my neck isn't cramped and I don't have to strategically place myself to listen to a game.
First, I guess it should be OAuth issue, I add at the class but not work.
we can directly find the upper bound by saying to ignore lower order terms and constants in the equation f(n)= 3n^2-9n , result will be the same Θ(n^2)
The only dish I don't like and got confused with is their Walnut Shrimp.
For $11 + tip + tax, it had enough varieties.
I'm making a page which has an image slider.
And the chicken barcelona is fantastic!!\n\nCozy yet great for groups (they have a large section in the back for groups and overflow), this place has lots of charm and delicious dishes you must try!
I've been coming here for the past couple of years and have always found items that were difficult to come by, deals that couldn't be resisted and always helpful staff.
I'm currently 28,000 feet in the air and Yelping to avoid thinking about that fact and the two hyperactive 8 year olds who are literally wrestling in the seat behind me.
I hope someone can help me!
I hope that this isn't too confusing and that you understand my problem.
Line 4 will add a foreign key constraint to at the database level.
For my most recent lunch visit, I decided to change it up a bit and went for the cheesesteak with a side of boiled red potatoes.\n\nI chuckled when my food arrived.
\n\nThis is just a wonderful neighborhood bar.
Also the files were in XML.
Great service, great food at a reasonable price!
From the soups, to apps to the main dishes, is very good food.
Adding observer to NSNotificationCenter second time causes EXC_BAD_ACCESS Hypothetical scenario: In my method I am adding view controller as an observer for custom notification (say, notification ).
\nNot good for Kids who aren't patient but my 6 year old did great!
It's a great place to hang out and work.
Calculating out of basic logic, theoretically 1 GHz can do 1 billion calculations/second.
The franks are boiled and they are fat and juicy.
\n\nOne thing I appreciate about this restaurant is the frequency of daily-specials they offer during lunch.
The people working were incredibly nice and helpful people.
\n\nBest part of all...they are not expensive at all for less than $10 you can get a very filling hot meal...which in my book is not bad at all!\n\nThe staff here are all super friendly and the manager walks around asks about your day and even refills your drinks!
How can I declare a global variable in ruby on rails?
I guess the question is: Can I send a query to email server (such as Hotmail or Yahoo) and get returned emails?
We had Sunday brunch upstairs and I was very pleased with the quality and quantity of the dishes and the service.
The in time period needs to #10 or the TB can wait for a posedge of clk before setting signal "in".
Wow this place was pretty great.
I need to know when CollapsingToolbar from material design library is collapsed.
My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it!
I also tried '.{1,160}\s|.{1,160}' but this does not work because the final sequence is just the remaining text after the last space.
\n\nThe jumbo lump crab cakes were absolutely amazing.
Plus they have soccer goals set up.
Thanks to other reviews, I was aware that O or T's specialty martinis are dessert-y drinks rather than your typical martini.
I was in real trouble with my car and needed immediate repairs and he managed to fit me into his busy schedule and charged a fair price for the work.
Use instead, which is basically an append of rows.
Always going to the same place yet not really.
I struggeld for many hours on this.
My function is: For some reason, whenever I include my partial view within the function, my console shows that it is unable to locate the document.
Do they need to be added in source control?
Avoidance of specificying classes/types everywhere through type inference .
I am already booked for my next visit at the end of the month...right on time to get sexy for New Years Eve.
Don't go to Double Door expecting some sort of top-shelf, Fillmore-esq music venue.
One of the sections has a link to download a pdf.
No matching function (input/output) I am writing a program which works with input/output and I have a problem with two functions in my code: and .
This is where i call home...
Can't save data to Access Database I learnt this programming from other sources, and I also downloaded his file to test is it works.
I agree with Dion...I ADORE Dean & Deluca, but boy oh boy, those prices...\""sticker shock\""!
Probably my fav place to shop in Champaign.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet.
\n\nThe restaurant is really nothing pretty and there are a total of 3 tables.
Google indexed my page (at least I can see in webmastertools it has) but when using webmastertools I look at it shows non processed content of my angularJS templates only and names of my binded variable names e.g.
Be prepared to drop at least $100.
Since a list comprehension definitionally generates another list, you can't use it to generate a single value.
When I press my menu label button, the navigation bar slides down and when I then proceed to another page the dropdown menu acts if it was open but it is not so when I press the menu label button again the navigation bar slides up instead of down and after that it works normally.
There are several reasons for that.\n\nAfter moving back to Charlotte a couple of weeks ago from the West Coast, I heard a funny noise coming from the rear axle of my '05 S2000.
Bryan had the flounder which was prepared perfectly over incredible risotto......
According to php manual random_bytes : Generates cryptographically secure pseudo-random bytes openssl_random_pseudo_bytes : Generate a pseudo-random string of bytes so main difference is the cryptographically secure The openssl_random_pseudo_bytes() PHP function calls the RAND_psuedo_bytes() OpenSSL function, which the OpenSSL docs say should only be used for non-cryptographic purposes:
Try This one, May be help full indexPath.row increase one by one and your images name also increasing one by one....
I don't have kids, but I imagine this is pretty much the same as dropping them off at daycare.
Previous posts are correct in that compatibility mode appears to be based entirely on file names.
Some platforms have underlying limits, but NIO works around them with multiple OS selectors per Should use a number of threads and have a selector in each for handling a specific number of sockets?
Our one tactical error was sitting in the bar for the view.
Second, a is designed to return a set of objects that are of the same entity type and potentially separated into sections.
\n\nWe came on a Sunday and, shockingly, it wasn't that crowded, so you should be able to get in without too much trouble.
He calmed my pets down and they loved him immediately, even falling asleep during the exam.
You can force the spout to always start from the latest offset by passing in -1, and you can force it to start from the earliest offset by passing in -2.
\n\nI order the fajitas-burrito, my date ordered the (grilled) shrimp tacos.
I am using Spring DI for getting connection.
he even hooked us up with a special event dessert platter.
See if that takes care of it for you.
Park Copps -- I really deserve Metcalfe's!) or other like grocers.
Outside of dinner after 7 pm here you can get in and out fairly quickly and feel that you got what if not more than you paid for.
If you go in the early morning you can also watch the Truax Fire Department Trucks circle the air field on their morning rounds.
Be sure if your craving sushi when in the strip take the walk down.
How to solve this kind of problem?
Frugal MacDoogal's is a nice beer and liquor warehouse located on the state line next to Carowinds.
Thus the difference is always 0.
No one has reviewed this place yet?\n\nJenifer Street is the go-between market for those of us who don't necessarily want to shop at Woodman's but also don't want to spend a lump of cash at the Co-Op.
I am going to assume that she didn't know much about Peruvian food either.
Dose z3 find all satifiable models There are some constraints such as x + y > 5 , x > 3 , y &lt; 4, so the set of models x = 4 y= 3, which is given by z3.
Therefore, what we need to do is specify initial points for each run of the algorithm .
Breadworks has great bread although I usually only buy it in the summer because I make my own bread.
No, I don't know of any.
I just try not to think of the lambs that were slaughtered so I could enjoy them rolled up in a tasty pita, dripping with tzatziki cucumber sauce.
If they are looking at current month or even current year, it should still show yesterday as that period level has not yet finished.
\n\nI made SURE to stop at Empire while in CU because I was dreaming about their crab rangoons.
If you change the to the space will disappear.
A hidden gem, can't believe it took me five years to find out about Rusty's, great lunchtime crowd.
— Note the instead of the .
Any pointers on where I'm going wrong would be greatly appreciated.
I bought my first pair here about a month plus ago and I still receive compliments on those pair.
C90 6.1.2.5 (there are no paragraph numbers, but it's the first paragraph on page 23 of the PDF) says: A computation involving unsigned operands can never overflow, because a result that cannot be represented by the resulting unsigned integer type is reduced modulo the number that is one greater than the largest value that can be represented by the resulting unsigned integer type.
I know that we can ignore these properties during serialization: But what about deserialization process?
But the problem I would run into is not being able to filter between 2 times (basically 2 strings of numbers) in an exposed filter.
This will be a good application to start with.
In certain circumstances, it can be beneficial to use the same pattern when designing your own classes because this enables polymorphism , which is essentially where different classes share a common interface and can be handled similarly by your code.
Every employee and volunteer at Classroom Central is really passionate about what they do.
However, regardless of iOS version, the developer is not charged for using maps.
Currently I am achieving this with and comparing them using structure.
The oysters and mussels were excellent and the filet melts in your mouth.
Have you read the original paper ?
Butterflies flying around everywhere and even quail running around.
Super old school, but quite cool.
Great place to hang out with friends or to go on a date.\n\nI recommend the sundaes at this place.
True to the hype my friend declared what I'm sure has been spoken many times that this is the \""best burger he's ever had\"".
That means that the number of attached databases cannot be increased above 62.
Not a huge NY style stack of pastrami.
Although they provide compound graphs but they dont provide that much flexibility (like adding marker view/toast) .
Image in ListView that goes off-screen loses its state (never set to 'loaded') The situation: I have a large list of photos and we are loading them in a grid of thumbnails.
Subsequently, that was the last time I stepped into a PF Changs until I recently moved back to Pittsburgh.
Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well.
You could use sets for that, but a can not be added to a set unfortunately.
A little expensive but first class customer service and fresh veggies and food all the way around.
Tenant union- if you have issues with your land lord\n7.
The only thing I would tweak would be the decor.
They definitely have a sense of humor about them, though: above the men's and women's bathrooms is a neon sign that reads cock/tails.
All the other clauses don't apply to objects but only to pointers, pointers to functions, etc.
I think it will get created automatically.
easy_install with various versions of python installed, mac osx I have various versions of python on a mac OSX 10.6 machine, some of them installed with macports: The default or system version is .
They have free weights, universal machines, treadmills, stair climbers, elliptical machines, bikes, a running track, basketball courts, volleyball courts, an indoor soccer field, an indoor pool and outdoor water park, aerobic classes, massage services, personal trainers, racquetball courts, a conference room, a full service bar, a flat grill menu, and probably much more.
A, B, X, Y are found from some calculations This gives me an "object or method not supported" error or something like that, on the Set TempRng line.
The reason is the overlapping elements.
There is a very nice gym in the basement - cardio and strength equipment (if that isn't good enough, you can get a free pass to Golds a few blocks away).\n\nOne caution - this place does tend to fill up / usually the first hotel downtown to sell out.
See what you get when you use .
If people download the page, they will see With this they automatically assume that the url is: So, they can view/retrieve what the function prints, plus, they might try to get some bugs.
Coleslaw is also a can't-miss item north of Illinois and this place has it right too.
\n\nBottom line: boring corporate setting, the opposite of boring food.
The salmon carpaccio last night is the best I've ever had.
This would be (assuming that you are using the MVVM Light's ViewModelLocator and that your VM is named Main) {Binding Source={StaticResource Locator}, Path=Main.EditCar} Cheers, Laurent
The documentation for the API can be found at Note that there is a Delete Deployment specifically at Just like Neil's examples you'll use calls direct to the REST API.
I couldn't be happier with the result of their visitation.
They carry my beloved Temptations soy ice cream even in chocolate chip cookie dough.
(except for a blonde that works there - she is in a pissy mood EVERY time I am in there, but the other employees are exceptionally friendly and helpful).
Calls to and will result in
As a vegetarian who still likes to pretend to eat meat, I so appreciate their multiple veggie options.
The text box has a of 0 and set to true.
This is my AsyncTask.class This is listner.class This is my fragment where i want to repeat asynctask (I have activity with two tabs, each tabs is a fragment)
Here is an example using the installed flow: An alternative to authorization via storing and using a refresh token to acquire a new access token in your installed application is to use a server to server service account authorization flow.
VS2013 Import Namespace "syntax error" I am customizing a WSDL help file for a webservice.
There were many people seated on the downstairs patio, and it looked to have been cooler than the small (packed) dining room.
To reproduce anyone can define in the AppDelegate and put a Breakpoint in .
mysql multi group sum Below is my payments mysql 5.7.9 table need hlpe to write a query payments Expected result Calculation Logic: sum (itemprice per order-item-code) + sum(itemfees per order-item-code) + sum (other-transcation per order-id) / distinct of order-item-id in order-id other transcation is the shipping fee charged on a order, I need to divide the sum of other transcations with no of unique items present in the order.
Luckily for me, this restaurant is only a five-minute walk from work so it's always one of my top choices for lunch.
I'm trying to work with a third party library.
Luckily I had plenty of time, but I saw tons of people running down the long terminal corridors to get to their gate.
Farm fresh eggs from their hen's, herbs from the garden and all the other ingredients were local.
They have one of the best breakfasts in Pittsburgh.
Why the recommend configuration keep all this things?
Good people and good customer service
Staff are very friendly and patient.
How to load more than 20 image from instagram?
Adding labels to pie chart in R...
\n\nSteaks do reign on the entree menu, and I recommend going with the options which include the large chunks of fresh crab meat on top.
Definitely worth a listen while seated at the bar, or eating in that dining room.
Read on o' Downtown diners!\n\nIt figures.
They live about 5 or so miles from the actual fest and because drinking and driving is never in style, they'd gone ahead and arranged a day in advance for 2 cabs to come pick our group of 7 up at their place of residence at 8:45pm.
Just not in my current project.
In order to being able to bind a class that implements the functional interface, the bootstrap method must first create a class at runtime which look like the following for example: After creating these classes, the invokedynamic instruction is bound to invoke the factory method that is defined by the first class to the call site.
The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited.
\n\nWe'll go back, I want to try the Pizza.
You can't append to a at all ( s are immutable ), and extending to a with requires another list.
We've had him for 3 weeks and he's got an awful cough that hasn't been responsive to any antibiotics.
I had the goat cheese chicken sandwich and it was excellent!
\n\nI would definitely recommend Blue for a nice dinner or as a cool place to stop in for bevvies and appetizers.
We move on and find each dish to be equally yummy.
Crash 2 has higher reproducible rate than crash 1, scan WebCore source code, it seems be manifest cache has been deleted (who did it?) when try to access it.
It sounds like your project would benefit from using an IOC container that could inject a instance by default that does whatever you want it to do as default behavior.
You can't do the above as far as I know.
The Javascript to extract the value and the send the GET request should be working.
I've just moved to Champaign and even though I've only been here a few weeks, this bar makes me feel at home.
\n\nNow, I have been working on my Cantonese, but it's not great...so I will explain my favorite dishes using my lame english terms.
I defeintely recommend fish or even sandwiches, burger.
For my purposes it works well.
It didn't call , it went through the - cycle!
A claim from website A will not be sent to website B.
The script does not work if is removed i.e.
You can easily check it by setting the grid search procedure in verbose mode: More generally, the number of calls is the product of the number of value per parameter, times k , +1 if you refit the best parameters on the full training set (which happens by default).
I am on the shorter side and have never had trouble seeing, no matter where I was seated.
UDP packets have a theoretical limit of circa 65kb and TCP no upper limit, but you'll have flow control problems if you use packets much more than a few kilobytes.
You didn't provide example output or what it's used for but what I'd normally do is create a simple value object.
Adding foreign key constraints is unfortunately not an option.
And...what would a German restaurant be without some accordian music?
Within less than 20 minutes the place was packed.
I found a solution here: I didnt push my variables but assigned them to dataLayer.
Had the Acana Ranchlands dog food that I was looking to get Cheppie and PItzie.
It works just fine in Chrome and Firefox.
Django's logging settings would look like this, The reason for this error's inconsistacy is bacause, pisa maynot use logger all the time.
Like the Manor Twin it is owned by the biggest of movie theater chains, Regal, but it looks much like it has since it opened.\n\nMy wife and I have been to about 30 movies here, and have never been disappointed with the service.
This is the lowest version of the SDK that you're interested in supporting.
Because of #1 I made the entire site So no matter where a user was on the site, they could log in and their entire session would be encrypted.
So, the question is: can I get something like MS Excel table with the same functionallity using JavaFX 2?
I mean, HOLYYYY MOTHER THIS IS PERFECT.
However, while I am able to "continuously" send data to my server, a delay of 200 ms is still a lot.
The balance is between lunch and dinner.
\n\nHere's is where I met the charming Kara last week, with whom I had a great consultation.
Here is how I would do.
I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.
I have forsaken my darling Adrian's for Angelo's...
my husband Rick asked me to drop off his shoes to get them resoled here.
I met a friend for high tea on a weekday so we were the only ones there which we didn't mind at all given that we both brought our two year old children.
\n\nThe service is quite slow and it is pretty expensive, so I reserve going here for when I really need a treat.
I've been running into a bit of an issue with OdbcDataReader.GetValue(int) attempting to call OdbcDataReader.internalGetDate for a string field.
Iam using an ashx file(handler) for creating xml.
None of it was particularly memorable, and in fact the Peking Duck skin was *not* crispy, but the presentation was spot on.
However, I ended up buying everything from Stamoolis instead.
How to customize this query, It takes around 30 Second to take out results, total records in 'videos' table are about 0.5 million, 3 million members are present in 'Members' Table, is there any alternate Query or should i break this query in 2 select queries ?
I try to go here for lunch at least once a week.
You're missing the block for while.
\n\nCan't wait to go back and try dinner (Complete with accordion player!?) or their brunch buffet.
However, I DID remember to set my DataContext, ie.
And several if not all of us will be in costume.
I've heard about this place, I've seen this place, and I've wanted to try this place.
After moving out of Charlotte, the BBQ King is one of the restaurants that I miss the most.
I drove on out and went home with three dollars still in my wallet!
Use to make sure your path is correct.
Definitely recommended for a good basic American style chinese neighborhood place.
or or or What is the best way ?
What you need is to write tests with a testing framework, for exapmle The dependencies you need ( , ) must be in your classpath.
I like this Target, so I am pleased with the new changes (especially Starbucks)!
Loop through nested object in jquery Iam newbie to jquery.
It's always crowded, but you can wait in the wine bar--if that's not also packed to the brim(which it usually is).
It's a tomato based semi broth with rice and shrimp.
\nNice drinks\nFriendly staff\n\nI will return!!\n\n\nLOCAL NOT FOR PROFIT
But it was good and their customer service was good.
Please can someone help with this?
None the less we found seats close to the big screen.
A possible solution to this is to create fields for the both models.
If you are going to have a js file it should be an Erb file.
If only for consistency I would rate Mi Cocina a three, and with never having a bad meal I definitely would go with a high 3.5 - 4 stars.\n\nLast time I had the fried tilapia tacos, and I especially enjoyed the spicy cream-based sauce that was served on the side.
:)\nThe environment is not that welcoming for staying.
with the .html extension) the Tab Size remains 4.
Bring a bib---or turn your cape around.
Any help in this regards greatly appreciated.and it is urgent
You cannot request that service in the constructor, using the Symfony base class, as the service container is set after initialization.
How tho define the order of columns in a query answer?
I have been here multiple times and it is truly the best place for food on Green Street.
Most times I want to do string comparisons I want them to be case insensitive.
\n\nI climbed in the free fall area without ropes.
He's right...there are some guys who sit in there, but have you ever said hello?
It wAs very soothing to me especially with the stress of getting from one side of the airport to the other.
\n\nUnion Cab did miss the mark as far as sending the two cabs that we'd ordered more than a day in advance to arrive at 8:45pm.
What's great about MCN is that the stylists make sure to talk to you in depth about your cut before picking up the scissors, and are great about pausing at certain points in the cut to make sure that you're happy with the way it's going.
It looks something like: __ _ __ | __ _ __ _ __ | __ _ __ As the audio plays, the peaks seem to move towards each other so the second peak really does seem to be a mirrored duplicate of the first.
Located in North Charlotte off exit 16 (Sunset Blvd West), this place is simple and tries to be nothing more.
I was very happy with the amount of food and the quality for the price
I got this to work by combining both of the answers already provided; Wrap the into its own Remove the fixed property from the element in the CSS Add to this element as required.
Bind a popup to another draggable popup relatively I use a jQuery UI dialog in which there is another pop-up.
\n\nI really cannot wait to go again.
When given the option, I always choose Douglas when planning a flight with a layover.
We called in advance and the managers were all very kind - they told us to stop by their office and say, \""Hello\"" even.
The owners were actually sitting at the bar at the same time and seemed to know most of the regulars as well.
If possible please post exact error message.
Over the years we gave celebrated many birthdays & anniversaries here .
My expression matches with the string if I receive only.
multiple form within one HTML table Out of a really long product list I am creating a table.
Great service behind the bar, and a really informative tour.
As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.
Download the SDK 7.0.0.27 and install it via UPDI then apply import.
We walked in and were surprised by how quiet and welcoming the atmosphere was.
The grains were mild and complimented the tuna.
The shuttle bus guy nodded his approval and said that they were a company that prided themselves on good customer service.
They have Salsa dancing on Thursdays that can get pretty busy.\n\nI usually come here midweek, but hear that weekends are fun too.
Apparently, emptying the ReSharper cache: In menu, ReSharper > Options > Environment > General > Clear Caches and disabling and re-enabling ReSharper: In menu, Tools > Options > ReSharper > General > Suspend / Restore did the trick for me.
I had a cup of shrimp bisque that was outstanding, and the grilled chicken po'boy tasted very fresh (the shredded romaine lettuce was much appreciated).
If you omit clause, you won't get consistent order.
What's the easiest method to solve this?
Tried adding it a couple of times, but this doesn't seem to trigger anything.
I ordered the Fried Pickles as an appetizer.
Finding a decent, honest auto mechanic is always a battle.
It was a 65% positive experience.
The other reviews are right about Starbucks.
I also need to store which device(s) they are applicable too.
I build a test environment in the is replaced by for simplicity.
UPDATE: with regards to Jacks answer the preg_replace did not help but here is what i did, i used the bin2hex() to determine that the part that "is not the part i want" is efbbbf i did this by taking $jap into str replace and removing the japanese i am expecting to find, and what is left goes into the bin2hex.
If you want alcohol with your meal go elsewhere as well.
Overall I thought it was a nice meal and nice place with reasonable prices for the amount of food you receive.
How to do an accent insensitive grep?
Now when you call holder set to tag of convertView object and then you call which overrides the tag as both objects are same.
Also how to keep in memory all channels to write the data to each client ?
clean, spacious rooms, lots of closet space, 24/7 fitness hours, extended pool hours 6am-11pm.
Much better than the first time I visited.
Instead of saying he could fix it and charging me what I am sure would have been a pretty penny he was honest and that is a sign of an honest tailor!
They do tend to cater to my needs.
alot of people love the hot molten chocolate cake..
Their egg drop soup is pretty decent.\n\nI can't say I am impressed with their other dishes.
The bar is pretty lame, but I'm guessing most go here for a sit down dinner.
It's fun just to stroll thru and look (and listen) to all the options bubbling thru all makes of vessels and sculptures.
Even if you omit the doublequotes around "-1" from the code above, the data will change to "-1".
When I try to connect to mysql not with root account (via phpmyadmin) - phpmyadmin says that it cannot connect to mysql.
If you want cheap fried seafood, head on over to Long John Silvers or Captain D's.
My personal fave is the Pollo Chipotle sandwich with skinny fries.
You have to bring your own ammunition of course or buy theirs.
I took my dad there today to give him some dim-sum experience.
Any ideas where I can find my cache so I can delete it folks?
Most of the reports come from users with Samsung phones.
Checks the current selection against an expression and returns true, if at least one element of the selection fits the given expression.
the problem is that my fontawesome is working in development mode when when i compile my assets(production env) and run the server in production env, its not able to load fontawesome.
Cajun Queen is in an old house in the Elizabeth community (my community) and has great ambiance.
For example in Unix, if the thread is waiting on a "read" call, the termination attempt (a Unix signal) will make the "read" call abort with an error code before the thread is destroyed.
Not too sweet and I despise sweet drinks.
what about checking the referral ?
I'm confused in that two arguments to your function, my_dt1 and my_dt2, do not seem to be used.
We tried the pho, spring rolls, and lemongrass chicken; all were well worth ordering again.
The potatoes are rather large with a gratuitous amount of toppings.
If this is your case, I would switch into the global gemset and uninstall Rails.
I have to object strenuously to a few of the drinks on the menu.
Stayed here because I was in town for a wedding.
When you come to this place it really looks like a dump but once you enter you get a really good service depending on how busy they are.
Try explicitly returning the focus back to main window: Btw, if this is how you make parallel rendering consider using render targets or swap chains instead.
It was good, but not great.
for $5.25 you get a cheeseburger (I get mine with chili & slaw), side and tea.
My code like this, please note the single quotes in query string: If I don't explicitly call encodeURIComponent before make AJAX call, jQuery will encode it for me, however, the single quotes are not encoded to %27 by default, so query doesn't work; If I pass an encoded query string to jQuery, it will encode again, that messes up the query string.
I needed it to take a little break and I decided, what better way to get caught up on all the museums and cultural institutions in the 'Burgh?\n\nTo say that the Carnegie is THE Pittsburgh Cultural Institution is indeed an understatement and as I live in nearby Squirrel Hill, I am so happy to have it within walking distance.
Here is my shortened code snippet: Alert says true because evalJson is not done processing JSON data yet (21kb gzipped).
While I have been to more informative tours and more impressive stadiums, I had a very good time.
The thought of the cheese/olive room is enough to bring a tear to my eye.
And tasting the capuccino here taught me that you really dont need to go to some fancy place like Pekara, Cafe Kopi, or Caffe Bene for the best capuccinos.
It was a HUGE serving, perfect for sharing and definitely fulfilled our chocolate craving.
This may be further off topic than you want to go but NSubstitute is a great mocking library that handles this very well.
We have frequented here for a little over a year and always leave very pleased.
Python (86 chars) Produces infinite sequence on stdout.
I am not sure whether they cooked them there fresh or not, but they were delicious.
I never felt like I was bullied or strong-armed into making a choice, and whenever I had questions they were answered to my satisfaction.
The wall off coffee can be intimidating, but the staff is knowledgeable and helpful without being pretentious.
This is the place I imagine sneaking into on an evening spent with that charming someone who captures your heart with the slightest smile.
Maybe you are writing something wrong here: shuold be does it work in other browsers?
All the staff was friendly and Dr.
The bulk selection is one of the best I've ever seen, and I truly appreciate the salad bar on busy days.
I like walking, and took the stairs, which actually does not lead into the salon.
If you are looking for vegan cheese, this place has a humongous selection including Sheese, which my bud says is really hard to find.
Tammy fixed my favorite sunglasses (not purchased at eyemart) at no charge!
I realize it's much older, but I'm curious if it's related to using the CLT on JDK 1.8.
Can I have a second please...
\n\nOverall I give this an overwhelming thumbs-up!
The bar is very nice is well.
The views in the morning are beautiful, traveling through all the small quaint downtown and mountain ranges.
It's even better when they have a lounge singer in the background.
\n\nSwing in and ask for my favorite bartender, Joy to make you her ultimate bloody mary made with Effen Cucumber Vodka.
i've tried updating the table, destroying it, hidden tags, but the main problem seems to be that the datatables fails to recognize any change after the initialization..
This is a quiet little nook in Highland Park that is perfect for tea, coffee, snacks and getting some work done or catching up with an old friend.
When display subjects under particular category I need to add a HTML table with 2 columns to display subjects..
I cannot tell you how many times I have lost packages via USPS, however I have never had a single package lost from UPS.
I'm not, though, and while the first time I went I wondered if I was going to feel intimidated, I was immediately put at ease.
How to insert manually the FKs?
Engle was excellent, and I look forward to continuing to work with Providence Eye.
I knew they would enjoy Girasole but the wait was long so we wound up sitting outside on the patio even though it was a little cold.
The examples only show how to create a keyspace for configuring replication strategy options.
You could modify it to check which barcode is scanned specifically, and load the right web view accordingly.
When 16-bit linear types are used, they are typically signed.
In documentation it says: The raw data is the only thing guaranteed to be saved.
\n\nThis is a great little hardware store with all the smaller items of a typical store, but a little less in terms of large items like wood, fencing, etc.
The washers are newer and I feel like they actually got my clothes clean.\nThere is a starbucks nearby and you can get wifi from nearby businesses.
\n\nThe service is great some shifts, and shifty other shifts, but the setting makes up for it.\n\n In addition to the baby grand piano in the corner of the first floor-- there's a fireplace and large TV on the second floor, and a balcony for outside seating.
Green tea or red bean ice cream is the only way to end this perfect meal!
Should I add publish_actions for review after migrating old app to Graph API v2.2?
Image is attached, Please help I'm not expert in kohana framework.
Like I said before, raw toppings, so it was a shock to bite into raw cheese and onion.
Its supposed to receive a result any moment!
Everything seems to be in working order but when the code runs it does not remove the multiple selected objects from the canvas.
Is there any way to make phonegap work with server side html + js source?
Sure, I still hit the Co-Op up for some things, but they're the things I know I can only get there.\n\nAnyway, this store is great and it's a neighborhood fixture.
You might need this parameter if you are using the same delegate method to handle the callbacks for multiple controls.
This store is my favorite place in Pittsburgh and you are missing out if you have not visited!
The waitresses do a great job with the specials and describing the menu.
I can't remember a small plate I did not like and can remember a few I wish would come back.....uhhh soft shells...
Upon leaving MCN Salon with my hair cut and colored to perfection, I can tell you my prayers were answered.
What I'd understand from the first quote, is that is called on activity when is "hidden".
I would recommend visiting Al Mikes with out-of-towners, after work drinks or a romantic dinner date.
How can I read the value of a custom field from my Sitecore Webforms?
tell us more about what you want to do and we may suggest you an alternative.
I do this but i get the following error message: Here is my portal-test.xml file: What I'm doing wrong?
The cook (guy in apron) was very friendly and kept coming back to us to see if we need anything.
Food and service is always on point.
I got the blue gill/lake perch combo and my fiancee got the Caribbean salmon.
The Benedum Center is home to some of the finest productions currently on tour.
What a lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon!
We had subconsciously retained the man-woman divide throughout the evening.
I was prepared to be disappointed by the food again but I instead I had to kick myself on that last review.
Here is a sample: The functions gets all the checked items (productID’s) and creates an array and then places that array in a Session("arrCompare"); I then redirect to ProductCompare.aspx page where loop through the array and display each item.
Both orders arrived promptly and smoking hot to our table.
You can use, Your html, Create class called , Simply apply class when Checkbox is checked Fiddle Demo
They are great even days later.
The food was delicious, the beer, every recipe sampled, was amazing and the service was wonderful.
For a low-traffic site, you should have no trouble fitting it in your 512MB VPS along with your PHP sites.
It's not overkill with meat falling all over the place.
Some shops will try to sell you a 4 wheel alignment when all you need is a 2 wheel alignment.
Friendly staff, and the prices are not much more than you would be paying at Petco or similar places.
They've got racks of books outside that will charm you and entice you to come inside, and once you do you'll be sure to find a great selection and gifty items on top of it.
I have a problem, I need to check the connection between client server, i need to get the response time in ms between the client and a "x" server with php, how I can do that?
If i'm not getting your question wrongly, your question mysql solution would be But when we convert our desire query to laravel, so its will look alike: And its also one query not multiple as per laravel 4.2 docs, If you still confuse to implement it, let me know.
And that means that either the device ID or property name are incorrect.
elasticsearch boosting slowing query this is a very novice question but I'm trying to understand how boosting certain elements in a document works.
Each sausage was delicious and presented beautifully with a dollop of sour kraut and a bit of mustard.
Should I just drop the way I am doing things now and do it using the plugin descriptor and property testers?
Broiled salmon topped with tomatoes, spinach, mozzarella cheese, and shrimp scampi.
Code example: If you want to listen to imeoptions events use a .
You'll see that not everything outside the Tools directory is checked out, only the conflicted files.
How would I go about doing this?
The Mac N Cheese is the way to go here.
If you're a huge fan of cheese like I am then I recommend ordering a vegetarian dish.
Presumably something like this: Breaking it down into pieces: ensures that the interpreter for this script is bash, enabling extended syntax such as .
Starbucks and Caribou only offer different coffees like dark or light roast.
I use F1 - F12 which work reliably enough for me.
However, have a look at which explains how to get extended data from the tags stored with the file.
How to display the json data in multiautocomplete textview?
Also did not have my regular waiter so hopefully will get him back.
Dark lighting sets the mood for a date, but I came here with family and still loved it.
It is right across the street from the Rankin Police Station.
I am not one of those people who likes to send food back to the kitchen for obvious reasons but this time I did.
I would highly recommend the Capital Grille for anyone looking for a nice steak or seafood dinner.
But he also gave me his take on why it is so important to buy instruments at small, local stores in the first place, and explained that in this case it would have been in my financial interest to do so, because they sold that same guitar for that same price, but with a lifetime guarantee the online retailer doesn't offer.
Turns out to have been the best dish.
In fact, we got seated in the back corner by the fountain, which is not a normal table, but one of those stone garden tables.
They cheered up our kid really well and then the manager gave us all new seats behind home plate with food and beverage too.
Since it is a bigger airport, be prepared for the crowds.
She apologized and took it back and we thought we made a mistake coming here.
\n\nThe reason why this restaurant did not get five stars is because the service was often overbearing and I felt the sales pitch for their exclusive club was a little too forward.
(Conceptually has to return a copy even though it will be optimised out by a good java compiler).
I don't normally go for potato salad, but ordered it based off another review.
So for me it was worth it to pay the $25, get a nice work-out and feel the thrill of being alive and pushing boundaries.
How do you create an array with custom indexes?
It was Good Friday afternoon and I was planning to drive back to Chicago the following day.
Annnnywho, I love the U of I and going to football and basketball games have been a part of my childhood.
The staff was also very friendly, so kudos to that!
Here's a lil story about SWEET potato corned beef hash.
They did this all in one day and my technician Larry was very helpful and called to check up after a couple of days that everything was fine.
However, is there a way to direct the same output to two or more devices simultaneously?
We love the Priory!\n\nI don't remember how we found this place, but I feel so lucky we did.
in one accordion panel I have a lot of content.
A local joint, that just makes you comfortable and glad to be out.\n\nArrived about 6:30 on a Saturday, and found our way to the new back patio.
All of the answers you've gotten so far are overly complicated and/or slightly misleading.
in this case it greatly depends on what you are trying to accomplish.
How to open multiple files in visual basic for applications (ms outlook) I use this code to open just one file when I click on a button.
You would be able to make ajax requests to any website the person is logged in using his session and perform virtually any task you'd like.
The experience will put a smile on your face!
Most of the table had the curries(I thought the red was the best), but I went with the eggplant with the vegetarian duck.
We started out with two beers and an order of potato wedges.
Quality food, large portions, relatively fast seating, and great service.
A couple ideas: Sometimes this can happen if there are oddities with your system clock or modified dates on the files.
Ajax client for a CXF service I'm new to CXF, and I was trying to implement a CFX client in Ajax.
If not, it will be easy to find a different way
After many years of going past this place, I finally had the chance to go in and check out the food!
So that I understand, you have not yet built any ORM Entities?
and now in jQuery Validator 1.13.0 Now the jquery validator is using the existing error to display error as well as it creates a new one.
Had a great dinner here last night in part because of the great deal we got from groupon and the fact that they have a good selection of Abita beers.
Matplotlib: Annotating a 3D scatter plot I'm trying to generate a 3D scatter plot using Matplotlib.
A couple will easily spend $200.
(You can request white rice also!) Not too saucy and everything was great the next day.
No one in my group has ever had a bad meal.
If you are interested in trying a statically typed language, Haskell is one of the most ambitious ones out there right now.
if you ask OpenGL to do some weird conversions or if you use wrong buffer flags.
Their clam chowder is the best.
Always cheerful and attentive, they really make you feel comfortable and encouraged when you walk through the doors.
See: So as they're redirecting you the 302 code is correct.
I hope I understand you correctly.
Can any one explain what is happening?
I have been a fan of Actor's Theatre for several years.
To prevent this, we need an opposite action acting against the character when he moves against a solid object.
There is nothing wrong with getting the same service in multiple methods in a controller.
How do I get java to recognize the objects within a boolean expression?
I have always wanted to make a music player.
Short Answer : No Workaround : Use Javascript or jQuery using If you want to stick with CSS, you can do something like Demo The above selector will see whether having an attribute of contains a value called if yes, than hide the element using
Here is my updated review in which I have been into this store maybe three times in the past six months and the dude I have dealt with here has been generally very helpful.
This function does not execute any SMT commands and there is no function that would do that for you.
What's nice about it is that it has a Madison vegetarian twist.
Think that the dining room is much quieter.\n\nNotice that I am not saying much about the food?
I don't really like the way javascript handles time issues.
Yum and RPM show that the number of installed packages is different i want to know why different,shoud i get correct number of installed packages?
Great texture, spices, the rye bread, chipotle sauce and coleslaw were great too.
See crash 2, why it is still dealing with some issues even if UIWebView has been released?
working concept of directive ,it must be purely independent from the controller and all, must be working in all place.
in my application i have vidoes there with image when i click on any video it is showing this message.
Ordered a piece of Fat Elvis cake to go, which is banana cake layered with peanut butter fudge icing and topped with chocolate icing.
Any non-zero exit code at the end of your Execute Windows batch command build step will result in build step being marked as .
These can show it as text so you can mimic what it's doing.
Its tucked away and has a very intimate atmosphere.
The egg was a little over cooked and did not drip as I'd hoped.\n\nThe beer selection is good.\n\nThe TV's are a plenty.
So, your query as I see it is: You can speed this up with some indexes.
You have to try the Italian sub....
They are frozen so make sure you take it out of the fridge a little bit ahead of time before serving, it'll be a huge hit for any parties or holidays!
I feel I truly got my money's worth.
Overall, whole foods is not cheap, but if you want quality this is the place to go.
I didn't really care for the salad, but that didn't taint my experience.
We adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in Pennsylvania at least once a year for cleaning and check ups, worth the drive from Florida.
And documentation for pragma optimize on MSDN sucks, aka it is not clear if "" disables all optimizations on the function.
They are like two "Tom"s in your class!
Detect a hyperlink in a text - jQuery I have a plain text, say, .
The implementation of those service interfaces sits in yet another assembly, which we can call .
These are difficult to implement properly in t-sql only, and can become maintenance headaches down the road due to the branching logic, or additional supporting stored procedures you need to add...
Also remember, if the DLL is not .NET, you need to register it on the server using regsrv32 before you can access it with your web app anyway.
Unpacking "the rest" of the elements in list comprehension - python3to2 In Python 3, I could use to isolate the first time from the tuple and the rest into items, e.g.: I need to backport this to Python 2 and I can't use the pointer to collect the rest of the items in the tuple.
I ordered the non-vegetarian special of the day, cilantro chicken with rice, french bread, and salad.
Easy to navigate including lots of moving walkways.
Constructor/ Destructor gets called in assignment which is definitely not warranted
relocation - and it looks as though they're planning to stay awhile, as there is obviously a lot of time, thought and money invested in the decor.
The jerk chicken with pineapple, provolone, and roasted red peppers is a HUGE hit.
This really is a great place.
How get number from argument line?
My situation is that I've got two ComboBoxes.
How do I bind alpaca.js to an existing HTML form I have an existing form in plain HTML with a lot of css and layout tweaks.
So there are two ways, you can get the width: First way You need to your and then get the : Second way Add to your and then, you will be able to get the width:
In other words, a set of the integers 2, 4, 6, 8 etc.
Can I safely remove it and return just the key?
Just don't change the property: Check this
Sometimes there is a band or live karaoke!!
What i wonder is when livy creates a session, is it possible to copy an old session line an image or should it start everything from scratch?
Based on my own research I tried the following approach to set a cookie on http request But this gives an error
I have to click twice to activate function using jQuery I am having a lot of trouble with jQuery.
I have a minor issue with my dropdown menu when switching pages I have a small issue with my dropdown menu when switching to another page.
I have already set an onQueryTextChangeListener for the SearchView which should allow me to show results manually and whilst typing.
android SimpleCursorAdapter no item msg I have used to following code to display the favorite item listing.
A great local, hole in the wall that serves the same dependable food day in and day out.
I think you'll have to use an XmlWriter.
The store is perfection, but you already know that from other reviewers :)
Was there a time before Charlotte had banks,NFL football, Bojangles, and sprawling suburbs?
I have taken the IBM source code and only changed the feedURL to " and the PUB_DATE string in all files has been changed to PUBDATE instead.
\n\nI will be heading back to Ri Ra very soon to try some Guinness stew or a traditional Irish breakfast!
I understand that function objects are contravariant in their input-parameter types, but since I use rather than I understood, apparently incorrectly, the use of the upper bounds would have the meaning " parameterized with or any extension thereof." What am I missing?
And when I pick my car up, he'll explain what was wrong and how he fixed it in a completely unpatronizing way, then usually undercharge me.
What are some reasons I might be receiving this "Symbol not defined" error in Visual Studio 2005 (screenshot included) When debugging my VS2005 project, I get the following error when I attempt to step into the function that returns the vScenarioDescriptions local variable it's struggling with...
A good way to get away from all the new and experience something with true Charlotte style.
This is the PHP script (well the part that matters): is a Drupal method that allows to easily execute SQL queries and a returns an array, allows to parse the result.
It's a great venue because you're in the middle of Uptown's skylines and have a really unique view of the city.
There is a coffee shop located in the center of it and tons of seats and couches around the store for nestling in for a good read.
As an example of how arises naturally, consider parsing: a parser will be given some input, consume some of the input and return a value.
I will only be focusing on how to implement DataTables with row details in MVC.
Lot's of things going right for this place, as long as you get there at the right time.
Been eating here for three years now, and the service is always good, as is the food.
I wrote them and Tiphany immediately sent me a prepaid FedEx label to return the knife and express mailed me a more expensive replacement at no cost.\n\nI'm very satisfied with my experience with them.
Yes, the gym was very small and the indoor pool postage stamp sized.
To wash it down I had Loose Cannon beer, how can you pass up a beer with a pirate tap handle!\n\nOur waitress was a little slow, she said it was her first night.
The tour ran on the long side as far as house tours go and I'll admit I got a little antsy by the end.
query results will show the available items of a XMPP entity.
Then have it in my database so if I might change/edit this notification, I can go back to the same request and then change the time or the title lets say..
Select your Identity Provider and the OK to apply the settings to your web.config.
Although it is technically possible to correct this behavior so that current versions of Microsoft Excel do not assume that 1900 is a leap year, the disadvantages of doing so outweigh the advantages.
configuration) as part of its constructor and also requires some clearly defined creational steps.
The wine list had plenty to choose from to make a nice pairing with your entrees as well.
Disclaimer: This is my own code.
Django object extension / one to one relationship issues Howdy.
The table config : cat=> \d categories; Table "public.categories" Column | Type | Modifiers ----------------------+-----------------------+----------- categoryid | character varying(32) | categoryname | text | siteid | integer | categoryparentid | character varying(32) | status | integer | default 0 epekcategoryid | text | epekparentcategoryid | text | categorylevel | character varying(37) | categoryidpath | character varying(37) |
mac n cheese, cabbage, more rice n beans, greens..
I would just come for great karaoke (my husband DJs every Thursday!) and a nice atmosphere.
The best part of the whole place is the skillet cookie-I highly suggest ordering this while dining here!
\n\nAll in all, we had a very enjoyable experience, but I can't say that when thinking of places to go in the future, I'd return anytime soon.
He originally ordered the November throwback of a pork shank, however, someone from the kitchen came upstairs to inform us that it was defrosting since they didn't think another person would order it.
Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.\nI was very happy with my services and I will return.
Probably would have rated a 5 but our waitress could have been a little more attentive (another waitress stepped in and was great).
Error: Not implemented Trying to create a stream with ExcelJS Using Node v 5.4.1 I'm trying to create a stream like so: But I get the error which I believe is because I have not implemented the but I thought maybe would do this.
But it all comes down to the problem in my uow.
Joyce did a fantastic job on my wedding dress.
Anyone any idea how to solve this problem?
Here is an example - you will have to change OIDs.
Is there a way I can reset a users session timer with server side code?
I think I should use a solution similar to the one suggested I think the process is very similar to the loading of a configuration file for a new bundle as explained in the Symfony's documentation but I'm not sure on how to proceed.
From the deli men who hand you samples of meats and cheeses while you wait, to the great selection of bulk foods, to fine selection of meats to the Italian cheeses, to the fill-a-bottle- olive oil station to the fresh pasta to the bulk spices section to the moon and the sun and the earth and Jupiter, this place is lovely.
The first element will be used.
Yum!\nCool funky space with low key music & friendly waitresses with plenty of tats
Went to see \""The Great American Trailer Park Musical\"".
I had Salmon Cakes today and they were out of this world!
The stops are grouped into movements.
In short, it there a way to read all the cookies for "test.com" back into a script so I can then print them out again with a 1s duration, (effectively 'deleting' them) ** I know you can read the cookie back in with $xyz=cookie('$name') ...
We will definitely come back for food&drinks only.
I ordered a triple chocolate malt to go.
The 4.0 version cannot log in to any accounts.
Surprisingly, the chocolate chip cookie was delicious!\n\nGrilled Chicken Salad - good enough\n\nSpud Max - great!
Please suggest a way to do it with elegant coding.
again assuming you're using windows forms.
By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich.
- mongodb/mongodb 1.0.1 requires ext-mongodb ^1.1.0 -> the requested PHP extension mongodb has the wrong version (1.0.0) installed.
There have only been two superb fusion restaurants that I have been to in the world.
Force page expiration in wicket 1.5.8 I'm trying to expire all previous versions of a given page with Wicket 1.5.8.
I would like to be able to determine the installation path programmatically.
I have looked over documentations and forums but haven't found a way to do this.
In this expression: is the first parenthesizes subexpression and is the second.
Salads, stuffed potatoes, and even some vegetarian options.
I want each node in the graph to be doubly-linked, so that I can obtain a list of links that each node points to, as well as the links that point to that node.
Ensure you implement this in the header file:
I had the Tuscan Chicken Pasta.
The chicken dumpling soup alone is worth a trip (fresh made every day and it caused my vegetable-phobic daughter to eat carrots and celery of her own voltion!); the steak-cut French fries were great and the coconut cream pie was wonderful.
It is mainly vegetable (Cabbage I believe) and pork.
Pretty good laundromat, though not without it's...quirks.\n\nSince my apartment doesn't have a laundry room, this is the closest laundromat for me to wash my clothes.
try this code: write this code in your manifest for another activity
I had the Almond Chicken Salad sandwich on a fresh 7-grain bagette with corn & bean salad.
The huge pork chop arrived medium well, as requested, but was still tender and juicy, even better when dipped in the sage jus.
Next thought that i might need to configure something similar in JSP using tag.
Make sure that your self-signed certificate matches your site URL.
Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.
They aren't the cheapest if you're a poor student, it can add up if you get fries and mushrooms and everything.
I made an appointment with the idea to get my hair cut and some fun color added into my long hair, kind of a rose gold ombre effect that is so popular right now.
(note...we always pick up, so I cannot comment on the delivery)
Slightly crispy, and delicious.\n\nFor the main, I chose the 10 oz.
: Precision set -e When this option is on, if a simple command fails for any of the reasons listed in Consequences of Shell Errors or returns an exit status value >0, and is not part of the compound list following a while, until, or if keyword, and is not a part of an AND or OR list, and is not a pipeline preceded by the !
Luckily, I've found myself in Pittsburgh for a week for work.
I am using RIA Services 1.0 - if a service pack addresses this, I'd be happy to know about it.
all the seafood is super fresh..
(Note that, for that to work, you may need to have the program's directory available through a Wine drive mapping.
By removing the nested loops, the code below runs in linear time instead of n^2, which is beneficial if you have large arrays.
Owners are always working and are good people.
They do a much better job at cleaning the interior.
ActivityCompat.requestPermission not showing dialog when called inside onMenuItemClick Hi i´m calling ActivityCompat.requestPermission inside my onMenuItemClick to grant the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission .
You might also encounter an exception if the value is out of range.
Plus plenty of deal nights and specials to keep you from going broke.
A similar mechanism might work for your use case, depending on the problem structure: Another option would be to use a non-transactional persistence mechanism for recording what you're interested in, like a log database, or a redis queue of things to record.
This place is the ONLY place in CLT for quality body work!..
By definition, without is not deterministic, and implementation dependent.
After our meal Monty himself (well, not sure if it was the Real Monty, so lets say the chef) came out to ask us how our meal was.
The script is supposed to read floating point from a text file and do some calculations.
The place tends to be packed like a tin of touch-a-philic sardines on the weekends, and I think many people are tourists, but that doesn't stop it from being great.
Swimming in a sea of college kids is not my favorite recreation, so I try and keep my visits to daylight hours.
With that said, casbah was a nice little taste of home for me.
I tryed to use but it doesn't seem to work as intended.
A datagridview is a representation of data.
To complement the answer from Seyyed, and assuming these files are not too big: You can have one kml file for each area, and then build a simple "global" file, referencing all these area files with a "NetworkLink" (look at to KML Reference if needed for the syntax).
The waiting area was clean and inviting.
ViewPager indicator In order to scale not visible fragments, try to use setOnPageChangeListener , and scale position - 1 and position + 1 fragment's view.
When I type "Camera", I want to show the user my GridItem with the image of a Camera on it.
Their lunch deal is definitely their best deal.
CakePHP : paginate not working on search results I have a method, that performs a search and sends the results to its view.
If you want get all items in result table, you can get .
My food was pretty good, got a 4 berry fizz and really enjoyed it!
There are tons of routes which change fairly regularly in both the bouldering and top roping areas.
On nice evenings or lunches, eat outside .
We went there craving for bread pudding at 5p right after they opened.
I'm considering creating a random identifier in the request url to force the matter, but that seems a little heavy handed.
Got a booth right away for four and it was very busy.
Amuse bouche of lamb bacon and Boursin cheese served on a crostini with cherry relish was a wonderful start.
Yes the pizza is the best in the burgh.
Pattern for moving javascript out of the markup tl;dr How do I refactor a typical .NET+KnockoutJS site using lots of server generated blocks (controllers) into one where all js is loaded separately from the markup?
Error: Failed to build native gem extension I've tried following some of the advice to uninstall libv8 and reinstall it, then run bundle, but it doesn't seem to work.
We were all very satisfied with our dinner.
When that happens, your saves will start to fail, I believe with 'NSFileWriteOutOfSpaceError' bubbled up from the PSC.
\n\nNo sooner were we seated, when warm tortilla chips, and two bowls of fresh pico were placed before us.
Contains some sort of protein as well.
B could create and send a bundle rather than a patch.
Django:Map urls to class like in web.py i am learning django but gave web.py a try first.
Those could have been introduced by improper shutdowns or other actions.
I told them \""Thai hot\"" and assured them that I knew what that meant and got a great (and very hot meal).\n\nI am a little baffled by the mix of Chinese with the Thai - I guess the Yinzers in Pittsburgh can't really tell one Asian cuisine from another
We really wish we would have known that this existed during the week in between Christmas & New Years when we were fiending for Indian food.
Is there any other Idea possible, if yes please let me know.
We had a cheese tasting simply because I *never* pass up Pleasant Ridge Reserve when given the opportunity.
Alternatively, since you're using JSON, you could just save the JSON to a text field in the database (or to a JSON field in the upcoming 9.2 release of PostgreSQL): However if you would like to perform geographical queries in the database that would obviously limit your options.
Write "this.d", type TAB complete to type "(" obtain then write "someS" and TAB complete to cursor is between "g" and ")".
If you want to forcefully flush the buffer to log file you can run below command from a elevated command prompt Hope this helps!
Looks like you want the vector product i.e.
i wonder that maybe there is a simple solution for that in html5.
GIT_WORK_TREE not only updating 1 file I have set up a two bare git repository's on my server with file paths like so: /git/project.git/ /git/project2.git/ I then have added two branches dev and live.
So good.\n\nI went almost every Tuesday and I'd get a large normal gyro with a side of fries.
\n\nThe selections of coffee is good, like that they have almond milk and a variety of sugar free syrups.
Out of the 3 big shop solutions, I felt that Zen Cart is really hard to make look nice.
Just all employees of one company.
We are busy working out no talking needed !
It had baby greens, tomato, olives, hearts & reduced red wine vinaigrette.
Your should be the one that targets a (if your data grid or column is editable) (Simply because readonly text cell has TextBlock and text cell in edit mode has a TextBox in it)
I parse this using the TouchJSON library.
For some reason, I had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress.
How do I join 2 tables and search for 2 conditions including a SUM I have two tables, and two conditions that I am trying to write a query for.
I tried using But I get the error Any suggestions?
my controller my view function handleDataFromServer() {
so that no duplicate for and no duplicate for and no duplicate for just any duplicate on each then will be deleted.
Try this code snippet, which assumes that you have a factor column in a data frame called : You can add as many factor names to as you like.
I'd make it work on a list or an object, and then have the user deal with either wrapping the object, of calling the function in a list comprehension.
(btw, the samosas here are delicious).
If the server and client times are the same (or insignificantly different) then you need to look at sizes of the server output and transfer times.
Tell me if someone need more info or something
Similarly, it puts files with "b" within its filename to a new folder called B.
However, my favorite reason to go here is it serves the coldest tap beer ever!!!
They also offer breakfast (not included in the room rate).\n\nWe stayed in 415-on the top floor and booked the room the same day (don't try this on football weekends!).
They have great cheese to put on their pizzas, and they usually put a good amount on.
They have a wide selection of wines and the employees are happy to assist in helping you chose a wine.
So cleaning it up would be a good start.
You can copy the original list by slicing it: Or using the built in list list() funtion: You could also use list comprehension in place of your nested for loops:
JSF 2 Lifecycle I have this code for BookModel.java: And BookService.java for the business layer: And BookBean.java for the presentation layer: And the page book.xhtml: My question is: How can I restrict the method getBook() in BookBean to be executed only once instead of six times - presumably for each phase of JSF lifecycle.
random value assign with the class combination Here is the case I have got a spell class ignore the Castspell(), and there is another class called student what I am trying to do here is I wanna make learn skill method, each time I Call It will randomly add a heal spell into the _skillist.(it could be less, medium or high).
Android: Calling method from thread I have a handler for a thread in my that calls a method named .
The hotel should either provide its guests with a gym comparable to other hotels of its class OR using the Charlotte Athletic Club should be complimentary.
Everyone had on a jersey representing their team, it was live!
The indoor dining area is complimented by the (now-covered) outdoor seating area.
That set aside, everything was delivered as scheduled, the employee who dropped the food off was very courteous and made sure to give us clear instructions on everything.
Doing it the way you describe will not do any harm.
Their workout facility was great, which is a nice change of pace from the majority of the hotels I have stayed in.
Reading multiple text records from an NFC tag In my application, I have three text fields which are then written to an NFC tag by tapping the Write button.
Longhorn consistently provides a good value and great food.\n\nI had to drive a few minutes from downtown to get here, it's near the BestBuy in a mall area.
(internationally is far superior than my experiences at Logan).
finally figure out the answer, add a custom TypedJsonString class, convert my json object to TypedJsonString, changed the api class as follows,
I have converted a textbox search to Google Search using : But, I want options of Web Search, Image Search, Local Search &amp; News Search.
that way you will be able to see the article link in the menu.
How run async method multiple times in separate threads?
I've added the angular-locale_de-de.js, which seems to be working as can be seen in the spelling of Oktober.
Decent places to eat variety and security checkpoint is breeze comapred to most.
We've been here several times with our younger kids (just my husband and I and with extended family).
Mmmm.....\n\nThe restaurant is roomy and comfortable.
\n\nWe had an awesome visit and were totally happy with the food and the service!
Do you know how can I sort my time column?
Parse Platform - Retrieve relations in object Okay, so I am really quite familiar with Parse and have used most features in daily development.
Have you set your DB set to Trusrtworth ON and enabled clr?
Be wary of the hours, they change throughout the seasons.
I always go for the mussels-delicious!\n\nPasta is always fresh and tasty, too.\n\nFriendly wait staff.
Another great big burrito restaurant, Casbah offers some great wine and spectacular food in some great, and varied, dining rooms.\n\nThe three dinning rooms, \""outside,\"" inside and downstairs.
It got packed quickly once the game started as lot 17 is a true \""pitt\"" bar.
And it is also the user's real estate.
JDK by Oracle has this package.
Best clam chowder I've ever had!
The simplest way in a nutshell: hide lists inside other lists upon hovering list elements, show the child lists
I now have a working webcam stream again - albeit only in Chrome.
How do I create this layout in android How do I create this layout in android The first row is 3 columns equal width, and the second row is 2 row equal width.
You have the fade backwards See this example: fiddle
It was very casual and laid back, with the big wooden chairs and comfortable atmosphere.
iOS 9.0 returns two - "de_AT" and "de".
Search for a value of type Artifacts, Values or Assumptions.
If you take a look at this site as an example: It basically lets you refine your search based on the categories.
I'd post code, but I'd really have to clean it and change it around.
Having that pointed out to me, then I retract what I said about it.
I'm trying to figure out how I can determine whether a physics object is at rest.
Your problem is you lack any form or execution in the given example.
trouble debugging and running sample android project I installed the Android 2.2 SDK (2.2 is the version i have on my smartphone).
Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable.
My page needs to be online to function and is loaded exclusively in a UIWebView as part of an iOS app.
If so, you can do that on the XMLP report or cross table in crystal...
Check the updated fiddle here: You have to tell the x axis to be of type 'timeseries' and defining the format doesn't hurt.
EDIT This may be to do with my use of jade-loader; when I switch to requiring a raw HTML file, I get a different error:
By the way, remember to use graceful degradation when possible and use feature detection instead of browser detection.
But if you still have the original lists within the entries, modifying one still shows up in the other.
The page loaded very slowly for me but I'm in the US so that may have something to do with it.
All the brats, beef, chicken, BACON are all wonderful.
A big plus is that, unlike the Point, they take debit cards at the ticket line AND at the treat counter.
\n\nLuce is not inexpensive but is well worth every cent.
Then add your timestamp, and ids or what not to that, this takes care of a lot of issues with special characters such as ".", "\" and "/" ( dot dot dash and directory traversal ) in the file names.
Bad location, but I could care less since I only order delivery from here late at night.
This is a bug in Spring XD.
India gardens dishes all taste the same...
I do not want to use Flash for this, all though I am afraid there is no other way to do this?
After I posted my question, I tried a variant of the code the OP of the other question showed.
Slight error in calculations I'm trying to build a game somewhat like Wheel of Fortune, actually it's done but there seems to a weird issue I can't figure out.
I got brown rice to go with it.
Mapping: If I run the first query twice, the first time is , the second time is , then combine two results.
You might want to check the parameters you should pass for $this->html->link() since php's rawurlencode() function accepts only a string as a parameter.
I want to dismiss the modalView when I click on So I write in the and also tried in the of that view controller to and it does not work.
I mean that I don't want the background color to appear all I want in the page the flash site in the resolution of the page whatever the PC resolution .
The single between the and the means that they need to be directly connected, but that's not the case in the data you give here -- there's an element between them.
My boyfriend had the porterhouse with parsley potatoes which came with a vinegar base slaw and baked apples.
If you have a lot, you should consider an alternative: a ViewPager (in case you wish to show only a single item at a time), or a third party library like "Horizontal Variable ListView" .
Only one person had dessert, everyone else were too full.
If the thread is not waiting for input, it cannot handle any inter-thread comms from any kind of timer and so cannot call any timer-handler callback within its own context.
Now this was a very easy example, because it is plain CRUD.
There will also be methods to allow the user to change pages.
This is the correct way to use service and scope variables .
We sat outside and it was just a nice cool environment with the overhang of plants and vines.
If you want to fill the circle, use or if you want to draw a line try something like where epsilon is some small number that describes the line's thickness.
They really manage to create satisfying, typical Chinese dishes, with meat substitutes that would fool most meat eaters.\n\nIt's definately expensive, we paid $40 for three entrees and a salad.
Also the length of the array can variate.
Especially on the east side where the selection of anything better than garbage is slim to none.
The decor is really nice and the food is amazing.
Gate areas and lounges seem to be a little outdated.
I really liked \""Possibilities: Rising Stars of Contemporary Craft in North Carolina\"" in the summer.
Cibyl is also more targeted to J2ME environments, although it's definately useable on other platforms as well.
I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu...
There was absolutely no broth to speak of, so it was like eating mushy bread.
I cannot wait until sir hobos open up again.
Interesting people watching, to say the least, but the circular driveway gets way too crowded at times and entry/exit becomes a game of trying to move the puzzle pieces around until it all fits.
Webpacked Angular2 app TypeError: Cannot read property 'getOptional' of undefined I've seen a lot of people having this issue, with a solution relating to angular2-polyfills.js.
If I call the method it correctly returns the public key for the certificate.
I'm afraid the Calls endpoint only takes one "From" number as a filter , you can't pass a list of numbers to it.
This is definitely not the way I develop websites and jQuery, please don't be put off!
\n\nNot my first time at the theatre, the lobby is quite small, but provides the iconic popcorn smell (and freshly popped) upon entry.
It is the best white pizza I have ever had.
Bytes are the fundamental way everything is stored in a computer.
You could also set the image to and add , if it does not mess with your layout.
I want to update to in-app billing 5.
Have I missed some ordering/syntax somewhere?
Here is my code: My professor gave the hint that a point is in the rectangle if its horizontal distance to (0, 0) is less than or equal to 10 / 2 and its vertical distance to (0, 0) is less than or equal to 5 / 2.
My mom (who hated anything resembling raw fish before coming to Umi) couldn't get enough of this.
This place was loud even for a waffle house, especially since the weren't many people there.
I frequent Harris Grill quite often.
how to keep the last frame in opencv in c++ I need to keep the information in the last frame in a video file and then calculate PSNR between the last and whole frames.
Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.
\n\nMy girlfriend suffered copious \""meal envy\"" when our spiky haired 21-year Tessaro's veteran waitress handed me an overflowing plate of charred (in a good way) chicken & huge chunks of red & yellow pepper, onion, zucchini, yellow squash, & mushroom.
This will not add anything to the page visually.
Our overly friendly waiter which the rest of the table loved, did an overall great job.
knockout.js using the mapping plugin I am a newbie with knockout.js and want to start using the automatic mapping plugin.
She was going to be nice enough to go to \""Dish\"" although I know it's not one of her favs'.
One approach is to use a web templating language for user-submitted scripts.
\n\nPS- A few month ago when we went here, we ended up chatting with our server for a long time.
See the "GCDWebServer &amp; Background Mode for iOS Apps" section in the GCDWebServer file for the detailed information: Typically you must stop any network servers while the app is in the background and restart them when the app comes back to the foreground.
Check the Optimisation Tips section in the Android Developer console for your app, it should give some suggestions for removing that tag.
the first-constructed object is destroyed last), and you can control the sequence in which static objects are constructed, by using the technique described in Item 47, " Ensure that global objects are initialized before they're used " in Meyers' book Effective C++ .
You'll need a process that can close the file handles when not in use.
Stimmt!) and I HATE spicy sausages.
But when I tried to assign those variables in my other modules, I got the following message.
when your app is in closed state
I love this place, have been going to \""Poppas\"" for years, started back when they were on the corner of Milwaukee and Stoughton.
I was not impressed by the lunch buffet.
This is a great use-case for custom directives.
I thought that they had pretty descent Sushi.
Signage is easy to read and follow.
It was amazing and came with a huge portion of fish.
The beans were nothing special and the potato salad was average.
No attitude at all.\n\nOverall, I find shopping at Saks a better experience than shopping at the Macy's nearby.
The problem is probably that the js code is before the button HTML.
\n\nFlying through CLT is extremely easy.
The pork chop and the fried chicken were very good.
This might simply be unnecessary overhead.
Is there any other way, that only StudentName should be visible in list of dropdown and should get both StudentId and StudentName while rendering?
But the best way for you, as I think, will be to locate a file located in your home directory and put there: Don't forget that you have to restart your session in order for this solution to work or you may type command at the same terminal session - it will reload all your bash settings.
Just point to any inside the XML.
Fortunately, I think the staff finally figured out that two beers basically equals the cost of a sandwich (so what's the difference) and we got a nice row of tables.
The array size can be defined at compile time and I only need one array, and one CPU as I need to stick to a single thread for this work.
I've been to Discovery Place during all three decades that I've been on this earth, and I love this place.\n\nI can recall many a school field trip here, where we usually just ran crazy instead of actually paying attention to the exhibits.\n\nPrevious reviewers are right however...Discovery Place isn't just for kids.
What is the difference between those two and when do you need to use what?
They made things as we ordered them and the service was prompt and friendly.
Why the command means that to replace four blank spaces at the beginning of a line with s{2} ?
There is a large area to be in with a big group.
You have to enable the "USB Debugging Mode" after enabling "Developer Options Check this post for more details ::
MSDN has a whole section on the Media Player SDK - and this page in particular should be of considerable use to you, I hope.
OPH was the first restaurant I came to when I moved to Charlotte three years ago and it was exactly what I was expecting from my experience at many other locations.
\n\nI had the shrimp with the cole slaw and corn bread for an appetizer.
I think it was a bad Cholera strain.
I have this query in my Access database: It works but I need it to extract only the first record (with the last date).
But after the 2nd one deployed, the first one will disappear.
The chili was really freaking delicious, though.
It seems that you have two choices in Chinese restaurants--corporate Chinese like PF Chang's, or red and gold with paper lanterns.
Slow query using My purchasedItems table with approx.
We spent a lot of time playing in the water table last year when our son was only 19 months.
The staff is also very knowledgeable and very open to any questions you have or anything you'd like to discuss with them.\n\nI now have been going twice a year, and it's pleasant experience (never thought I'd say that about the dentist!).
\nI've always had a clean king room and friendly, efficient service.
Does this mean statement changes the STDOUT globally but STDIN within lexical scope?
The food is good and healthy, the fireplace cozy, and the original art on the walls is a nice touch.
It's a nice airport, well kept and has plenty of space and seating.
Prices for gluten free were reasonable.
Full meals for under $5 ...
Parsing XML Entity with python xml.sax Parsing XML with python using xml.sax, but my code fails to catch Entities.
They were having a girls night event.
I have been to this restaurant during summer restaurant week and they had this amazing salmon on a cedar plank with a peach chutney to talk about for days.
I warn you though, you could blow your entire paycheck here.
If you can get past its humble appearance, Tram's Kitchen has the best pho and fresh spring rolls in Pittsburgh.
composer create-project - command donot work I have my project on github containing composer.json in the root directory.
But it all fails on .
And always track the requests and remember to : How can Interface be kept alive and on going when application is not active or in background (Service not proffered), so that it can get notification from SDK.
If so, I don't have any output or whitespace in that file.
they are just two of the best people around, so any time your in the area of mount Holly Huntersville road and highway 16, go ahead and stop by Mountain Island Coffee House and you see what I mean:-) the phone number on yelp is wrong ,the phone number is 704-971-1600\n\n Michael Justice\n a very satisfied customer....
We did and we were glad.
I always order vegetable samosas, garlic nan, and chicken tika masala.
The program is sending packets from sender to receiver and back to sender from receiver.
The fries taste fresh, reminiscent of boardwalk fries back in the day, only better.
I have seen a few examples of this in theory.
I couldn't ask for anything more out of a property management company.
The employees are the friendliest and most helpful people ever.
(date-only) While you might well be tempted to use objects (date only, no time-of-day) to build an .
He always brings his out of state friends to it.
The cornbread alone will change your life!
XML: DATA INPUT JAVA: DATA INPUT XML: DATA OUTPUT DATA OUTPUT: JAVA DATABASE CONNECTOR JAVA: DATABASE HELPER JAVA: LOGCAT DATA: PROBLEMS:
In fact, I find the servers to be overly attentive at times.
reactjs radio group setting checked attribute based on state Clicking on the second radio button changes the state which triggers the render event.
I think that in any case it would be better to use GIN (Guice for GWT) and its @Singleton annotation.
Or at least allow me to have a compile time flag that makes it so.
An example might be a Factory or a Singleton.
Also is value is out of set range?
I assumed it was a dry socket issue, but my dentist discovered that I had an infection and significant bone loss in the molar adjacent to the site of the wisdom tooth removal.
(Other than Little Ceasars, Mamma Rosas in Pineville & Chucky Cheese).
TFOOT Customisation: The footer will always default to creating the same number of cells as the rest of the gridview.
I haven't, but the flavor it imparts is impeccable.
Dinner can be pricey but worth it for such good food and quality ingredients.
The service is very courteous for dinner, they drop your napkin in your lap and you get a hot steaming towel after your meal!
So I now now that my Project is fine, something to do with the code.
It is working fine in the IE browser but not in other browsers like chrome, firefox...
These methods just make sure you can start new FilterSets and that you have a CardBook inside the Finder before using one of the finder methods: And there you go Feel free to adapt and improve for your own CardBook.
\n\nWhat do I say you get.
Now I'd like to change the background of its title and header area.
I have also validated database descriptions from TNSNAMES.ORA file.
there cheese fries are fabulous, and their salads are yummy.
Once you have the duration, call this routine (but I am sure there are more elegant ways).
Medium is quite a bit and was plenty for the three of us to have a snack after we'd already had dinner.
As is executed immediately after is executed.
In Python 3, I have the following code: This yields the Pylint warning: Old-style class defined.
I would like to annotate individual points like the 2D case here: .
I have searched the Internet for a solution, but have found none.
I also recommend bringing a bonafide geek with you, as it will be much more fun to enjoy his or her pleasure.
The soup though was very good overall, with chunks of meat and potatoes floating in the mix.
Surprisingly quite (except for our table) on the Friday before the ACC championship game.
Note to self- do not order a salad if you're going to order the lamb burger!
Or is there another method that is preferred to this?
If anyone could help get the text centered vertically in the box (not text align center) I will appreciate it.
It's a sad, sad day when your dry cleaner screws up your favorite (insert item of clothing here).
Still the ticket prices are way less than what you'd pay to see the same show on Broadway and I feel it is worth your money.
It's ass on a plate and it's amazing.\n\nIt's been a while since I've had dessert here, so I really can't comment on that.
Basically, you can customize the zone (a place to put a widget or a place where content goes) layout of a particular page by matching it to a layer (using a rule defined in by the layer).
However, I do not know why GoDaddy does not accept it.
Great restaurant, cosy but I'm used to that being from England.
I would definitely recommend this place from my experiences so far.
If you have a .NET in your application with some decimal places filled and want to store that in a type in SQL Server the value will (and can only) be stored as a rounded value.
The Program on the server is waiting of 64-102-112-0-0-0-0-0 from C# to convert it to 1700.0 but he si becoming 0000014415464 from c# after c# converted 1700.0 this is my code in c#: thank you for the help.
Which means it's a python version issue.
What you have here is an example of infinite recursion, as there is nothing there to allow us to exit the recursive loop.
Or are you asking about paged Recordsets, as in PageSize Property (ADO) instead?
The pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure.
In many cases, singleton dimensions aren't already present and for vectorization with , we need to create .
By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
Happy to live in a city with a club like this.
Since is an instance of , you can call those methods same way you call instance methods on your objects: .
We started with the sausage and cheese plate, paired with the bread basket.
This code with work with version 9 and above
Running hadoop with compressed files as input.
The place was fairly busy as I expected and the service was OK.
I even promised some things I should be ashamed of LOL I would definitely recommend that if you are anywhere within 50 miles you need to make a trip here!
Keep Empty Factor Levels During Aggregation I'm using data.table to aggregate values, but I'm finding that when the "by" variable has a level not present in the aggregation, it is omitted, even if it is specified in the factor levels.
On click it checks the background color of its parent and toggles the background color to grey if it is white and to white if it is grey.
I have no idea why anything within that if statement would have any impact on anything since its condition is false.
I had heard people rave about this restaurant but I would like to go back just one more time to get the full effect.
Note that there are the and events, so you don't have to create a binding for every key: If you're on X11, then using the module (which can be used within a Perl/Tk script) and calling the method would give you the actually pressed keycodes.
The guy who helped me--I wish I could recall his name--was nice and very helpful to me.
She did not talk to me the entire time, just to her assistants that were helping her juggle 3 clients at the same time.
The result of the whole expression will be .
But, when you do the output is not in pure JSON format.
This is a very old establishment, and if you didn't do your homework going in to know what's good to order nowadays, then the fault is wholly yours, and I have zero sympathy.
Update: Forgot to mention, make sure to declare one of the background classes in your Div element:
First of all the Singapore Noodles was the best I have ever tasted in my life and I've had several.
\n\nWorking out/hitting the gym while I travel is very important to me.
I had the fresh spring rolls and the pho, both are great.\n\nConsidering prices of all restaurants in Pitt, the prices here are very nice!
(In a fun architecture way, not a dive bar way) There was a good crowd for the music, but we were still able to get a table with a big group.
Their \""lobby\"" is the doorway that you stand in just outside the \""office.\"" I couldn't be happier with my first impressions--to me, minimal overhead means maximum service and value.\n\nSure enough everyone at Walter's is very nice and helpful.
Its not a weekly stop because frankly I need a place to live and a car to drive (and eating here all the time would make me poor) so its reserved for special occasions, or a once every few months becasue I miss it so much and have to go back, type of place.\n\nThe menu changes seasonally, except for some standards like the mussels and the roast chicken entree.
I'll be back to demolish some wings...
This can be done using formulas by a two step approach: a) split the number (assuming it is in in cell A1 ) into pieces This gives you your date as a STRING in a cell.
When used as part of a URL, ?
(see below additional comments in the code.)
It was not easy seeing my daughter like this.
My taste buds are very happy to have found good Indian take-out within the city limits.
While it doesn't have a lot in the way of furniture (a few pieces downstairs), it has plenty of everything else.
Fortunately, I was able to enjoy the godfather part I several times this winter before it closed.
I reserve on line and always pick the car I want (hint - don't think that the small car is the best value, do your homework and you won't get dinged at the airport).
Github: "This email will not be used for commit blame" How can I use a fake email address with Github?
You have to be explicit about construction and destruction.
All about the food and service.
(I've got a working example at the bottom too)
For example: plot "./plot/graf-1.dat" using 1:2 with linespoint title "graph1" , "./plot/graf-2.dat" using 1:2 with lines title "graph2".
Best deal in town when you run out of something and don't want to pay $7 for another bottle of parsley at Giant Eagle.
If you ask for them the staff is usually really great with helping you find them.
How to call Angular's internal email validation method Is it possible to call Angular's internal email validation method from JavaScript rather than declarative in the markup?
I stopped in around 8pm, and even though it seemed like the neighborhood was deserted, Klavon's was packed!
And all the staff, from the gate personnel to the guy mopping up the bathrooms greeted me and wished me a great day.
I have a multi array and I am using the max function to return the highest value, however I'd like it to return the name?
Rather than doing the typical bounce and toss the staff gave genuine care and concern to the help him through the this moment of self reflection.
Radius search returns results in order of proximity and I have no idea what order a rectangle search is in.
It will open the server side html in the web browser instead of handle it as part of the app.
please try this:: and put as width
Recursively iterate through arrays with Lodash I want to use underscore to go iterate each item and append a period to the end of each fruit's name, and return an array.
If you want to use direct stream you'll have to update your Spark installation.
In the span of a week I went from being a 7-8 on pain scale of 1-10 having my husband helping me shower and dress to maybe a 5-6 which is a BIG relief of pain and being able to bend over and get my shoes on all by myself!
5th solution you gave has little trouble than others.
Date of Original Review: 09/11/2014\n*Based off of visits from August 2012 - May 2014\n\nMurphy's Pub is an awesome place to be any day or night of the week.
However if I call it throws the following error: The interesting thing here is that Scala thinks it's a and not an object.
A great menu with fresh and local items served quickly efficiently and kicked up condiments and extras at every turn.
SET p_percentage = DECIMAL(((p_obtain_marks * 100)/p_total),3,2); Thanks Henrik Loeser and Alex.
I like the atmosphere of this restaurant a lot, and the wall decorations are very cool.
I came twice to have one in November.
As a rule Pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce.
\n\nA nice little coffee joint in a quiet neighborhood, Enrico's was the perfect spot to get my caffeine fix before starting the day at full speed.
Generally great food (the breakfast pastries, my breakfast polenta and the wife's scallops were fantastic), however inconsistencies still prevent the 5-star praise.\n\nWhile the coffee is great, the crud in the creamer and a dirty spoon to start the meal off were not.
So, in order for 32bit apps that have some registry keys hardcoded to still work on 64bit Windows (remember the key hardcoded in the 32bit app is now 64 bit, and it's invisible to the app, while the real 32bit is someplace else), Microsoft came up with this approach.
The result being a , you can call on it: This will give you just the values in an array!
I only sampled the strawberry stuffed crepes, which sound rather ordinary.
We received the BEST service in all the restaurants I've been to in Charlotte, and I'm from here.
Great place to go on a Saturday or Sunday morning after drinking way too much.
They also have a pool table and old school pinball machine.
I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more.
I thought this was a very cool touch!\n\nOnce seated we were presented with one of the most amazing bread baskets I've seen.
I found the error >> all what i forgot to do is to return data from http get in factory services.js >>
\n\nI would definitely recommend Matt's Chicago Dog for anyone in the area.
Your already running application will receive them as subscriber.
If you want to restart the NGINX process, restart the container by running the command:
I love Harley's, but my liver hates it.
Sitting outside and eating and drinking, not really being active outside.
Four threads can be ensured by using of a semaphore object, but how i can run it in simulatously running threads?
Dynamic LINQ aggregates on IQueryable as a single query I'm building a datagrid library that works on generic IQueryable data sources.
(I previously had version 7 on the machine.)
Using without parameters will result in splitting after a space example results in instead, try this:
Altering text in a .txt file and creating a new file output in MATLAB I apologize in advance if the title seems a bit off.
All the terminals are in the same building.
Relationship between classes when using LINQ to SQL (no relationship in the DB) I have two tables in my database -> Activities and Customers.
The session variable could be stored based on the user's name (assuming unique names) and retrieved using code similar to the above which gets the current user's name to access the correct session object.
The dining & drinking options seem to be plentiful.
Never mind that they use pounds and pounds of butter for these hotcakes, you'll be hard-pressed to find pancakes/crepes as delicious as these.
And, though your If check will return one of them, from a systematic perspective, it only knows that it's returning a String - but is not guaranteed to be a valid string (same with your map and parameter checks), and thus it only accepts a string literal and not something that resolves to string.
So your source of an infinite loop is that you make a reference to a cell, inside a method that is called when a reference to a cell is made ;) To fix this, you should reference back to your data source, instead of asking the cell directly about itself.
1 account ID can have multiple units records.
He mixes up some amazing cocktails and provides spot-on recommendations if you need them.
On Wikipedia you even find a Java implementation:
TCP does: Session establishment Session teardown Retransmissions Transmit pacing Backoff and retry Out of order detection and rearrangement Sliding windows Acknowledgments If you need any of these things and choose to use UDP, you need to do them yourself.
It's less crowded than Phillips Place or the others.
Calculate sub-paths between two vertices from minimum spanning trees I have a minimum spanning tree (MST) from a given graph.
Select Time : function updateCouponTime(passedValue){ myArray=passedValue.split('^'); document.getElementById('time_id').value=myArray[0]; document.getElementById('date').value=myArray[1]; }
I can do it without threads, but it is slow ...
The proteins may stay static, but since they use a lot of local ingredients, the accompaniments/side dishes might be different every time you come.
Are we grateful a local, privately owned business maintains it's unique flavors.
Here is a pure CSS solution I quickly hacked up: CSS Hover Effect Basically, I just change the position of the text div when I hover over the main div and add a transition animation to it.
Stick to the dishes they are known for, etouffee, diane, creole, you'll be happy,
I've forked that project and made a Heroku Button deployable version here .
if i change the to it returns an error for buffer overflow, returned by the function.
The chicken supreme includes four chicken tenders, fries, and a biscuit.
It's just cooked shrimp - sometimes it's big, sometimes it's little.
So far haven't had anything bad!
Any idea on how I could get this animation to work ?
The lobby, the area around the elevators, and the common areas on the ground floor were inaccessible due to the construction.
How can I open it with netbeans on my host machine, and make changes so that it automatically deploys to vagrant?
sample code: in my controller#application.rb: in my layout#application.html.haml: I have sidebar with this link in my views#view_user.html.haml: I hope you will understand the logic and what I am trying to say.
The food and service were very good .
Prices are very reasonable, and I'd say easily the best burger I've had in Pittsburgh (though it's no Vortex burger!!).
We got to sample a lot of the appetizers and everything was so exquisitely prepared.
What an outstanding dish and it was also perfectly cooked.
Does anyone here know compiler flag/build environment variable that can be set to draw an outline for all views, or point me to a reference that contains this?
The backEnd is in NodeJS using express framework and the FrontEnd is in AngularJS.
Does this give anyone any ideas?
If the schedule says buses arrive every 10 minutes, on average, then I expect to wait no more than about 15 minutes.\n3.
The player might run on a cheap laptop or might run on a Raspberry Pi.
I called ahead and they allowed our group to have a semi-private room away from the restaurant but close to the buffet.
I just verified that adding a Java source file to a 6.3.1 project works with the wiki page's instructions.
And, the staff does not seem to care to chat with customers, but they make darn good lattes so who cares.\n\nTucked in the beautiful Highland Park neighborhood among many historic houses and close to the handful Bryant street restaurants, Tazza D'oro is a fantastic place for coffee lovers like me.
As the number of required elements rises, the content model experiences combinatorial explosion; in those cases, the all-groups of XSD 1.1 are much more convenient.
How to update table values using regular expression?
Personally, I love their hotcakes, omelets, and hash browns, but everything on the menu is mouth-watering and inexpensive!
The food is delicious, the wait service attentive.
Also, in , the denotes the view or the button that was clicked so that you can perform whatever you want with it.
The oysters were very tender and I only wished the sandwich had a few more on it, cuz it wasn't very filling.
No, I don't believe there is.
But don't let the shadiness scare you away!
Is the only thing I should do to update the IInAppBillingService.aidl file?
This is the best service when you receive packages frequently.
Here is the code to fetch the version and patch details this give the following sample value "WebLogic Server 10.3.6.0.3 PSU Patch for BUG14796139 Fri Nov 23 10:16:54 IST 2013 WebLogic Server 10.3.9.0 Tue Nov 15 08:52:36 PST 2011 1841050"
I read that it is possible to avoid beeing asked for the passphrase by providing a config file inside the .ssh folder containing the following content: I did so, but as soon as I provide that file I can no longer clone the repository from bitbucket.
Portions are huge, so large that I think 2 people can finish one lunch item.
If you have kids and are in Pittsburgh, this is a great place to take them.
Hold on you might be balking at the hefty sticker tag on this brunch but let me tell you about all the stuff you can well...stuff yourself with and you'll be singing praises too after you try this joint out.\n\nThis being one of my last weekends in Charlotte the boyfriend and I went with a yelpy crew consisting of Travis W., Melissa B., Chad E., And Denise.
The side order of spring rolls I got today are with chicken and a larger than the vegetarian version.
A float (or double) is guaranteed to exactly represent any integer that does not need to be truncated.
I have been coming to Alexander's off and on for almost 25 years.
Coderush express seems doesn't work I installed Coderush express and I can see that it is installed.
It's not free, but there is a trial version available and it's not particularly expensive given what it does.
I went there based on reviews over a year old in hopes they were still as good now and I am happy with their services.
You have a choice of sitting in chairs at the hibachi grills or going into 1 of their rooms where you have to take your shoes off and sit down on the floor (they provide pillows).
Makes me sweat, but I love it!
It was just very laid back and, well, French!
We were two of the only three people there, and it was really quiet, so perfect!\n\nWe were greeted by the bartender who was very knowledgeable and friendly.
But I'd still highly recommend it to anyone!
\n\nlegendary, awesome, fantastic, sweet, cheese...oh so much cheese...., epic, beautiful, famous, iconic, local, unique, different, quality......
Therefore our web server (Unicorn) is set to abort after 15 seconds.
data not saving into database Hi In the below code data not saving into database.In the file I am working with android.client side data coming correctly.
\n\nSo in we went, on Sunday afternoon....surprised that the wait was not very long at all!
I still have a few documents, but I anticipate the growth of the database.
The code generator in SQLite uses bitmaps to keep track of attached databases.
Understanding a negative offset of a registry data reference to a dll file I almost have an answer to , but I need help.
Removing items from a dataset that have too few mentions I am beginning R user and I have a question about a problem I encountered: Very large dataset (almost 800k rows) This dataset lists all contributions to a politicians in the 90s in the US After some data cleaning, I needed to reduce the list to a more manageable size.
Among them includes: error threshold limitations (i.e., quit when a pre-defined number of DML exceptions are handled) and Bulk Processing loop size definitions.
My boyfriend and I were at Dave & Busters and weren't in the mood for American food, which was what we were all surrounded by so I decided to give P.F.
Also if option for adding specific dictionary within the application will do even better.
Error while build SyntaxNet with Bazel I am trying to run Syntaxnet on Ubuntu in my VirtualBox following instructions on SyntaxNet Github page When i ran "bazel test syntaxnet/...
When creating a customer I create the object, run this method, use a set-method for the ID and adds it to the register, but it doesn't work.
For our entree, we shared the delmonico steak, lobster mac and cheese and creamed spinach.
\n\nRegardless, I find it hard to believe the upstairs is exactly filled by these groups.
is moved by a user via a physical medium (such as a USB stick).
Very smoky and small, but definitely worth coming to.
I had a 2001 IS, a 2002 GS 300, a 2006 GS300 and just recently purchased a 2013 GS 350.
Note: this process has been working fine ever since I first wrote the procedure.
Use the rename option, that also deletes the old files.
I was only there about 10-15 minutes and got sent on my way.\n\nA few days after that (Monday), I took my car in for the repair.
Needing a faux deviled egg for a chocolate themed picnic, have them in stock.
I just want to see people trying hard to do right and be honest get the support and business they need.
If I had to describe it in two words: DIY Heaven.
The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS!
I assume this is because ObjectMapper doesn't know anything about primary ids and therefore trying to map them into an object doesn't do anything.
Be aware that you just set the r-component of the returned color of 1.
All my assets are located in vendor/assets.
Just like the title - whenever I'm trying to send a mock signal with DDMS in Eclipse it's crashing.
Need paint, window blinds, household items, electrical items, Rolliers has it.\n\nThe staff just assisted teaching me in how to repair a few items and help save me a ton of $'s!
The view from our 25th floor was fantastic.
You might be able to use Attached Dependency Properties of type AugmentedThickness and then, when they change, update the underlying properties they are intended to update.
I always buy my Reel to reel tapes from these guys.
Here is how you can add tags to the instances that you create:
For my case this was a design problem and instead of using a Singleton, I found a natural location to create an instance of a plain object and pass a reference to it were ever it is needed.
Code placed in App_Code folder is treated a bit different, it is compiled at runtime.
System subheadings in Android app Like here.
Definitely a must for any guest.
My solution has two steps: Collect the relevant elements from the original array, and sort them according to the subset order.
To do this in gedit, try the Tab Converter plugin.
So how to have access to this?
Even though there are some basic constructs java, that are replaced by a portion of java like String concatenation where means However, I don't think this applies to any keyword.
The naan is fresh, the Chicken Kormi and chicken curry are delicious.
Coming to town in a couple weeks and am I definitely taking some home to my fiance.
You can trade six hours of volunteer time (3 hours for current teachers) for one teacher shopping day!
So far as I see, we have the following constraints: An invoice may be associated with 0 or 1 Work Orders A Work Order must be associated with an invoice or an ABC or a DEF I'd design the WorkOrder table as follows: So, basically, this table is constrained to only FK to one other table, no matter how many PKs are defined.
Be sure to visit this place at least once.
You can parse the string to DateTime, using You may use that DateTime object later in your code, and also apply different formatting (if you need)
\nI have not indulged in their ready foods, but based on the store itself, i wouldn't be surprised by excellence.\nPlease go in...be amazed by Italy in Madison.
The murals are hand painted of the owners and workers and an Irishman and his sister own the restaurant and do the cooking.
So I don't know how to do it.AnyOne can help me
My question is how can I achieve following to redirect i.e.
RabbitMQ best practice for creating many consumers We are just starting to use RabbitMQ with C#.
But its not getting an ip even though its requesting for one when ever it boots.
Vinai published a great writeup on Magento and Composer here .
This is always one of my favorite stops when visiting the Strip.
The nachos come with an entire dish of freshly made salsa and the they load you up on the toppings: cheese, sour cream,black beans, chicken, onions, jalape\u00f1os and guacamole.
Rotate Texture2d using rotation matrix I want to rotate 2d texture in cocos2d-x(opengl es) as i searched i should use rotation matrix as this : (x = cos(deg) * x - sin(deg) * y y = sin(deg) * x + cos(deg) * y) but when i want to implement this formula i fail may code is like(i want original x and y to be same ) : i updated my code to this but still not working!
Don't let the location intimidate you.
I go to this place about once a month for lunch and I am consistently impressed with the quality of my meals and the service.
Does anyone achieve sharing data using this way in Unity?
One of the very best gift shops around!
Dog and kid friendly as well.
The First few items in the column will have the value .
I compare all German foods and restaurants in one way ...
Best ice cream in the Charlotte area.
What can I say, we're some adventurous eaters!\n\nNow..
My program should be able to note that a file has been modified outside the application when I reopen the file.
Service was decent, dim sum was good but there were some dishes that I was a bit disappointed by, but the ones that were pretty satisfactory included the spareribs in black bean sauce, beef tripe, bean curd, and the shrimp shui mi.\n\nJust a tip - be careful of which tea that you end up pouring - for some reason, I ended up with a cup full of hot sugar water.
This means that no escape sequences etc.
\n\nIt took one phone call and one email for me to negotiate my bottom-line, and I had an out-the-door price locked in and agreed to that was exactly within what I wanted to pay for the car.
Shall I just continue abusing Dictionary(OF T,T)?
When I asked mom how multicultural the crowd was.
Joh and Jaimee are magic; I don't trust anyone else; nuf said
I sat at the counter after a brief wait, because it was the only available seat in the house.
Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well.
I want to be sure that the parameter configured ever ends with a trailing slash, also if the developer didn't write it in the configuration.
It seems that you name table and then later also .
Try this: Or, if you are using C++11 or later: In the latter case, if the vector is intended to own the objects, you can store objects in the vector to automatically free the objects for you:
The cut is edgy and perfect.
How do I set the UIBezierPath's context?
We had tried another \""trendy\"" restaurant first but did not get seated.
Depending on your XSLT processor you might first want to check whether there is support the the XPath 3.0 function or a built-in extension function to do the job.
I would put this food up against any Thai restaurant in town.
Some will clear the interrupt automatically when the data register is read, though, so refer to the peripheral documentation.
Here is what I obtain with your sample image and some other image with a sheet of paper I found around: The median filter is used to remove minor details from the, now grayscale, image.
(This makes sense, since the return address will typically be in the middle of a function, not at the start).
The tempura was divine, as was the sauce, as was the filling.
Can any one suggest what I have missed to set for iPhone 4s to run click over callout.
That is not possible, if you get the values from another table.
There, the functions (methods) belong to the class/type and take an implicit parameter to an instance of that class.
Try this: the keyword 'new' is the key.
fries are good too, if eat them fast enough.
I have thought this dressing so deliciously tangy and unique, I've bought it from the restaurant in a bottle on more than one occasion.
I've eaten at a lot of Indian places and I love Indian food.
\n\nSo, back to \""crafts.\"" There are really talented contemporary artists featured here and the Store is a great place to get contemporary pieces for you, your home or for gifts.
We got the beef carpaccio to start ($10), and I loved the mustard and capers gave it just enough tang without being too spicy, and the ciabatta bread was a perfect accompaniment.
Push the button for what you want (I got diet coke), and you are given the choice of your soda alone or with one of six flavor additives.
The place is CASH ONLY, no credit cards so make sure you got a twenty to buy your pie.
My problem is I get some negative reviews from people who seem unable starting the App at all.
========== I should also add: I think Java 8, which is currently beta, will support what I need based on this:
This tool can perform manual as well as automated code coverage tests for .Net programs.
And it should also work with PHP &lt;5.4.
\n\nIt's a relaxed, inviting and warm destination for anyone looking for an afterwork drink or evening out.
Yes, you have a lot of great steak places and American food but things such as Sushi ( there is NO good places I have tried each and every one) and Indian are hard to come by.
I am not much of a sushi fan, especially since I'm allergic to fish (oh fish!) but my boyfriend, who is a total sushi lover loved their ngiris and sashimis.
#ifdef is short for #if defined and I think you don't need parenthesis on neither, so basically they are the same.
Since I wanted something a little more complex she was very honest telling me that she does not quite have the skill level to give me the ombre coloring that I wanted and checked to see if there was another stylist available to do the color.
I was looking for an relaxed \""Pub-food-plus\"" type of joint with good beer and in Rock Bottom, I found it.
I want to stay in the same activity, so I need some sort of way to delete all GridItems except for the ones with a camera or a car picture on it depending on what the user typed, I don't want to launch a search activity.
Frosty drafts, the best veggie dog I've ever tasted, and delicious whole wheat-crust pizza.
it also houses the closest Starbucks to my home.
But Primanti Bros., aside from being at the top of everyone's recommendation list for places to eat, just oozes personality, and to boot, it's a fun place to just chill and get a damn good meal.\n\nThe whole french-fries-and-coleslaw-stuffed-into-a-sandwich thing would only be gimmicky if it weren't freakin' delicious.
I am using this object , but I don't know how to add text into svg .
In order to write it to disk (or the network), your will have to eventually be encoded back into bytes.
I just don't like a whole meal on my bread.
This second method would be appropriate if updating the original instance is undesirable or impossible.
Breakfast is completely forgettable, better do it for a fee at the nearby Starbucks.
Mine is more like Pancake in Paradise and this place is it!
I would appreciate if anyone can direct me or provide me guidelines about designing as well as for app store.
How can I convert this manually mapped code to use the mapping plugin?
The service is a little off and the staff doesn't seem very attentive to your needs.
\n\nFirst off, great selection of food!
Or the way similar to how WordPress handle blog name using bloginfo() function.
Any information would be great thanks
Yes, the same Mack who ran Stillwaters for years.
You don't need to do the roundtrip to DatetimeIndex, as these methods are avaliable for a Series (column) as well through the accessor: And the same for .
We ended up bringing in our stroller for our daughter to sit in.\nWhile you have to order your food at the counter, there is a wait staff that will bring your food to you and refill your drinks.\nNo alcoholic beverages...
Located across from CPCC in an unassuming strip mall with a tiny parking lot, this little gem is just waiting to make your date more interesting, your mouth do a little dance and your wallet skip a beat!\n\nI always go for lunch here because it's $5.99-$6.99 for the same size portions as dinner (dinner is around $10-$12).
We did not make a reservation, so it was an hour wait for a table when we arrived.
So the aperture size in is limited by the kernel size.
My husband and I went here to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
How do i make a class that MUST be instantiated how do I make a class that MUST be instantiated it, or anything like that.
If you are up to it, shop the store.
But I run into trouble when I try to get the phone number from table Pho which may or may not exist.
The high crispiness level means it was probably deep fried, but it's so yummy I didn't even care.\nSpicy cucumber raita (amuse bouche) with flatbread was also delicious.
I always enjoy my time at Lot 17.
Swipe Gesture for iOS in Flash CS6 I'm creating an app for iOS (mainly) in Flash CS6 and I'm having a few problems with getting a particular page to work.
It will explain exactly how to do it.
Make sure to flush your cache otherwise the above will not work as menu entries are cached and the external URL will fail to be found
The milk oolong tea is a little more pricey, but tastes almost like buttery popcorn!
Not as good as a beer brat from home.
The sausage had a great spice to it.
The service of the volunteers was excellent, parking was easy, bathrooms were well-stocked and concession food was pretty tasty.
I want to automatically generate TOC, which will be based on HTML template.
Docker: save - produces no output Fairly new to using Docker..
Please find the code in this fiddle : (see full screen for better view) Input group CSS: PS: The layout should be responsive and work on all screens.
So Input like this should be process in proc function of win api.
As for me, I'm going to discuss with my Beer Goddess which brew is next on my list!
Some code snipped to help then in your index.html do ..
I'm trying to create an Cocoa-AppleScript Application with some basic functions, and I want to display a background image for the window and then display a color box above it.
But it is not visible in problems log but able to see in console.
I've noticed that isn't even mentioned, but it works fine.
What can I put in as an argument and how can I use the parameter in the function to be able to use the correct object parameter?
The had samples of everything they offered that day, so I got to try a few different things.
Be sure to check out their chalkboard with the drink and food specials!\n\nWe've never had any problems with the service or the food, and will definitely be back!
Lucky for me everyone inside was nice and the people waiting with me were all very friendly.
We are using Nightwatch.js Many thanks!
While it didn't happen to me at this location, I strongly recommend that you A) carefully inspect your car and get a sign off on ANY damage or you will be expected to pay for it when you return it, and B) take digital pictures of every angle of your car when you return it to document that there was no damage.
And, if it is a security risk, how is possible solve it?
Instead of duplicating these resources in each , I decided to create another project called , which is a WAR project.
\nWhen we were prepared to order dessert, they surprised us by bringing a chocolate cake with candle on top..
SO BUSY though, so book your reservations well in advance or you'll be waiting hours at the door.
I'm always pleasantly surprised when I get a good mani outside of my go-to salons.
You either have to escape the quotes like this: or else you need to write your own sanitizer
It might be the more acceptable method with .net.You can define a service in the main application that accepts a message from the calling application.
Jolly Bob's makes some tasty food.
This is only my second 5 star review, probably should deserve 4.5, but wtf it's so obvious he cares and appreciates the business so much.
Our sever Tara was on point.
I like random :)\n\nDefinitely a no frills spot, just good food, good service and be on your way style dining :)
In other words, I think your main idea is the way to go - set up a local HTTP server that will serve the client, and then have that process also communicate with whatever remote services you may need.
The table next to us had ordered a delicious looking banana sundae with three scoops of ice-cream, and I've heard the chocolate pretzel dessert is awesome too...next time!\n\nWhen it was all said and done, my boyfriend and I had ordered two drinks, an appetizer, soups and salads, two entrees, and dessert, all for about $98.
We have received your registration information and will be contacting you shortly, once your request has been reviewed.
Considering the fact that some businesses feel they don't have to appeal to, or make any effort to earn your business.
The whole place looks very clean, not grungy and aged like so many bars in Wisconsin.
Gleb Kemarsky's solution is good, but it doesn't get applied the value for the input field for some reason.
Array of Protocol instances won't work with contains method I have a protocol that I am using to define what makes up the content of a note.
Accessing controller method from view in Ember I would like to call a controller method which is not necessarily an action from my view.
Further you need to ensure that you store the details of the order in a separate table called ORDERDETAILS which store the indivdual line items, the price at the time of the order and the name of the item ordered.
This staff is going to do what is best for your cat, make recommendations for the benefit of your cat, and that may not always be the most convenient thing for you, as a human person.
Here, functions get called successfully, but native pdb symbols are not loading and all breakpoints in the native code are shown as hollow circle and tool tips says there are no symbols loaded for this.
All the thumbs up for this place!
The function check expects a mail address as a String and checks if there is no dot(.) at the beginning or end.
If you run it in a transaction you can be sure nothing odd happens while you're in the middle of the update to screw up the order.
You can use a DOCUMENT_ROOT from the $_SERVER superglobal to place a config file there.
The baba ghanoush is fantastic and smokey...omg.
On the Dependencies tab, select a project from the Project drop-down menu.
For example: What I would need is if the name show up multiple times the query should return only the one with the last version ( higher version number ) So it should look like this : note that those not show in the query because a record with the same name already exist with a hither version number.
Serializing Tree into nested list using python I have a binary tree class like this: Now I'm facing a task to serialize this structure in to a nested list.
Here's an idea for a more efficient arrangement (composed in browser, may contain errors): For maximum update speed you might save a little more time by cheating the x axis - instead of changing the x data and axes limits each time, leave them untouched and just change the the tick labels (Or just forego the tick labels entirely, leaving nothing to update but the y data).
The burger was fine, but not spectacular.
We ordered the Carcuccieri pizza (or had a similar name- the one with artichokes and prosciutto) and loved every bite.
We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.
Can not Print in WPF I have such a problem here.
We close at 5.\nMe: Do you ever close earlier, if it's busy?\nHer: Well, we like to stay open until 5.\n....\nSo, know that the \""secret hour\"" exists if you have that craving for Gustav's soft licorice drops at 4:30 on a Saturday.
We will definitely be going back (with a bit more knowledge of the menu)!
I've been using ListView till now and for a few, is it time to switch to RecyclerView or is it too soon now?
What drew her was the strawberry pie.\n\nThe pie itself merits four stars.
I came to Tire Kingdom after calling several other stores in town to find the tire I was looking for.
Difference between ChildProcess close, exit events When spawning child processes via in Node.js, there is a and an event on child processes.
The same should be said for the calorie count of most offerings.
Fastest way to retreive data from database I am working on a ASP.NET project with C# and Sql Server 2008.
\n\nHowever, if you're looking for a place to get drunk and dance to Micheal Jackson hits, or sip a beer and watch replays from 80's dunk competitions, this place is going to thrill you.
Having mouthwash and other items is a really great idea.
But the solution there is to adjust the tuning (or the application, or the heap size) to avoid getting into that situation.
The script execution does not involve any connectivity to MySQL.
Please pull the latest version of the component and try again.
I chose the caramel vanilla, which I guess is being taken off the menu sadly.
This really is the perfect Williams-Sonoma location.\n\nMy complaint with Williams-Sonoma lies not with this store but with the entire company.
For this what should i do?
The worker at the seafood counter was also nice and friendly.
They've got your bar standards: tons of choices on tap, some dart boards, trivia night, sometimes even live music and with the Uni right across Tryon they've found themselves in the perfect locale.\n\nWhere they raise the bar is with the uniqueness factor.
Our understanding is that the Wire Tap component is InOnly and therefore will not capture the response.
Overall, it is good, and there are lots of great options.
The store and aisles are too small to accommodate a large selection, so don't expect to find 13 different brands of canned diced tomatoes.
Do something like that in a method, perhaps initDatabase or something: (the reason is the answer of trojanfoe, I just want to add some code snippets)
Try changing your month by using the following:
Maybe setMinutes was to have been that method.
Certainly beats any others Cajun places in Charlotte.
If you have a dual-core computer and a process that's taking 50%, it means it's using one core, at its maximum capability.
Google are locating you by GEO-IP or similar and redirecting you to your local google mirror.
I also imagine it allows the airport more room to grow in the future.
I love me some Bojangles..\n\nWell a coworker told me and a friend about Gardenia, and I'm glad he did.
1 - Some really old Java implementations used primitive mark-sweep collectors.
returns the value of its expression from the function.
I've never once had less than top-shelf service there.
The type is valid, pointers may be used, but you cannot instantiate the object.
I have never gotten anything bad and the service has always been top notch.
I stopped in at Klavon's last weekend for the first time.
Apparently, the store has had 11 different managers in a 2 year period and he was hired specifically to turn things around.
Within five minutes of them looking at my car, I was out the door and heading back to my place.
Went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention, but he was very friendly and I got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned I had just moved here...
But I can't figure out a way.
I'd add rows to this table when a new viewer is detected.
The espresso with milk was really good and it was a memorable experience sitting there watching the (thankfully subtitled) movie with a couple of dozen other Ethiopian guys lol.
As others have noted, it's a dive bar that happens to serve pretty decent food; my wife thinks that the Big Mountain sandwich is to die for (and I'd agree).
Horizontal lines in errorbars disappearing I'm having some troubles with errorbars in ggplot (R) similar to .
For this, I am following a few steps.
I was here this past weekend for a charity event.
One thought I had was if it would be possible to copy the of DF1 into a new column where the objects are mutable but I haven't managed it yet so am not 100% sure of the logic.
Alternatively, you can use a third party query builder, like this one: unfortunately i belive it doesn't support anything else but Select statements but it may be worth the shot.
Free wi-fi as well.\n\nThe full breakfast was pretty good, too.
We all walked away thinking we couldn't have picked a better spot nor gotten a better deal.\n\nThe decor was very nice and clean and the staff as mentioned previously was very helpful.
So since it's dad approved...see ya soon Amtrak!
Yes, their prices are a little high compared to competitors but there's something to be said for the local mom and pop hardware store.
The effect of this will be that any file which includes GlobalA.h (for example, your GlobalB.cpp source file which defines your second global variable) will define a static instance of the InitA class, which will be constructed before anything else in that source file (e.g.
However, I keep getting the error message below: From on stackoverflow I read that one should choose "Install automatically" for the SonarQube Scanner, which I have done.
Then when I create a new song, it uses that hashed time-stamped album name as a row in the Songs entity.
You could modify the ioslide template to remove the repetition of the logo on each page.
Have you created all the necessary columns for your associations?
With Core Bluetooth background communication must be implemented either with characteristic change notifications or indications.
You put your xml layouts in the folder and then refer to elements to do stuff (like add listeners/whatnot) by doing something like .
You don't feel as though you're at the airport.
What is the preferred method/best practice (implicit or explicit)?
If you're using AngularJS and already have a build step, html2js could help you with turning HTML templates into JS, which can then be concat'd and minified.
AngularJS can't fetch more than 4 records The following code is for an AngularJS code to read data from a .txt file and echo out on the webpage.
You can use one of the options, but for your purpose, SQLite Database or ORM is the better options.
to compare against something more complicated than a simple number is not possible with this method, because you can't build a macro name out of a more complex expression).
The grill kicks out good food, but no one goes here primarily for the food.
When I charge that token, the server receives an error from Stripe saying invalid CVC.
Great place to work, wait for someone, or hang out for a drink (my work team definitely had to do all three).
Manzella's pizza is a little on the thinner side, but the crust is very good nonetheless.
You also may want to refresh yourself on the .NET INotifyPropertyChanged Interface if you using data binding in the subforms.
The Samsung app store version does not work, you need to download the latest gear app from the website, gd luck
Shrimp and Asparagus Maki roll: Probably not a great choice to begin with, this was okay, nothing to rave about.\n \n4.
OLD: NEW: I want search engine users clicking on old URL's/Links to Redirect to new URLs.
roughly gives me a compile error what am I doing wrong.
The kids had big grilled cheese sandwiches.
The stock car cafe is always a good bet and then there's always bojangles for fried chicken.
The menu items change every time we're here so sometimes we like it better than others and range from really thrilled by the food to feeling it's ok but are never disappointed.
However, Eric Lippert goes into detail as to why this projection isn't optimized away .
As well as the problem is occuring in the else statement the first part of this code works how it should please let me know if you need any further information.
I came here just before a Pirates game so it was extremely busy.
Next is to apply Fix Pack 7.0.1.2 (latest as of this writing) and see if that fixes the problem.
I have a box on main page 250x196 pixels where everything goes in.
(C99, 6.2.4p2) "If an object is referred to outside of its lifetime, the behavior is undefined.
The one that I went to was in celebration of fall - they would decorate the store, even had some live musician near the doorway, give away samples of pie and cookies.
After months of inadequate staff who constantly messed up our order and took forever, something changed, and this Taco Bell has returned to what it had been.
I know that if I were using an application, and then started doing something else, and all of a sudden I got a "connection lost to 3rd party error" from an application I wasn't even paying attention to; I would be very annoyed.
This part: attaches a click handler to the table.
when it Closes the Connection i can just restart program and it will continue to log.
Trying to involve Bob's address into this just makes it harder.
The first time I came with a large group and sat in the main dining area, and we were accommodated very well with fast flawless service.
Three friends & I [all in our twenties] stayed in a hotel room here overnight.
Please read the javadoc for wait carefully and follow it to the letter, otherwise you'll be up to nasty surprises.
The drawing setup is quite involved, but the actual calls required to draw are fairly straightforward.
I'm unable to click on anything be it the background or the buttons on the modal.
So where is the filtering here?
The result JSON file is not recoginize some characters in it, for instance it will convert the second emoticon into "˭̡̞(◞\u204E˃ᆺ˂)◞ ✰" I know that \204E is the UTF code for lower * but I do not know how to correctly make it write properly into JSON file.
My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
My mom also came here for their lunch specials before and said they are quite unique.
More specifically I get this error sometimes: Exception in thread "AWT-EventQueue-0" java.lang.StackOverflowError
I don't want to load CommerceTag but i had it in joinedload 'cause it doesn't work with Join method.
So why do I see my co workers code base serialize before he returns to the view?
without relational constraints, things can get messy.
The staff made us feel like we were the most important guests in the restaurant.
The restaurant itself is very clean.
Amazing specials on a Saturday night.
The herbs were so fresh and delightful in this dish.
The only ding, if I may, is the parking which is a little limited and there is a nominal daily fee.
It's family owned and operated, and the recipes are the same as when they first opened.
It's a hole in the wall by a seemingly angry asian (he's actually quite nice).
Plus a tiny cart with a flag on it that says \""Customer in training.\"" When you're shopping with a two year old, that is HUGE.\n\nBottom line, I like this place a lot.
Cats don't have voices and cats can't make their own decisions about their health.
more interesting taters but no meat) Hold up, wait a minute, how do you get both?
So, all of a sudden my web.config permissions are no longer valid!
Pizza Italia is a wonderful small business ( and I LOVE Small Buz !
Never underestimate Microsoft either as they have a massive developer community and global reach.
my issue is that : i have no main content for myactivity and each one of my elements take a seperate drawer .
Here's the code I'm using at the moment.
We opted for the \""Premiere\"" which was the 5 courses for $79 each.\n\nThe house was beautifully decorated with a Christmas tree in each room each with a different theme.
\n\nThe room was set up early, so we were able to arrive and decorate without having to wait for any tables to be set up, linens to be put on tables, etc.
The receptionist was so warm and genuinely friendly.
Is there anyway I can clean this up and reassign credit just to black user not red user?
I LOVE BRUNCH and Casbah took the cake.
\n\nThe atmosphere here was great, not a huge place but lots of room and they were accomodating two large parties at the time we were there.
Had the bellini and didn't realize how I much I would enjoy it so I had two!
When an admin user (in my application...not the django admin) wants to edit properties for different users, the same form objects should appear for all users in a list.
It's an easy choice on my \""vegan\"" days when I still want something that feels sort of bad for you and diner-y (versus Green Owl, which is fantastic but sometimes feels TOO healthy).
Love the Hanoi Pho and spring roll.
I like how they keep adding new things to the menu and this is one of the newer additions.
An element generally has two tags, a start tag and an end tag.
This place was a nice venue.
The flavor of the wings was good, but they were obviously no longer hot.
In StackOverflow, notice how questions tagged c# largely outnumber vb.net and vb.
Let me start by saying this.
As a result lambda type is: UPDATE: To solve your problem I think you should use:
Maybe I'm just used to bigger portions in Atlanta, but I could have enjoyed 1/4 more food.\n\nThe service was fast and friendly.
ASCII code of is 50, and so on.
For $40, he took in the Portly 44 and turned it into a 42 Regular.
they have several ground stops in the summer..
To start, we tried the bento box appetizer, which was a combination of different things (sashimi, sushi, beef, eggroll), but I think next time I would go with just a couple of sushi rolls.
In general, you know, do that debugging thing we all love so much.
I have been here twice for two different reasons and both expreiences got 5 starts.\n\nLast Spring I sold about $400 in gold scrap and feel that I got a good price and good service.
But after talking to him and telling him what I was looking for I had set up my appointment for 3 weeks later.
The cocktail menu options were mouth-watering.
You keep iterating and repeating this behaviour until the centroids don't move anymore, or they move very little.
I have loaded the Caliburn.Micro.sln (located in the folder) into Visual Studio 2012 professional and attempted to build the project.
Most times I am surprised at how fast the food comes out.
He had a very diverse inventory, if your looking for a vintage Silvertone he's got it, or an echoplex, got that two, need a '72 Fender Princeton?
And I don't have any complaints besides the wait.
I kind of want a jar of it at home to put on sandwiches or something.\nAs far as entrees, boyfriend had the beef brisket which he said was excellent and very tender.
The experience was good - they are friendly and very knowledgeable, and I can look forward to asking them for recommendations.
As mentioned in the comments, an alternative encoding would be this:
The decor is very authentic and could definitely see this place getting pretty crowded later on at night since the upstairs and downstairs are really not that big.
In and out in less than an hour-good times.
\n\nTip: the last reservation/seating they take is 8 pm.
\n\nIt's a busy place on the weekend but you'll be entertained while waiting for your table.
In over 20 years I can not think of a single bad experience with the place, other than the long wait which I will forgive because it's totally worth it.
All that I want from this result is 157F97DF-A001-36FB-A90C-55949FA130CA How can I do this using FOR /F or other similar methods?
I was searching for that same problem and i find this on github And this solved my problem.
It's always You're also adding the ( ) to the button four times...I think you mean to be adding it to each of the other buttons Beware, there is already a class called in AWT, which could cause confusion for people.
It all depends on y our app structure.
We also stopped in Wednesday for Bingo/Trivia night.
Most of the servers have one instance of the app, but a few of them have multiple instances.
It's good.\""\n\nThose are pretty much what my bf and I said to each other during our Valentine's day dinner.
The front entrance, interior and back patio look like something out of a whimsical dried flower wonderland.
I didn't mind the contraption holding my eye open at all.
D's is still the only place I've ever found the elusive Hopfenweisen by SchneiderWeiss and Brooklyn Brewery, perhaps the best beer I've ever had.\n\nWhile D's is worth it for the beer alone, the food's not bad either.
What's happening now is that the loop is looping three times and each time it is executing the empty statement formed by the semicolon.
I appreciate having the microwave and fridge in the room when I travel in case I don't feel like going out to eat again or I'm too tired to get out.
I would highly recommend to others and would order it again myself.
He absolutely loved the meal, and the dish arrived with more clams than I would ever have expected.
I want the canvas to be 100% of the page width and height.
This was a great place for the solo business traveler to dine with a little dignity, a cold martini and some great food last Wednesday night.
Hush puppies weren't as good as Lexington's but the pork was moist and the chicken was great.
The fish is grilled perfectly, plenty of home made guac, pico, and sour cream accompany this dish.
Let's say I currently have a table titled "Report" and within Report, there are a bunch of strings, integers, timestamps, etc.
I ordered within 25 minutes of seating.
The Cornbread came out first, and it was mildly sweet, and tasty.
Also, be careful of ordering too many toppings or extra cheese as the crust is so thin and has a hard time holding it up -- not an issue if you eat with a fork.
If you want to insert the value somewhere other than the front of the array, splice it back in with .
I always leave with a small tub of their fresh mozzarella which is made daily and goes perfect with a little basil and cherry tomatoes.
When I go back and visit Pittsburgh, the Triangle Bar is a MUST stop and I usually buy a couple of extra hoagies so that I can bring them home on the plane to California and enjoy them here!!!\n\nThe Best of the Best!!!!!!!!!!!
Note that in sample folder I have only 7 img*.jpg.vec file.
The wooden bar is topped with a baseball cards that have a laminate over them.\n\nWant to drink?
Not, perhaps, as good as what you can get in LA's top places, but fantastic compared to its competition here.\n\nThe Kung Pao chicken is particularly good, with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.
Does App store reject icons in the app for being shiny or glossy I am designing icons to include in my app and was designing them to be glossy and shiny.
For a long while they had an awesome rice cake dish that I could not resist - it was a take on pesto with neato chewy rice cake noodle things and a seasonal mix of veggies and mushrooms.
I have not been able to find a good resource that isn't confusing.
I generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting.
And I am so thankful that I did because the first dress I tried on with them was the one I ended up purchasing.
(Most of the time they won't even realize you changed it because something was wrong; they will think you are just a control freak who can't let anyone else's work stand unchanged.) Identify the problem and ask him to fix it.
This should do what you want:
It was excellent, high quality and reasonably priced.
Note : Neither nor can fire alarms more than once per 15 minutes per app.
You can use UDP to multiple servers with the same socket.
The point here is that you can easily customise the exact behaviour of the broker relay components, so you can control them better in your tests.
Slightly harder, but not that hard if you just need to resolve a single address, would be to put a DNS server on your Mac and configure your iPhone to use that.
Once the snow flew we realized that my bike was skipping a gear and my wife's had a brake issue.
Set IsSourcePathVariable = True, Set SourceVariable = SrcFileName.
For example, if the coroutine called a function, that new function can't see the arguments passed into the old one.
Create a class at runtime - Why do NSClassFromString AND objc_getclass return nil?
Il Pizzaiolo serves authentic and delicious pizza and pasta.
Binary code Error help I forgot to insert my code, sorry on my behalf..
In the last week I've been here twice, partially because I don't know any better and partially because it's actually pretty good!
I will concur with the other reviewers that the decor is completely drab and dull however, I really enjoyed my meal last night.
\n\nWe were too full to have dessert.\n\nOur check came to $50, but $14 of that was beer, we each had a beer with dinner.\n\nthis restaurant is reasonable, and delicious.
You won't have to take a taxi to get to the Time Warner cable arena.
I get my steaks medium rare.
It is definitely the best I have had in Pittsburgh.
You want a modal view .
I went to an IMax film at the dome in Galveston, Texas a few years ago, and it was awesome.
The seats and tables were new and comfortable.
As the movie needs to be uploaded somewhere.
\n\nThe only bad thing about The Apple Dumplin' is their location.
Service can be spastic, and I've never seen each person at a table get each of their meals at the same time.
This method is deprecated on the latest stable version of Rails.
In C99 and C11, either the result is implementation-defined or an implementation-defined signal is raised.
Just bought a latte and child's hot chocolate, and both were good and the smell of the place is awesome...
This is pretty much the same as with .
The app has some kind of error and isn't rendering (I see the generic error message in the browser) so I'm trying to troubleshoot via Heroku logs, but I get this error instead of the log output.
If you want them to be numeric types then change the variable declaration and remove the ToString, i.e.
Step Two: Go to project I am trying to get working and create a new scene, again only adding a login button.
Everything (Except for the gumbo) is amazing!
Connect all UI Elements to one outlet at once, swift Using Swift 2 and XCode 7.2.1, is there a way to connect all of the UI Elements (buttons and labels) to one outlet?
What could I do to retrieve that information?
So we assign the most common class among the k nearest neighbors!
Explaining the managers that quality is something measurable in less bugs, better understanding of process and better understanding of delays (!) and cheaper on a very short notice helped me introduce many of those concepts.
Open up your brain tank because I'm about to pour in some high octane premium knowledge-- Have you ever walked out of a restaurant and felt like you didn't get your money's worth??
Android BitmapFactory.decodeFile skia error I'm designing an activity that shows some images.
How can I debug such a thing?
Mostly organic, and I do like how they label things \""local\"" so that we can help our local farmers, and growers.
Seemingly, the index for the foreign key must have the same column order that the constraint, which is something that I didn't find specified.
Check that you've specified TokenCell as the custom class for your UITableView cells: (Here are 2 images to illustrate - I can't show inline images as I am new to StackOverflow!) 1.
A WPF App fails when coming out of hibernate mode I have a WPF application that fails to come out of the timed sleep, followed by hibernate.
Fun, warm, lively catacomb place, often with piano music.
\n\nI order this with the Caesar salad and choice of dessert.
Please change it to 7 or less than 7 or you can just remove size from select statement That is the reason.
As per your suggestion, this is an example record: This is what I came up with so far just to test if a proper data set is returned:
Why ask what you can find out?
Match with Regex any number except a specific number Using regex I would like to match strings like: 3.2 Title 1 3.5 Title 2 3.10 Title 3 I did But I would like to do not match strings of "3." followed by a single 1 like : 3.1 Title 4 I tried but it doesnt match strings like 3.10 So How can I match any numbers except the number 1?
\n\nBig fan of the Amtrak now, the low hassle and freedom on board totally outweighs any of the seediness that comes with this form of low income travel.
(Notice the file name is not .) Lets say i want to use STUDENT_SIZE in another file whats the syntax?
We typically only go for Friday Fish Fry and are never disappointed, just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it...
I need an application that generates an overview regarding the stuff I need to move.
The food is good - comfort food for the soul.
There is no problem doing what you want, you just need to be carful with the HTML when you have nested columns.
Add a combobox to each relevant header using the approach shown
The rest of my items were just as perfect.
I dont understand some of the negative reviews for the staff of this place, since they have always been nice and helpful.
If you're looking for things to show them that will wow them, you have to figure out what they think is hard in their jobs and see if Perl could make it really easy.
There is a column named product_quantity , change it and it will change the number of products bought.
Interface methods cannot have implementation before Java 8.
Then there's c-b-c-f: 0.9^2*0.5^2*(1/3)^1*100 = 6.75.
The next time you run your macro, it will reflect these changes.
This pool often feels cooler than that.
I want to create a new file in which there is no repeated word.
But what if I want to use a helper form for form creation in the controller?
\n\nThe pork chop is their signature dish and does not disappoint.
Now, my one beef with this restaurant is the limited menu.
So, I wrote a code that downloads 10,000 rows at a time.
This place has it all...apps, tapas, salad, pizza, sandwiches, sushi and dinner entrees.
Example 1: The Nook E-Reader is pretty cool and shows that it will give the Kindle a run for it's money.
I get so many random compliments on my hair from total strangers that I've given almost all of my coupons away.
Some of the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
You can use the method of the to mock new locations and have the method of the registered listeners called when you want.
Alan will tell you in advance almost the exact outcome of your case to a t.
this all works fine except the first optionpane doesn't close when an option is selected, how do i make it close when an option is seleceted.
Topped with a strong cheese, with a side of risotto.
The cashier waved me to the front of the line when he saw my cup, so I didn't have to wait while others ordered -- I was highly surprised, and very thankful for his consideration.
Try something like this EDIT: Also I'm bound to ask have you declared your activity in manifest?
Two small points that are unrelated to your problem: Your code will be much more manageable if you use an array of variables, instead of six separate variables.
var questionID = $(this)[0].id This worked for me!
.NET has a standard way of doing this: you could implement the interface: An example/tutorial: The easiest way would be to use a messenger implementation, please read this answer:
I agreed and am so glad I did.
And right he was!\n\nI wish Fat Jack's was nearer so we could go more often!
K2 is a Windows Server platform that allows the creation and management of business workflows that consume data from a variety of data sources; on top of the .Net platform.
And then I didn't go for a long time.
These users would be created by MAINLOGIN , manually or via the winform application.
I guess you could try these codes.
Would love to go there Again and try everything on the menu.
Not sure that I could eat here more than once every 10 years, but I'll take my chances.
For example, suppose you have the following code: If you are using it in multithread environment it will not fail, but you may end up having content like this: That's because individual calls are synchronized, but the whole sequence is not.
Then there's the path c-b-e-f: 0.5*(1/3)*(1/3)*0.9^2*100 = 4.5.
No cache , no retries , only try connection and get answer .
If you specify context configuration location on your test class, and use spring test runner the context will be cached not reloaded each time.
not sure why there was this deviation ...
I've been shopping here all my life (both in it's current location {which used to be Younkers before they merged} and in the old location on the other wing).
I ordered the Penne ala Vodka, and when she put it on the table, I thought I had gone to garlic heaven.
Once a program goes out of memory it can be hard for it to recover.
How can a cache buster be implemented for ads only?
Not sure if that's good or bad but who really cares when you're there in the wee hours of the AM?!?!
Patio and inside seating are nice.
For example, the JVM resident singleton objects could be proxies for a cluster-wide singleton object, that was initially located / wired via JNDI or something.
This line basically skips every second character.
That is, use the lower level functions.
It doesnt sort it at all..
I honestly can't tell that it had any work done on it at all - the friendly, welcoming shoemaker's skill is THAT good !
The wood fire grill gave a super flavor and both burgers were cooked perfectly to temperature.
This simply means you have to choose which "kit" to compile the project with.
I'm forever on a quest for a good bakery.
I know that sounds REALLY weird but here's an example: The contents of the field: "38353334373838622D393030302D343732392D383436622D383161336634396339663931" What it actually represents: "8534788b-9000-4729-846b-81a3f49c9f91" I need a way to decode this, and just change the contents of the field to the actual guid it represents.
Often they contain sql in html, which is bad practice, as well as security vulnerabilities such as sql injection.
The watermelon is really sweet and delicious too!
It's possible to change the encoding used for the save as described by dbc above: Create an XmlWriterSettings, set XmlWriterSettings.Encoding as appropriate, then create an XmlWriter and pass it to XDocument.Save().
I try to use IS NOT NULL it showed: Unknown column 'special' in 'where clause' Anyone can help in this matter?
The shrimp in their Shrimp and Broccoli dish was my favorite, most Asian restaurants give you very small low quality shrimps, but Empire's are big jumbo shrimps and are good quality.
The char viewer disappears, and what's left is a small window with your chosen char set.
Your issue is with attempting to change your month by adding 1.
I tried to use diffrent parameters but nothing changes...
The thread must call the callback itself upon the receipt of some inter-thread comms, (eg.
There's always a person walking around making sure you have refills and you got everything you need to enjoy your eating experience.
Parcel can have many locations (at different times), and a location might belong to many parcels (at different times).
I skimmed the menu but the specials board is what really caught my attention.
The complimentary breakfast was also very delicious.
Spacious, with plenty of great views from around the stadium, Jeff G.
jQuery Form plugin - how to prevent double submission?
When I make changes to a css file, or any file for that matter i'm unable to see the changes right away.
I'm on a Madison grocery store reviewing rage!
You have about 16 choices on the buffet, not including soup, meats.\nWe both chose to have the pasta trio - where you are initially given 3 small portions of the daily special pasta, with ordering more as needed.\nThe desserts are phenomenal.
Tryon, the entrance to this place is on College St (back side of Hearst Tower) so you can decide where to park.
If you list your git remotes you'll probably see something like this: To push to a different heroku app you can just add that app as a new git remote.
Next time when opening the view, the observer gets added again, but now when the observed notification gets posted - I get .
We were fortunate having a large group, so we were seated in a dining area where we could close a set of doors.
I've had the dry rub ribs why were meaty and flavorful.
You may want to try these: It may lost the connection, so you can try: Updating to new tools may mess up the settings: Go to Storage Options and try to set as Media(MTP) or Camera(PTP) connection.
The best part was the tv in the mirror in bathroom.
The best selection of cheeses, deli meats, and spices Pittsburgh.
It's surprisingly efficient, with the main problem being memory access of 8- and 16-byte values (which needs to be done in multiple steps).
This loading message is generated by ShadowBox lightbox plugin because you have an error in your kjquery.js file at line 5, missing a as Keith comented.
but sometimes there's not enough seats so that's an issue, but the staff knows that and won't make your food until you have somewhere to sit so it's not like you're standing around with food and nowhere to sit.
The quality of the sushi and the coolness of the sushi chef Robert more than made up for it.
What I'm trying to create is a system where there is the quick login, and then if needed, another view to deal with registration, forgotten passwords, etc.
Downside is that I still have to make a call do databind the repeater as the event is never raised.
If he weren't so damn nice (like doing all sorts of free things for people) he could probably have himself a bigger, better garage and more people working for him.
The owner took us to our table and was clairvoyant as he asked if we were on our way to the play.
Cover is $10 and free well draft beer is included on Wednesdays and Fridays.
Armed with an arsenal of goods to take back to Ohio, we returned home, satisfied and entirely in the Christmas spirit.
I need to show loading animation image first time only, my current implementation it shows loading animation all the time.
Soooooo good but even one round cake would make me feel a bit sick from sugar overload.
I'll definitely be visiting Mark's again soon.
The Charlotte Bobcats, though fairly new to the city have all the makings of a great experience or evening out.
Dynamic StringGrid C++ Builder I created a program in C++Builder 6 and I have a problem now.
The result of the first comma expression is (which will be (whatever that is)).
I was a creature of habit though - - for lunch I very seldom strayed from their wonderful lobster bisque and a nice mixed green salad.
I am not sure what you want to accomplish.
It's just a fifteen minute drive down by Carowinds.\n\nThe store is literally divided in two - liquor on the left side, beer, wine and everything else on the right side.
I'd like to be able to read the calendar file and determine that: calendar has 3 properties Valid is an ENUM called eYN Cal is a String Status is a ENUM called eSTATUS Calendar.xsd gtypes.xsd The code from my attempt to access this information is below.
This was surprising for me but the fries were average and the corn was unbelievable.
And I also like specials that involve a $7 pitcher of good beer!\n\nOh, and great service!\n\nThanks for all that!\nMichael E
\n\nI was a bit disappointed in their not having french fries, but I tend to fill up on them, so in a way it allowed me to finish that delicious huge burger!\n\nI hear they are known for their ribs, as well.
So I decided to "catch" the right arguments to build it.
Yes, it will take longer (XML is more verbose), but it's not going to be something that the user will notice.
I would definitely recommend giving them a try for brunch even if you are not typically a fan of \""German\"" food -- I don't eat beef, pork, cabbage, etc but I can certainly find plenty of other options here that are excellent (Sp\u00e4tzle, Chicken, French Toast, Cheese Grits, Home Fries, Fresh Vegetables, Fresh Soup of the day, and delish fresh breads).
must try the other menu items someday.
Found new way to put job back to same queue with some delay time.
Next time I'm in Pitt, I'll definitely consider coming back.
I'm guessing that the difference between VBO and vertex array here is that VBOs have their actual data in graphics memory, while vertex arrays have to be streamed to the graphics card when you draw them.
Here´s how to parse the parameter on your own with PHP: No Facebook SDK needed in that case, btw.
Double-click on the "Notes.ini" file to open it in Notepad.
The much more significant drawback (showstopper) is that it does not work reliably (see my SOF question
\n\nThe Seafood Au Gratin was OUTSTANDING.
Right then and there I wished we were staying longer - like a month!\n\nThe suite had a giant flat screen TV, a big dining area, with room service menu, free wi-fi, and super comfy furniture.
They do cook the food fresh to order and I usually order their Teriyaki chicken special.
Something confusing about digital certificates A digital certificate is a digital document that certifies that a certain public key is owned by a particular user.
You can't access data asset files in the same way you access a random file using .
\nHad a good and productive hour.\nI like Sir Hobos.\nI will come back.
Thus far this is my formula for finding the string I want to alter it so that it excludes strings including the substring "banner"
I really appreciate that, and have had great experiences with both stylists.
The great wood stove and friendly staff that greets you certainly sets the stage for the evening.
Full service Starbucks coffee downstairs in the lobby.
I'm only getting single digit with no decimal places as result.
You're going to only get number 5 because it is the last one, and is overwriting the one before it.
Sat us immediately at a great table, and we received adequate and unobtrusive attention throughout the meal.
My favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte, not a 5 star Chicago/NY/Boston restaurant, but it is very good for the money, and I heartily recommend it.
I love the wine bar Beaudevin.
Oh, don't forget their greasy chili gralic fries :)
You can see the my own answer was far from simple to acually make it work reliably.
I found the easiest to achieve what I want, but I think it is impossible to specify the number of tasks that should be executed in parallel.
I'm not entirely sure about the string you are signing, you should try it with this (adding /Feeds/2009-01-01 to it): Also, Amazon expects a for the operation, not .
\n\nI also liked the fact that there were not any children at this Y, especially in the lap lanes and workout areas.
Their banana pie and carrot cake are SUPER!!!!!!!\nand if you happen to buy the whole container, you are required to give a 5-dollar deposit which will be returned if you bring it back.\n\nOh Monty, finally!\nThis morning, though I am still a little bit ill, I came only for you :) (and for me:))\nWaiting for less than 10 minutes, we were seated by the window.
Could you tell me what is a pem file and how to use it ?
Wrapping this information in the URL is better than using a cookie for example, as some users may delete all cookies after each browsing session.
The syntax for is like so: This will randomly generate a number from to excluding itself.
I'm a fan.\"" Hope to make it 5 after the next visit.
Every time I'm there, everyone is very attentive, and you can't beat the area.
You could bracket it with and if that seems wise based on your context.
It's affordable and delicious, definitely a no-brainer for a great, casual night out with friends.
Food here is out of this world good.
The Wave Pool was so nice an quiet for a while, but I'm not sure what happened because all of a sudden it was a mad house!!!
\n\nBrunch, only on Sundays, is amazing.
Just attended a conference for four nights.
I go here for pretty much everything when I don't want to drive too far for something.
It made for an awesome show!
Sides are usually not the star and this was the case.
Which is useful to get the token for all the files that was saved to either most recently used files list or future access list .
Note this is an Atom based server/protocol.
Or at least going for breakfast tomorrow morning!
I have been to Cool Beans a couple of times thanks to a co-worker.
Most of the places I've been to may put a few chips inside the pancake, but the majority of the chips are scattered on top of the pancakes.
This is a result of the gravity pushing against the force that pushed the player back from the tiles.
staff for going out of their way to cater to me like they did.\n\nRichard also steered me well with food choices.
Any hints are more than welcome!
You will notice that I am NSLogging the count property of my array: When I perform these NSLogs, they always NSLog with the correct count of 2.
If you juste write val or text , it's the reference to the function itself (and in js, a function is an object).
Would I handle this in the RegisterRoutes?
Chose it for the waffle which was great, but star was that house made maple ice cream: bursting with sweet maple flavor with a creamy texture.
They have a huge drink menu (...more like book) with lots of creative originals.\n\nI had the Cajun chicken mac special (the dish may have actually been titled \""Imagine the Rastabilities\"").
To extend on the Scott Answer, dont forget to add the filePath: property to log.js file...
The client needs to know where the puppet master is.
You can get fried, broiled or boiled (shrimp).
Private namespaces for library sub-modules using prototype I'm working on a large JavaScript UI module, think about something in the dimension of iScroll.
We started off with an appetizer, the ahi tuna with white chocolate foam and microgreens.
There's a Jenkins plugin precisely for this matter: Plugin Usage Thanks to this wonderful plugin I found many redundant plugins to remove in the Plugin Manager (you will be able to remove plugins that has no dependencies).
CSS: :hover and Sibling Selector I have a case where my design requires me to declare this class: In short, panels are tabs that fly in when targeted via an style link.
I'd say that Metcalfe's would be the place to stop after work to pick up groceries if you are too lazy or too tired to cook for the night because you could always make a pit-stop by the deli/hot foods/salad bar before exiting!
She ran some tests and started treatment and more importantly she made me feel like we are gonna figure out a DX and everything will be OK.
Our waitress, Corrin was delightful and smart and friendly and lovely.
Since pack200 works when run standalone, I could work around this if there were some way to tell jwrapper that the file is already packed.
It's an upscale sort of wine lounge, where you can chill on a chic sofa and sip on some wine, or get a snack if you're feeling peckish for something other than fast food.
prolog expanding predicate to iterate for multiple results, combining / resolving result sets I have a predicate "lookupOptions" which returns one by one some lists (Menus).
There is an equation given By looping over all the x and y coordinates, and checking that the output of this equation is less than zero, you can determine which points are 'inside' and colour them appropraitely.
If you want to repeat the same segmentation no matter how many times you call , you will need to specify the initial points yourself .
One of the greatest treasures of Madison.
Your is an inner non-static class the coupling of this 'has-a' is no different than if your class implemented .
My favorite eats are the soups and the pile-o-hashbrowns (think haystack without the artery clogging gravy).
\nHaving the affordable light rail (it's NOT FREE) right behind the hotel is VERY Convenient too.
I dug into the bread on the table and thoroughly enjoyed the holy oil dip.
Your solution is not so bad.
However, I am puzzled how to implement the blocking behavior similar to MessageBox.Show() and Dialog.Show().
Any other page can check what's stored (or not stored) in Session in the Page_Load handler and decide what to do then: continue or render an error, or redirect to another page.
\n\nYou usually think: cold, over-heated, dry....and your usual statement is \""it was good, FOR catering\""\n\nNOT the case this time, it wasn't just good for catering, it was extremely fresh, delicious and good, for consumption.
After declaring space for the 2 2d-arrays, you could then declare pointers to the 2d arrays which you might be able to work in a reasonable way.
You need to explicitly define getter/setter in your interface.
but I had a lovely, clean room with a nice bathroom.
Maybe someone can point to the right direction.
\n\nBut then I saw the menu.
\n\nI'm not one for cheap flip flops like you find at Old Navy or Target and am brand loyal to Reefs.
I once had to buy a dress in a hurry, and the person assisting me picked out three candidates (all on sale) and offered me her honest opinion about which one looked good on me.
Basic concept of message loop in directx Well I find weird point of message loop.
There is a 2GB limit for apps from the App Store but as far as user data goes, you should be able to basically fill the disk.
I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.
Each bite is different - sometimes sweet, sometimes a little saltier, fruitier, other times crunchier.
And DEFINITELY drop by for a super inexpensive and pleasant lunch if you happen to find yourself in the Bloomfield neighborhood.
My test has been as follows: I have a Container Engine cluster with 2 node pools (different zones) with 2 nodes each.
This is a great place to shop.
I am new to netlogo itself, but I think it's good to know what are the options that I might not be aware of :)
Secondly create some articles for your category.
How to convert '［' to '[' use python I use this : But Error:
Changing mouse-cursor on a html-page I need a way of changing the mouse-cursor on a html-page.
This one worked for me 100% after trying a bunch of other things: Go to Tools -> Options -> Environment -> Keyboard -> Press the (RESET) button Go to ReSharper - > Options -> Keyboard &amp; Menus -> Select the "Visual Studio" scheme -> Press "Apply Scheme" Press "Save" Press "CTRL-T".
But other than that, perfect place and good service.
You should nest your for-loops, and only fill the left part.
Since the Great Wall doesn't typically do a buffet, but instead puts a variety of their typical dishes out on a jury-rigged affair, it's like getting a family-style selection of meals, rather than your normal Chinese buffet.\n\nWhile you don't have the selection of some buffets, where you'll have three, four or even five buffet lines to choose from, the food is overall much fresher, and the experience much better.
As I said, the paint process is a complex process, each method is a link in the chain, if you break the chain, you should be prepared for some strange and unexpected behaviour down the track.
I believe that this is the only way to solve this.
There is no need to create a folder specifically for your configuration file, you can specify its path with the or option.
They also do student rush tickets, too I believe.
How to sort tab delimited out?
Don't remember exactly how much we ended up paying, but I know it was close to 60% off from the previous year.
I want client side grid paging in Kendo Grid.
I tried the obvious: But that gives: Trying the suggestion of the new sbt launcher with -sbt-snapshot fails too:
How can I create a directed graph of strings in JavaScript?
Friendly reminder: beer sales stop after the third quarter.
What amazed me the most was the near-perfect execution of the pizza with so few ingredients and none of the usual and stereotypical Italian seasonings.
\n\nWe ordered the Brewery chicken nachos and Southwest egg rolls, both were delicious!
I would recommend this place over any other salon in the area!
\n\nIt was absolutely pouring down rain when we arrived, which was actually ok because the doors hadn't opened yet, and it also gave us an opportunity to have the gardens to ourselves once we were let in.
It was certainly the best looking plate of the evening.
Do you know how can I achieve it?
All the values highlighted in yellow needs to be copied.
I am new to php, can anyone help.
So it sees the base URI as .
I will always grab a bag of mozzarella whips - the kids and I will take care of those before they hit the fridge.\n\nMy dad is a big fan of this place as well.
I also have one that does Seconds.
For example: The Laravel Form helper automatically spoofs the form and adds the hidden field for the method.
I have images, but when I'm trying to make it only scroll horizontally, it doesn't work?
For the $_POST variables use syntax as $_POST['your variable name'] I corrected your code as below:
Problems Something does not feel right..
I have frequented many 'steak' houses, and I find Capital Grill the BEST.
Also, the cinnamon roll was delightful.
Everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices.
I think I'll go this weekend and see if he's got a Rickenbacker in stock.\nNo Bullshit sales lines, no pressure, just the straight skinny!
In case, you have any query, you can let us know anytime.
Overall never had a problem here and its one of my favorite \""bigger\"" airports.
However, I am huge on add-ons.
Move your setup.py to this directory and please keep this window open.
.val() not assigning return to new variable After this zip will remain at 0 no matter what the value of "input" is.
Why this isn't on the menu is beyond me.
following code snippets may help you:
Fix it by adding bottom toolbar.
UPDATE * it has been fixed * The issue because I had two blocks of in routes.rb
Though the breads here are so fresh and enjoyable.
I'll make this short and sweet.
As for your problem, I can't really make any guesses without seeing your code.
So great to be such a small place and the prices rock as well.
Note that does not override , so your logs will simply say .
What are the advantages and disadvantages of RecyclerView compared to ListView?
The resulting query might look very ugly.
Edit: after i got it working, the text in the label was larger than the label itself, so the text got clipped.
There's also a new appetizer on the menu that is quite tasty - spring rolls with a raspberry sauce and a cucumber/garlic pepper sauce - just outstanding!
The problem only occurs if I use a custom page-layout inside a custom page-library.
Make a SQL query with the WHERE clause accepting array I have an array of six elements ( ) and I would like to make a SQL query that would look like this:
Not only did he check us in immediately, he gave us a \""breakfast bag\"" full of muffins, juices, and granola bars!
They always recognize their regulars with a friendly hello.
The palak paneer is also delicious.
Such a cute store, with a really great vibe.
in your app.xaml In your xaml
Who doesn't like a hot cup of coffee and comfort food :) Yummo to this place!
Dang those pretzals are awful for you but so good.
Is there any way I can get around that?
Here is the structure: All the web applications share common resources, such as JS, CSS and images files.
It is a pricy place but it is worth every penny.
A very classy but casual spot in the university area.
You should use something like a AsyncTask where you have a template method for 'background' operation (non-ui thread operation) and the 'onPostExecute' which already executes on the UI thread.
From here the overview page is opened with the following: This is the colorbox code that will open the file the within the file I have: to echo it out.
Then in the test case could check whether exception or assertion Error is raised
Then you can write the resulting string value to the Excel cell.
I haven't eaten here that many times, but I got take out last weekend and it was awesome.
He too ate it all!\n\nOur server was very good at explaining each menu item to us, and didn't steer us wrong with her recommendations.
You can perform the same configuration using the command line.
The overhead of keeping references to the objects in two different collections is not very high, because it's only one reference per object (plus some fixed overhead for the implementation itself).
Adopted a 2 year old cat.\n\nProcess was simple, came in, spent time with some of the animals my girlfriend and I were interested in, we decided on a cat.
Anyway, seating was very prompt as we had a reservation.
Show dialog when the input data is validated For my school project I have to realize a mini website where I use primefaces framework.
You can do that with the date function.
I was staying at Presbyterian Hospital with my boyfriend after surgery and was tired of the food selection downstairs so I thought .....
Also, they offer a cash discount, so if you pay with a credit/debit card you'll pay more (yes, this is perfectly legal).
If you do find yourself having to wait, the time is never that long.\n\nA major plus: the restaurant is non-smoking, so you won't have to worry about the smells of cigarette smoke intermingling with the smells and taste of your own food.
Automatic dependencies in TeamCity (or other continuous build)?
This is the problem that I currently have.
There is no autowiring for the .
then tell yourself it is, believe it, and make everyone else believe it too!
But the salsa tastes vary different between the two restaurants.
Now, I've skimmed through the Parser, but I'm not sure I can figure it out.
We have been looking for a new vehicle for several months, but hadn't made the purchase because of unclear pricing and the fact that most places didn't have what we asked for, but wanted to steer us into buying what they had...\n\nOur request was immediately answered by your team, and Kristen was friendly, helpful, and thoughtful.
I have a list of lists like this: I want to get a list of unique entries by the third item in each child list (the 'id'), i.e.
In general, I am not a fan of Shadyside bars.
This is not shown in the datepicker.
Equally, I have been unable to find any solutions for determining which profile is being used.
The layer structure allows for inheritance.
When you Ruby searches for a file called either or depending on your platform.
My fish from here have lasted longer than the ones from Petsmart/Petco and the customer service is always great.
You can create a List(Of String) e.g.
You can try something like this:-
It almost seems cruel I have to choose between the two!
then when preforming the operation you need to keep a list of what you got before then use it as dataSource for the comboBox.
When I click on Home my task executes, and then when I choose the picker again, it is set to All.
Very friendly service; freebies galore: Internet, parking, breakfast, dinner, 2 drinks per night.
My one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this was much more HANDS ON than the glass blowing was.
how create simple side menu with jquery?
\n\nOtherwise they'd be getting five stars from me, no question.
in my app settings i have written this Website with Facebook Login Then what's the problem in site url?
If I use I have to decide on one way of comparison.
Which is a tease cause they provide popcorn\n\n***update, on the topic of being noisy if your room is by the pool, be aware of the stupid pool gate that has nothing to slow it down.
However I get "false" as response when I try to impersonate users from other domains.
I am only interested in the first part with the slash so hence the regular epxression.
As you are obviously writing the request, the problem should the latter.
The framework is also setup to go to the views folder to fetch appropriate files.
I wouldn't send it away, but perhaps I was expecting something more after the faaaaaantastic appetizer and entree.\n\nWhew.
How to format an HTTP PUT request?
Note that you'd need to return a with the data UTF8-encoded rather than modifying the directly:
The way you proceed when creating modules seems valid to me.
If you have load balance server before your cxf services, it makes sense that you define the publishedEndpointUrl to the load balance address.
Then my share link will also fix the language.
Why did the server blocking in there?
A sample approach of this type would be: The ideal storage mechanism for such a transaction stream is one that lends itself well to low-latency writes/updates.
I'd simply configure the installed container against which you run your integration tests.
Then one day I decided I didn't need sushi, I was going to try a lunch special...
The good news is that either Hamm's is a lot better than I remember, or I was drunker than I thought.
Please verify if my understanding is correct (and also provide some alternative ways how to do this).
I highly recommend the cheese empanadas, solterito (fava bean and corn salad), and the chaufa de quinoa (like fried rice but with quinoa)!
The idea is that you decide what parts of the image are allowed to stretch and which aren't.
This is probably the wisest way to do what you're asking: This creates an anonymous type that has the data you're looking for.
But php still doesn't know how to interpret $itemsOnSale or $items.
Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.\n\nThe interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up.
They have weird hours, weird cooks, weird customers, and great food.
They also have a cart with dry soup mix that is gluten free and looked pretty tasty.
I do so: But if the page is large, it takes a lot of time.
\n\nA really fun place, if showing it's age (though remorselessly).
If it still doesnt work, you need to use VPS or cloud.
The code above does not appear to contain a value for the FROM email address.
I love pseudo elements so that's exactly what I would use here.
The Charlotte Athletic Club is a wonderful gym and is just as easily accessed as the hotel's own.
I subclassed a and added this bit of code.
your_TOMCAT_HOME_DIR_/conf/server.xml), to see if they are not already used Here you can look at the port used for starting Tomcat: default value 8080 stopping Tomcat: default value 8005 using with AJP protocoll: default value 8009 and if you are using Tomcat in debug mode (through jdpa or jdwp ), please make sure to use a different port than all the previous configured ports
Without more detail on your situation, here are some helpful resources.
I really need to know How to I access the complex type cal and see that it's a string?
You probably want to style the anchor, so add it to that
The crowd is always hype, and it's fun to go out and find a spot where Charlotte really comes together.
It may not sound right but it's excellent.
I called in advance to carry out and I still had to wait 15 min just to pay.
How to get stroke count of Chinese character?
In short, Pseudo code: The below drawFrame() is executed for 300 times (300 frames) in a loop.
It is one of the best code coverage tools for generating nice output reports.
I was just wondering if the Paypal Payment plugin on Drupal needs a "Sandbox account" (different from my real Paypal account) or if by just enabling the Sandbox option it somehow signals Paypal about it and any transactions are just ignored while that option is enabled.
However, you would need 2 subqueries (1 or article, 1 trailers), then 2 queries in which the subqueries are joined back to article / trailer tables, and a 5th one top combine them into 1 query, so I will not describe this approach.
Then the block statement that you want executed three times is being executed once.
\n\nBy far the best espresso martini in the city!\n\nThey also have an excellent food menu for both the bar and restaurant.
You just don't have that much control over a table's default header styles.
The calamari is decent but the goat cheese app is something I frequently dream of!!
Create a new with refnum as key and qty as value.
Though, the is a bit of an educated guess as I am not very familiar with MatLab.
What is this doing the by the way?
HeeBee G.'s Axiom #1: If you use one of those discount hotel reservation sites, be prepared to be handed the keys to the \""pound puppy\"" room.
but couldn't wait a year to eat it.
(In your case __array_wrap__) From the question it seems like your class' methods should always be preferred, since they are the same (through inheritance) or overridden.
There are a lot of "extensions" (bundles) that can be used in the websites if they have the right to use it.
I was in Charlotte for a wedding and needed a pedicure.
It seems that thrift does not support pipelining requests on a single connection (though correct me if I'm wrong), but it seems like it would be greatly beneficial to be able to reuse a thrift tcp connection when one rpc is done with it.
\n\nAlmost everdyday the lunch menu offers a \""special,\"" which tends to be the most succulent sandwich filler one could ever conjure up in their kitchen.
She then went and started working on it right then and there.
The second one is a completely different selector.
I try to create a web interface that would handle the number of times that the employees will eat in the canteen ...
\n\nCan I admit, I wish I hadn't offered my husband half of mine, so I could have eaten the whole thing?
It's not good coding (anymore) to set them in the layout (I used to do that, as well^^).
\n\nLast month I went to get my wedding band fixed.
RecyclerView item contains two textviews which displays simple text like this : If User taps on text value, its value gets changed (Value is binary so it will be only two).
I have an application which let's me drag&amp;drop items from a modified on to a modified using , , , etc.
The answer I found is that Haml doesn't play well with javascript.
My question is for eg, for Fibonacci number F1 = 1, F2 =1, F3=2, and so on.
\n\nOverall, I'm very thankful there is a Korean BBQ place in Pittsburgh.
If you're not using then any other way you prefer.
Since we're both parents and don't get out often without our children in tow, we wanted to make sure that we fully enjoy our food and drink wherever we decide to go.\n\nWe actually enjoyed ourselves very much, thank you, at this wonderful downtown spot.
Try to delete or rename .suo file (including extension).
But I am constantly getting errors, I tried replacing single quotes with double quotes but no use.
It most definitely is a cozy, inexpensive, good quality \""stay in and relax\"" go to.
\n\nThe bartender is always the same guy when I go, and if he's the only one up front who has to seat me I get a distinctly unhappy vibe off him.
Authentication itself will be made by ASP.NET pages.
It is mostly the young professional crowd.
how do i create a debuggable axis2 project in eclipse using maven?
This will not work because the last is a number and you pass it the string "PRICE".
Take a look at jQuery's command
Did I let it end there?
Sending long XML over TCP I'm sending an object (class name ) over TCP using the on the server side in response to any message received from the .
If I understand what you're trying to do...
If your text is mostly Western, UTF-8 encoding will be more compact, and it will be more likely to work with the C-and-Unix nature of MySQL.
For example, take a look at this query: It will provide you result for three roles.
You can enjoy Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh in a day, but since the price is right why not come twice?
The minimum deployment is iOS 4.3.
The food is consistently amazing (I highly recommend the blackened shrimp pasta), the ambiance is great for a casual or more formal gathering, and the service is tremendous.
By setting $cfg['DefaultDisplay'] = 'horizontal'; in the config.inc.php the view will change once you restart your apache server, and refresh your cache (best method is to logout and log back in).
You can just use the .hidden property on the button To hide the button, if not already hidden To change the visibility of your button, you can use
Is there a way i can do this?
That said, I had the best pork chop I've ever had here and for that I was endlessly thankful.
Following is the output I received (last line): Which permission is denied and who's getting killed?
Populate cells with two numbers only using vba Please help me, what I am trying to do is to populate cells N2:N1041 with numbers 0 and 2.
I can't get the numbers into the list .
Accessing NI-VISA from Qt C++ 4.7 I am developing a Windows (7) application using Qt (4.7.0) to call some methods in a DLL (NI visa32.dll) to communicate with instruments through the GPIB port.
Is it correct to assume that if all leaf nodes have a gini = 0.0, there will be no random variation in classification across trees generated with a different random seed?
I love me some Indian food and so far this is the best I've found in Charlotte.
Then I need to output all user IDs, IPs and emails so I can ban any user in another table that matches these criteria.
Located right off the West Trade Street exit on 77 South it's easy on easy off.
He was very understanding and wanted to make things right, so he gave me a $25 gift card to use the next time I'm there.
From the layout of the interior, to the style of service, to the quality of the food- this place has it all.
Here is my HTML code which is I am putting on the Crystal Report: But this is not adjusting in report.
Small restaurant, very friendly and attentive staff.
I have this error: Cannot use PhpOffice\PhpWord\Shared\String as String because 'String' is a special class name in /home/.../vendor/phpoffice/phpword/src/PhpWord/Style/Paragraph.php Then I using lastest PhpOffice/PhpWord and PhpOffice/Common but it's showing next error: Fatal error: Class 'PhpOffice\PhpWord\Settings' not found in /app/code/core/Mage/Core/Model/Config.php on line 1348 Can you help me solve this error?
Post a status in facebook and tag friends I am trying to post a status on users own wall and tag the friends on it.
They have a second menu with specialities and authentic Mexican dishes.
But if I change the contract in test-define.rkt: change to then I run the act.rkt again, I get: Why?
My wife's short rib ravioli was creative and very tasty.
It's not bad but still less convenient than if I could park in the parking garage immediately under the hotel.\n\nElevators are slow and the escalators between the lobby and function room floors kept breaking down.
About a 8 min walk to the convention center.
I realized today that everyone should have a good tailor!
Buy what you KNOW you're going to eat.
I gave her a picture of the haircut I wanted and it actually looked better than the picture when she was done.
I have tried a solution and the defauilt solution.
Or, is there a better way to do this?
Change the population code to something like:
They use amazingly fresh and yummy fruits and veggies.
For example: each time a variable x changes in value record the time of the change and the change itself.
There is an IL re-writer that injects code into your methods based on the contracts that you specify.
The call does not reflect this substitution; it returns the same passed in.
functions in update panel doe not work??This method is never executed doe not work??This method is never executed doe not work??This method is never executed
Ammo availability has not been an issue here.\n\nClasses are offered for guns and women's self defense(no gun).
Steps: Start on a sheet other than the one with the data.
I imagine that there must be a tool that visualizes this as a tree/forest structure for any given search term.
I think because XOR is reversible.
You can find some things here you wouldn't find anywhere else as well as some delicious fresh baked bread.\n\nNow it seems you can only shop here 3 times before becoming a member.
FYI, here's the query: Here's an excerpt from the ORM class: Our query() method looks something like this (some more joinedloads omitted):
\nI used their room service for breakfast twice (I was feeling lazy)- also tasty and you can find \""healthier\"" options on the menu.
Can someone correct my coding so the confirmation page will not load and the email will not be sent if the customer email is left blank?
He and his staff were calm, professional and welcoming.
The above is clearly not right...
But is it also possible to match class names?
The dialog box shown at Task bar.
The result will be the same: A rounded stored value with a loss of precision.
Probably a bit late but I had the same problem and found that this can be avoided if you use a different Connection Mode when connecting to a remote Queue.
They've added a fresh tortilla maker and a place for a live band.
This seems like a difference in how optimization is being done by the compiler, or something to do with IEEE floating point representation internally, but I am curious as to exactly how this difference occurs.
I guess the programmatic way of doing to would be to use a modified dfs/bfs to explore all the paths of length N or less, and sum together the rewards from those paths (N chosen so that 0.9^N is small).
Could anyone give me a clue on this?
\n\nThe food is interesting and the atmosphere is very unique.
Therefore, I strongly suspect the 'bufbomb' file is not a valid executable or object file.
I am designing a new chrome extension and when I package it then I get 2 file: a .crx file and a .pem file.
It made me realize that I totally take Crepes Parisiennes for granted.
Closed on Tuesdays, which somehow is always the day I'm craving it.
You'll need plenty of napkins and beverage while devouring this bird.
Also if you show me the SQL I might be able to help.
Bet he has one or two.
I might be wrong but I'm preety sure that its not possible to decrypted hashed strings.
[EDIT] I want to pass the to the controller.
Comparing variables inside a /F loop (BATCH) I have this code: For some reason I the If statement in there errors.
That would be when activity loses focus (device enters sleep mode, screenlock, etc), a different activity takes the foreground (where activity may or may not have been initiated by activity ).
So where I was trying to do: python was trying to find file "arg1" to execute, but if I just change it to: this actually works!
of course salt and pepper.\nthe mac and cheese is surprisingly great!
Other than that they have a huge variety of products and grocery items to choose from.
But I'm not sure if you want to use an abstract class or interface.
You can either upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2 (which uses Flyway 3.1 by default) or stick with Spring Boot 1.1 and try overriding the version of Flyway to 3.1.
They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.
You can go through the whole place in about 90 minutes, and then head over to the nearby runway overlook at Charlotte-Douglas Airport to watch the planes take off and land.
However, I find it meaningless to continuously retrieving the same data as the user navigates through the app.
I talked with her about color options and products to make my curly hair tame and straight.
Prices are very reasonable and the food is of high quality.
Perhaps I need to use ?
I was there last week because a family member died.
Output: Am I missing something obvious?
redirect() is giving header() error even though nothing is being output to the browser So basically, I'm getting an error message which reads: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at D:\xampp\htdocs\star\application\controllers\process_login.php:1) I know what is the meaning of that error but I can't figure out where the output was started.
Add $GOPATH/bin to your PATH variable in your shell, for bash:
Don't get me wrong I'm not expecting 12 ounces of meat but it can be disappointing.
There is bread served with oil/balsamic which is delicious.
If you want to check for strings that doesn't contain space you can use
\n\nHowever, they are victims of their own awesomeness.
Although wifi in the room is limited, short and slow.
Still one of the guys took us on a private tour.
It's everything that Harris Teeter, Food Lion and Bi-Lo aren't.
It would be a good idea to include the results of the singe IO unit tests outlined above as well as further comparative results.
Frugal MacDoogal's is just on the other side of the state line.
Staff is knowledgeable and makes great suggestions.
Homemade honey mustard, gouda, Swiss, and the best kielbasa we've ever had the pleasure to bite into.
But, I am not getting the actual size of the file , what I am getting is compressed size due to which I am unable to show the correct download progress.
Not my favorite, but worth a try if you're hungrier than usual.
I am not so sure that I would order an entree again but I would certainly love to try more of their creations and could probably make a meal of their maki and sushi.
DDD: how to keep a complex value object immutable?
I will probably be back here very soon!
Best salon in Dormont, if not the city.
If you don't want to reimport your whole workspace, try -refresh or move this project temporarily out of the way.
Good food and good service, and right by the house....
They have a huge menu which is awesome!
When scrolling down/up, we request the filtering of the bmp (b&amp;w, sepia...).
But as is always the case, they now want the option that the Anchor tag should be omitted if there is no link.
Take a look at the namespace.
Sitting there in their mismatched, vintage-y looking diner, I felt like I was in the Mission in SF (OK, maybe minus the fact that everyone was sporting their winter gear, which would never be necessary in CA).
Note that Cocos2d is open source and, thus, you could study the source to see how it implements isometric projections if you decide to roll your own solution.
Each string contains a comma-separated list of items.
They told us it would be about 15 minutes for a table and steered us upstairs to the bar while we waited for our table.
If I'm doing this all wrong please tell me.
Due to size, it doens't have quite the selection of a store like Borders, but they have good fiction and children's sections, and be sure you will find all the classics here.
My most favorite thing here is the ability to purchase raw, unpasteurized unhomogenized milk.
but this story of the plugin made me really unconfortable.
So the proposes solution would be: write manually the HTML pages with the necessary JS tags and upload them to Google Pages.
Scraping with a multithreaded queue + urllib3 suffers a drastic slowdown I am trying to scrape a huge number of URLs (approximately 3 millions) that contains JSON-formatted data in the shortest time possible.
this can be done by choosing correct start and stop values for t.
I said that wasn't necessary, I wasn't in a rush.
I solved my problem by creating a compound border attribute every time I set the border color, like this:
Advice: Consider finding an extended library for general use.
Could I somehow do this without the encoding?
My AlbumController.h: And my implementation of the didFinishLaunchingWithOptions-method: Thanks guys, Cheers, dooonot
By the way, I'm using While-Wend now.
If I had known that It was nothing like the Good Will I would have been here a lot sooner.
I wondered if it was a bar or a restaurant, a week later, I found out that it's kind of both!
Currently, the boundaries of the rectangular cropped eye after pasting are very much visible.
edits go to queue table and if admin aproves queue->real->history...
The Capital Grille in downtown Charlotte is an excellent restaurant with fine service, welcoming people, and great food.
(And even there there are things that you can't change on the fly.) Your best bet is probably to use the servers IP address rather than hostname.
I'll show you with two images, the one with two lines is the result of having a custom height for my cells.
The shuttle service is sub-par and is usually packed to the brim with people and their luggage.
The pieces of nigiri themselves are bite size - as in 1 bite without looking like you're stuffing your mouth.
That is a beautiful and coffeeful sunny summer afternoon for you.
Is there a way to use TeeCharts for Xamarin.Forms with Windows 8/8.1?
The staff are all very friendly and you are welcome to take a look around before deciding to join.
Man, I just love this place.
This is the kind of airport where you may have to run from one end to the other to catch a connecting flight.
Everything was delicious but I would have rather have had another sandwich or two over the last plate and larger scones.
I also use those classes for other things.
The sales associate was funny and interactive.
I count Intelligentsia and Blue Bottle Coffee as some of my favorite places, so I mean it when I say the coffee here is wonderful.
Am I using the stream package wrong?
It included a mimosa/bloody mary, appetizer, and main plate.
The code looks something like this: This is not working.
When I tested it, and I clicked the second button, the grid immedialtey reflected the update.
It's got a large bear encased in glass who watches over the crowd, and a bar to serve up some inexpensive drinks.
if statement inside mysql query to determine table to select I would like to perform a if statment in the middle of a query, I need to find out if oc.product_type == 'clothing' or 'other' If it is clothing, then i need to select the specific_clothing table instead of the non_clothing table?
I have been going to Pro Nails for the past 7 years and couldn't be happier.
There are several steps involved so follow closely.
I prefer not to use jQuery.
This is a really great tailor!
make your like this, If you want to print 2 digits after the decimal point, you can follow this approach.
I took 2 slices and and im not even hungry anymore.
Theres plenty places for wine and Tequilla and i just got a hot Cinnabon..
All agree that this matches up to our local favorites and is definitely the best place for Sushi in this part of town.
Use INTERSECT to select only identical rows in all three tables:
I also tried an Irish Whiskey truffle bar that my boyfriend got - I don't care much for dark chocolate so it was too rich for me, but i liked the creamy center.\n\nDefinitely for the chocolate fan - especially if you like dark chocolate, they have countless varieties of it.
One technique that's common (especially in older editors) is called a split buffer.
I am working on a shinydashBoard At initial state, users will click on the button and the form of the renderUI will change.
Orange marinated fennel and sauce introduced a citrus flavor that added to the layers of the dish yet didn't overpower it.
Steak Omelet, I'm thinking imitation steak but no, also with 3 types of cheeses what could go wrong.
I am hoping to return there to have our wedding rings made.
Good authentic Italian cuisine at a very reasonable price.
Wilson's has, dollar for dollar, the city's greatest Friday night fish fry.
I don't typically like chicken on the bone or dark meat but I dove right in and I am glad I did, this place is the real deal.
This example also may help you to understand:
When I'm in the the are, this is my go-to shopping spot.
Never the less it was fun and my daughter liked it
Any help for setting up an Eclipse RCP multi-user scenario using Windows Roaming Profiles is greatly appreciated...
I am now using the ON DUPLICATE KEY trigger and once again the information just adds a record each time instead of updating.
...doesn't work unfortunately since you cannot use data binding syntax in the parameter controls.
otherwise it will not work :) So it should be something like: Answer is changed based on Joseph question.
Pamela's is known for stick-to-your-ribs diner food and they do it very well.
The skillet are to die for.
Phase 2: free the nodes in the "set" datastructure.
To be completely honest, I thought I had.
But if the content contains a mixture of both, it won't work.
There is a kitchen with a full sized refrigerator, microwave, stove and sink.
The dinning room is located in the back behind the bar.
Great tailor, I went in today for the first time and the service was great.
All EDSL frameworks I know have helper functions to decorate your "literal" expression as a domain expression, e.g.
If you want a robot to belong to multiple then change the world varible to List.
The food is great (especially love the ginger sunflower dish and spicy peanut wrap) though newcomers may think otherwise.
Butterworths and put out some real maple syrup for those tasty pancakes.
But you are here for the burgers - they are fresh, as is everything on them.
I want to override this for some specific pages to allow framing from some particular websites.
When I encounter an integrity error, I get the following message and I skip that particular transcation and continue with the rest of them
I'm not a car girl and Lester couldn't have been more accommodating.
The purest way I can think of to do this is with IPC.
Already initialized constant warnings I'm using Nokogiri code to extract text between HTML nodes, and getting these errors when I read in a list of files.
There was one group of maybe 10 (noise wasn't so much from them anyway) people but otherwise all small groups.
It's a nice place for a summertime date.
The person who brought out my sushi cared that I'd liked everything.
The hubby had a peppermint soda with a scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream that was really good, and we had a panini and chili that were also tasty.
You might find this formula helpful, it will check for a null value in either column Leave out the curly braces and enter the function using Ctrl + Shift + Enter You can drag that down for the following results
The staff is excellent about communicating with owners about even minor changes in your dog's behavior and simply giving you updates about how your dog's socialization and adjustment.
how'd it compare to fat jack's?\""\n\nchances are my response will be something like, \""it's good...
\n\nThe menu looked absolutely delicious, I ordered the lobster bisque, jumbo lump crab cakes and mango salsa and key lime pie for dessert.\n\nThe lobster bisque was divine!
When my favorite lamp stopped working, I went to Lighting by Erik because they were close to my home.
By doing a bit of bookkeeping(valid child indexes of each node) for every octree node, it is easy to reuse this buffer to fill in octree nodes without needing to allocate/deallocate octree nodes every timestep.
Nice crust not thin but not to thick, the sauce is tasty, cheese was nice...
Worth stopping in for a treat.
I was amazed on my first visit to Upstream.
It has a great Italian atmosphere and everyone is talking loudly which makes it a great place for a date or a dinner with friends.
Also have a go with - Quick ruby tutorial in your browser Finally check out the hackety-hack project it's designed to help people learn to program, although version 1 is only just out.
\n\nWe had a great time over all.
The result is very few rows.
Here is my code: HTML: JavaScript:
When the View is bound to the Model: If the View needs to change or you have multiple views a change to the Model will cause changes to all the Views bound to that Model.
git log 'branch-name' -- 'file-name' | head -1
\n\nThusly, I have had their Chicken Ranchero Pizza and their Greek Pizza, and their cheesy breadsticks, and good.
The Porcini Delmonico Steak and Lobster Mac n Cheese rule!!
Inner query in Linq How to write a linq query to retreive questions from questions table which is not attempt by user before.
The artwork on the walls were fun to look at.
I came here once and ordered pho, and I was very disappointed.
You could do it through a server side call, but NOT from the client side.
This means: each of the two words begins earlier than the other word ends, so they do overlap
If I lived closer, I would want it all the time.
After these steps you are ready to go.
It's a four egg omelet....I mean does it get much better than that???
it was a lot of fun and the decor was awesome too.
I stopped by Olive or Twist for a couple of drinks with my friend and fellow Yelper Carrie W.
As time has passed and having visited the beautiful city of Pitssburgh, I now respect the Steelers organization and more NFL teams should be run this way.\n\nThey have great unis, cool logo only on one side of the helmet, fantastic Heinz Field and a fab base of displaced Pittsburghers all over the nation.
But if you need a ride they offer towncar service out of the hotel for a decent rate.
I usually get the dynasty noodles with a side hot sauce and the food always comes out pretty quickly.
However if you're traveling Internationally, it's not an Envoy lounge and therefore not as large as the lounge in Philly.
Maybe this only works for WCF web services?
cloud-init can only grow the root partition, and that doesn't work when the image is built with the root filesystem inside of an extended partition: My partman recipe currently looks like this: I cannot for the life of me see a way of just ending up with xvda1 by itself - is there anything obscure in the docs I may have missed?
The 'Miracle on the Hudson' exhibit is the centerpiece, but our little ones also enjoyed being able to climb into the cockpit of a Vietnam-era fighter jet and other cool planes.
The best place for Indian food in Charlotte.
The standard also defines a string representation for this week-of-year span of time in the format of (or omitting hypen, ) such as .
The original cost was $3 million back in 1928.
I only want three things from a transit system:\n\n1.
I was under the impression that you could run different tasks at the same time in parallel when using threads?
I had an issue with Seleinum 2.45 driving Firefox version 38 : when instantiating the Firefox driver with no profile, an instance of Firefox would load and immediately crash to desktop; subsequently another instance would load as normal.
But I saw a bunch of other slant eyes here with me, and I imagined they were like me, wide eyed and happy to be here eating whatever this was.\n\nI'd take my mom here.
It is not too pretty but you could use your first list and then select from the second list with .
The method of a file object returns a list of the lines of the file including the newline characters .
After doing some research (based on the other stack overflow answers) I assume it has something to do with the way my classpath is setup.
\n\nThe gentleman was very affable, and the atmosphere was pleasant.
So eating it outside on a windy day was not a problem at all!
After running for 10 seconds and crashing, 22MB of data is generated by strace.
\nThe last night we were there we watched a stunning fireworks display from our room after the B-ball game at PNC.
When I press it the second time, then it will update the the list leaving out the very last string.
I must admit I always stick with the breakfast-y menu items, but I'm such a fan of this place!\nYou gotta appreciate Ritter's being open 24 hours.
This is the correct place to do clean up and reset a cell for reuse.
(also using split) i want to limit the users input in two cases: 1.With a string and split, when asking the user to put in two, 2 digit numbers I wrote: I want to only enable him to write an input that is two 2 digit numbers, and if he does something else I want to pop an error, and for him to be prompted again, until done right.
Cafe Luna is lovely at lunch time, with tapas at dinner.
Use it's free and easy to configure android library.
(star).\nI found a dish I love not available at Pei Wei - Salt and Pepper Prawns (star).
I'm basically searching something like this: Of course this query will not work, but this is how it should look like.
They are usually open before Panther games.
If that isn't dynamic enough for you, you may have to consider artificial intelligence, or looking for a different job.
I leave your other code intact: Note that this solution will disable and select all contained checkboxes in a widget.
Otherwise it will check to see if the file matches the 2nd format and executes that echo.
The fries that accompany the pita are always very flavorful, too.
Also, I was at the Waterworks last month and they are renovating this to make it a Market District.
:) truly, this restaurant is definitely a place to enjoy apps and entrees.
\n3.0 - Cajun Burger: Now that's some seasoning.
I will definitely go back for my next pair of sunglasses.
Update: the Firefox bug is now marked as “fixed” and will make it into a near-future update.
It might possible to beef up the regex, but IMHO a complicated regex might be a little too brittle for your html parsing needs.
If you're lucky enough to catch the owner, he's an extremely personable and nice fellow.
I made some functions where I complete the times I need.
Well, if the front room was filled to the brim with every part under the cycle sun, the back room was equally bursting with every tool imaginable; none of which I knew how to use.
Lady pouring the drinks did not seem the most friendly, almost like we interrupted her night, but then again, maybe she was having a bad day or just wanted to go home, it was later in the night.
Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.\n\nThere is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).
Since I travel so frequently, and this happens to be my home airport, I like it.
But that's because I'm from Philadelphia and any cheese steak that isn't made and prepared there is not a cheese steak to me.
Home cooking, friendly service and the pies are amazing!!
They don't cover websockets unless it enterprise or maybe business depending on traffic.
On the other one, we use that simply drops the first byte (because we're using a Enumerator[Array[Byte]]) Furthermore, now has a signature much more closer than what you wished, because it returns 2 enumerators (not so far from Promise, Enumerator)
First issue is that the select box and the rendered content must all appear in the same div in order to work.
\n\nWe had dinner here last night.
I'm not a huge fan of crowds and Phillips Place is crowded.
\n\nI have been to a few Panthers games.
To run a server with an embedded Neo4j you'd probably have to go the way of extending .
Truncated incorrect DOUBLE value: '4123F ' I am surprised because when I do a select I get the expected results.
I think most pet stores seem to price-gouge on their products and I seem to find very much similar products at Walmart for cheaper.\n\nThe birds, rabbits, hamsters, and other rodents are more \""hands on\"" than the other stores, meaning they're not stuck behind plexiglass and are given more of an open air venue.
Getting list of states/events from a model that AASM I successfully integrated the most recent AASM gem into an application, using it for the creation of a wizard.
If you can ignore the interior (which smells like tobacco pipe smoke and is a little run down), the restaurant owner's crazy friends, crazy Ethiopian tv shows, and the location, you'll be in for a treat.
\n\nWe started in the bar area, which was pretty crowded.
It is beyond creamy goodness.\nI have to say, you can also get your Pecorino Romano here as well as your PARMIGIANO-REGGIANO \nOh did I mention the full Italian Deli??
Here is a simplified example of the kind of objects i am dealing with: Quite simple, the first thought was to create a compare functions like this: but then i thought the chances of this returning true are quite high.
There must be a nicer solution, but this is the one that quickly popped into mind: Disgusting, but works (if I understood what you needed correctly).
The main problem I'm having is actually connecting to the server itself.
We don't live anywhere close to this place, and will drive 45+ minutes for their food and ambience.
Use which will allow you to keep the code precise.
You should reorder your calls like this: I hope this help you!
After a little research I have decided that one method would be to implement my model as a singleton so that I can access it as a shared instance from any of my controllers.
I have not found anything yet about that problem on the web.
I know the event numbers are mostly meaningless in this context, but for illustration, here's the different event lists for non-password field: and for password field: Unfortunately this is the best my info gets at the moment, since my C skills are quite rusty.
Thankfully, it was also the only time that maki made any sort of an appearance at the table.
Clojure newbie struggling with protocols I am attempting to build out the concept of a Cursor in clojurescript, backed by an atom.
There could be many characteristics of this document, and it could be a hierarchy.
Instead, I was hoping to simply move the x and y axes away from the plot area, like I have done here: left: MATLAB generated, right: desired (image editing software) Is there a way to automatically do this in MATLAB?
Paypal vs braintree for user to user payments I need a solution that allows UserA to make a payment to UserB.
I have had every colour, cut and style and then some.
Specifically if is the real HTML.
Everyone recommends the Four-Dip sauce, which is pretty good.
I used this reference to implement DataTables with row details in MVC 4 using the Razor engine (I initially wanted to pass JSON, but found another approach that provides the functionality that I was looking for and felt along the lines of what I usually do in MVC).
and there's even darts upstairs, too.\nd's is definitely worth checking out and if you've never seen the 6-pack \""cave\"", at least take a browse, buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you.
Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.
Hope it helps, it worked for me!
Go to the food court at the mall and spend $7 for some crap instead.
Their Antipasto table is always delicious with seasonal additions.
I also tried to look for a Firefox Wrapper for .Net with no luck.
I have read a few books and forums regarding exceptions but just can't grasp how to best resolve this scenario.
They immediately switched our room, in fact they upgraded us to a much larger king room.
The easiest way to do this is to copy the directory to wherever it is you want your solr home container to be.
each tweet has been labeled with 1 out of 4 labels (Health, Music, Sport and Technology) when I tried using the pickle trained classifier in new tweets for testing, it return only 1 out of 4 labels to all of new tweets.
Unit tests only fail when run by maven I'm currently facing the problem that my unit tests are passing when run by eclipse but failing when run by maven.
With the QuElFinder, the route to the connector is so in your view, the code will be: Also, you should go to and check everything under because as you can see in the QuElFinder controller, in the function, it is reading that configuration, and there is a lot of paths.
In logs it tells that it is failed to load ad.
Note that whitespace is important in bash!
LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well.
Or do I have to change everything and make a file for each function?
How do I count the number of elements in each group?
Wrap Layout might be what you are looking for.
I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips.
My friend and I cleaned our plates and he came over with a sad expression and said, \""you guys didn't like it!
I've had at least 5 events with parties of 20+ people (sometimes even last minute) and they don't bat an eye.
Kristen Ehmann welcomed us from the start.
If so, use the merge strategy , which will create a merge commit without incorporating any of the changes from the other branch and thus effectively "close" the other branch.
Happy camper would describe us both, oh yeah, full would also work.\n\nStarted with the calamari just to see if it would be better than Del Frisco's.
Is it appropriate that I read Id from FirtTable (Actually it's base class) and put it into Widget table?
I'm going to say it does.\n\nWe had a place somewhat like this in my hometown, but it was not nearly as massive or as interesting as Construction Junction.
The problem is that It's very brute code, becuase It can produce memory leak, bugs and of course, the palayzation of the app...
This script should download several files used for ilsvrc (sub set of imagenet used for the large scale image recognition challenge) training.
Yes, a class like is sufficient to store a geographical location.
Could any senior help me to do some correction or debug.
Tender meat and lots of mushrooms and onions.
I have tried everything I can possibly think of and read every article and other question and can't figure it out.
this is how i insert or update: the code:
You can make a profile and add your mailing address so that anyone who ever send a you a package via UPS an automatic email is sent to your email with a tracking number and delivery confirmation.
I would like to avoid this if at all possible because it will mean spending a couple hours rewriting some code and messing with tests.
I want my relation to match either of the columns.
Sweet little shop - great place to take the kiddos, and nice to see a huge selection of hand dipped cones and it's a nice departure from the yogurt bars.
Just moved here and to be totally honest I think the food here is so plain.
the element is at the top of the list but is not the selected element.
\n\nNow, this was my virgin visit to Madison at Halloween time so I wasn't quite sure what to expect, though I can't say I wasn't warned.
I am receiving some json from a web service.
\n- Roasted garlic: loved the cloves sitting on the table.
A byte is a signed value held in 8 bits and may be in the range -128 to 127.
They brought boxes and we waited about 15 minutes after that for the check.
The people there have been consistently nice even when I went in the first time and didn't know how to work the grinder because I'm a jagoff.
I have tried reading the documentation and reading tutorials but no one thoroughly explains path and sources as well as how to make a collections and so.
No matter how you turn this it is hardly going to work.
Fast shuttle to take you to the airport.
In your case I'm assuming that there's a action something like And you have a corresponding view where you have created a form like this Now, as you know the object that you are passing in method is defined in action.
This is not in the best of neighborhoods but a friendly smile goes a long way.
They had lots of specials going on that night (Friday night fish!), and we started with pepperjack cheese curds.
At some point Kurt might decide to give the layout a makeover which would break the script.
Beer always hits the spot for me.
all columns will be equally wide even if their contents could fit better in other arrangements.
Yes.\n\nGracias a dios que hay una restaurante semiautentico en Champaign!\n\nI wasn't disappointed by my delicious Milanesa torta, and the staff was friendly and helpful, they didn't mind our loudness, and they had real Mexican coke.\n\nOnly offering Manzana Lift would make things better.
For me, " business logic " makes up all the entities that represent data applicable to the problem domain, as well as the logic that decides on "what do do with the data"..
Hands down this is the best tasting soul food restaurant we've eaten at yet.
Leaving I had to again push my way through the door, the rudest people ever.
unexpected result from regular expression of url I am trying to match one part in a url.
then substituting "n" in above formula i.e., 0.694n for F1 is approximately 1, F2 is approximately 2 bits, but for F3 and so on above formula fails.
how to add text in svg object inside javascript How can I add a text node inside javascript svg object .
The beignets and eggs benedict are killerrrr.
Client sends some commands to the server and server gives back the output to the client.
Nice to know they actually like their customers!
Here is my code, passed as array through PHP: I have currently a fix, as you probably can see in the code block: These two lines make sure that if user select 5 time slots, to set the end time 1 hour (3600 seconds) after the start time, and not 5 hours later, but I'm not satisfied with this solution since I don't find it clean, and I don't like that feature is still available.
Perfect for me and my omnivore hubby.
I just started at a new company and there are alot of Web Designers here (never worked with Web Designers before).
Bear with it, he's totally worth it.
Well worth it once you get in.
The carts are well maintained and very very fast.
The problem was with my properties.
Potato Cakes are hard to rate, I've had them in Brit Pubs, Irish Pubs and German Restaurants, these were very good, maybe 4.85 stars or better and they were served with sour cream and balsamic.
If I had one suggestion, it would be to get new plastic menu covers or new menus period--could get the advertisers to chip in for them.
In my project I have two models, and : So in my treatment form the user can also choose the category (around 4 categories): So my question is, can I make the validation of the model dependent on the selected categories in the form?
Right when I walked in I saw an array of freshly prepared vegetables that were on a table in the kitchen area.
I prefer the director's circle above so you don't have to dodge a head in front of you.
Overall, I give it four out of five.
Tradition or not, I know people who refuse to go based on the decor.
The corn is puuuure buttery goodness.
To suppress this warning just to this: Now you are printing the output of the method, means the output is used now!
Is there JAVA API to implement it?
Thank you // Updated // Output results:
Who knew french fries came on salads?
Can you share the actual message that you're sending?
The three things I wanted have were: Chunking (js &amp; scss) SCSS compiling Tree Shaking Webpack seemed to be a good choice for being able to do these things.
CentOS Apache2 -- All files forbidden This might be a bad place to post this, and I know sooooo many people have asked about it, but I've looked a lot of different places and I just can't figure it out.
Cornbread is very light and tasty.
She went above and beyond what was required.
And as Samuel Reid pointed out, a hover function is what you need.
Or do I have to create another function that will fire on close?
The calzones are tasty, but may cause a coronary-- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone, you'll be disappointed.
\n\nEntrees varied and all were pretty good!
Sometimes the installations are really awe-inspiring (in my experience about 75% of the time); sometimes not so much.
Here are a few that our team has learned through the school of hard knocks: Try to combine data entities together into a single, large structure/object to send over DBus IPC.
This is the kind of place that brings back memories of diners I would go to as a kid with my grandparents.
(only solution I see now is to fetch the HTML myself, remove the DIV and send it to the WebView)
It was so good that even as full as I had become, I couldn't stop eating until it was almost gone.
A broad, customizable menu with a solid mix of Italian and Greek deliciousness.
Just instead of putting scene to stage you return it.
I have one table that stores a list of spare parts.
Okay I thought it all over..
Seems like a neighborhood bar where everyone knew each other.
If you want to take pictures, bring a camera with a zoom lens (I couldn't get close enough for my iPhone pictures to be very good).
Is it possible to change mouse cursor when handling drag (from DragOver event)?
If you're looking for something different you try the jalapeno cream cheese.
The only reason I gave it four stars is because I don't go there so I felt like giving it 5 would've been a bit unfair.
I think the code below should work byt it is not.
It's hard to find good Indian food in Pittsburgh.
I have found staff to be pretty friendly all around.
The class and ambience of Cutters are unmatched.
How to get current logged in user details in Twitter using API I'm using Socialite to login using twitter and using Abrahams' TwitterOauth to make API working.
The issue is that the code can't read the second member (car[i].model) in the array and the third one (car[i].price), only the first one (car[i].manufacturer).
This will start loading the Jersey implementation and its components.
John, the accordion player was celebrating his birthday also.
I've only ever changed planes at CLT, but this is as good an airport as any to spend time between flights.
You can do this in this way.
Right next door was the ice cream sundae stand where you could get your dessert in a mini baseball batting hemet.
\n\nWhile Courtney was not as chatty as I prefer (what can I say, I like to dish...I want some witty banter in return!), she helped me pick a fabulous color toner and gave me the exact cut that I wanted.
What you are talking about sounds like you want a thread to sleep for 30 seconds and then execute a script in the background.
so I added a folder /source/support to fit my structure and add .sdocml files there....
Export the certificate, follow directions accept default settings.
\n\nLove taking the family there for weekend breakfast.
Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.
They are never shorthanded.\n\nThe bagels themselves are unmatched in the local market and in the Bruegger's chain overall.
The front desk clerk was very personable, friendly and accomodating.
After that they refresh alright it seems.
D's is a great dive bar in Regent Square.
For my meal, I ordered the getaway signature wrap (romaine lettuce, tomatoes, walnuts, diced chicken, mandarin oranges and feta cheese, drizzled with balsamic dressing).
By a lot usually once a week.
Really amazing flavors between the bacon, scallops and the pumpkin.
So the rules are persistent between calls.
Nice clean airport from what I could see.
This will happen more often with invasive / very large changes, not like your question scenario.
Another way to solve such problems, but it requires more background of your need, is to split your data into several site collections, one for each customer.
I've had a bunch of different types (salt, everything, sesame) and they were all delicious.
Here's the simplest solution: Assuming that you installed some up-to-date version of Perl and it is already in PATH, simply go to where GIT executables are is, which is normally and rename to .
I believe this is a family owned place (husband/wife), as I have been going since I was 17 (I'm 24 now) and the wife has always been the waitress and is sometimes pregnant and sometimes not!
Where else in Pittsburgh can you go at 2 AM and get some comfort food (or something to sober you up)?
Don't expect to get your food on the fly.
They also have super capacity (50 lb.) dryers, which was very handy.
I am using ipython for troubleshooting but get the same error when running with Thanks for looking into it.
The kids had their Chicken tenders (?) which was not on the regular menu but the waitress arranged it.
Things start with fresh bread, a small dish of olives and the Holy oil....better love garlic!\n\nAppetizer....a tasty softball-sized meatball with mozzarella in a nicely spiced red sauce.
It holds all sorts of miscellaneous food stuffs that I am always dying to try.
Let's say that you have a proxy server on your local server running at port 8181.
But really, it's abou the cheese.\n\nI love me some fresh cheese curds, and I have yet to be let down here.
However, I strongly advice you to keep a backup of your original file.
Although, for what you're trying to achieve (I could be wrong) would be better suited for an enumerated value, which is (basically) a way of defining your own primitive, switchable, variable type.
\n\nLocated in some cool neighborhood that I have no idea where in Charlotte is a really great bar with a very laid back atmosphere and genuine customers.
This is a review of the Grilled Angus Burger only.
I want to try the \""Monster Fish Sandwich\"" which is supposedly Moby Dick sized (eat it before it eats you!) But if you're looking for a high end experience with classy atmosphere, this isn't the place.
At least in the way of making a carefully crafted unique martini or cocktail.
If your branch consists of many small commits adding up to one large change, you might be able to effect this by pushing the commits up in stages.
and I really need that after one week of my illness :(\nMahalo, Monty!
Flash app is used to edit some data and save to DB on server side (MVC5) so it must be safe and allowed only for certain authenticated user.
You HAVE to try the virtual bowling game!
Localization can be made quite simple in .NET or as complex as you like.
\nThe service is always so friendly and outgoing!!\nLove all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment!
I will tell you this is not my first rusty nail rodeo and lord willing it will not be my last.
Clsoe to 3 river point park and my hotel.\nThis restaurant is something one must do when in town.
Just had a booth at the Quilt Show this past weekend.
Authenticate with LinkedIn api using javascript issues Using the Linkedin Tutorial, I'm trying to login to LinkedIn using Javascript.
The only properties you can control for search affordance in the fragment title are: visibility and color.
I see Mad Mex as more Cali Mex with the accent being on fresh ingredients, healthy cooking, and excellent service.
This allows one to write surprising code, to newcomers anyway.
I think Ive been here three times since moving to PGH, \n\nFav dogs: Chihuahua , Brat, and Chicago style dog.
This is a great date spot with lots of hip young foot traffic.
There's a lot of mathy stuff involved -- most of which I don't remember how to do -- but the result at the bottom of sums it up fairly well (blob detection is done by converting the input image to a series of binary images): The ratio gives us some idea of how rounded the object is.
When I was clicking the full screen of the video something was wrong with the z-indexes.
Seems like the truly scuzzy clientele that someone 3 years ago mentioned have been evaporated to cheaper Dormont bars.
To give an example this is the source code of a simple converter application I made.
I would never go to another garage in Pittsburgh.
Since 2001 I have been in a Lexus and as far as customer service, sales and just overall experience has met and really have been above my expectations.
Python module installed 2.7 absent in 3.4, Mac Mavericks I searched, but could not find this same issue answered elsewhere.
Replaced with just Instead of it should be - because is a reference to the Posted working copy of the code here: <a href="
So if you order antipasto or insalata, an entree, and dolce you can rack up a big bill.
My friend had the sesame ice cream with salted caramel.
Sandwiches don't come with anything but a pickle, so you have to order fries on the side if you want.
Also, I'm unconvinced it's your problem but, you shouldn't need the and sections of code.
Is there an appropriate way to inject a service into singleton?
Now you just have to create aforementioned , e.g.
My hair is long, thick, and curly.
(The getCollection method returns the list) I then iterate through my ArrayList and get the at the i'th index and get its corresponding .
If you have a reasonable amount of data, you can use a MySQL trick: Note: this is limited by the maximum intermediate size for .
They use a system simmlar to OpenID
And here is a good Youtube video depicting the procedure .
The instructors are almost all young ladies who stay in the water with your child, taking through their paces.\n\nA very sweet bunch, all neatly groomed and personable.
The downtown one is too brightly lit, takes longer to get your food since it holds more people, and doesn't have the same staff or service)
I love hoagies, and this place has some of the best I've ever had!\n\nSaw them on a Rick Sebak doc and of course had to check it out.
You can simply do this: Result: Fiddle Demo
I've had a lot of Italian food, and tried gnocchi a few times.
Oh, and super fantastic wine list, too!
I stayed at the Westin (3 nights/4 days), during a recent business trip to Charlotte and have nothing but great things to say about this location!\n\nThe interior/lobby is very nice (modern/relaxing).
Embedded Jetty handles each message twice I'm trying to use Jetty in the simplest way possible.
There is also a new control bus component in camel 2.11 which could do what you want ( source )
I have been thinking about my daughters 'Coming of Age' party since she was five (5) and I went into the planning stages of this event early in 2009.
The status of the webcam.swf when the device is online is 304 - so it seems that it is loaded from cache, which is fine.
I would have to be able to do something like:
Given your requirements, this block looks wrong to me: You're incrementing a counter, but you're not creating a sum of odd numbers.
However if I use "dichiarazione" it doesnt with PHP while it does with MySQL.
Here are some tips to make your visit to Discovery more pleasant:\n\nGo early morning to avoid the crowds.
we need to mention SMTP host and SMTP port in php.ini file.
3) When initializing the 2d vector, would pushback work to be able to increase the size as you insert each element?
It bothered me that I had to pay $15, however, to use the gym.
Looks a little dingy but that's the charm.
Read the documentation, log4net is very configurable and well documented.
For instance if you have a regression test for a past bug, then unless you change the public interface under test, don't touch that test code.
Conditional Validations Was going to suggest you use some sort of conditional validations , as follows (then I read the comments): This is the best I can provide for your particular situation - I've not created a signup / authentication procedure myself (always relied on other classes), so if you wanted to use etc - I'll have to update my answer to help
How can I extract non-standard HTTP headers using Perl's LWP?
Please, check - Otherwise you will risk having code running with the 2.7 Python but trying to load python 2.6 modules and libraries, and worse scenarios still.
The three tennis ball-sized scallops had a LOT of flavor to them and the fingerling potatoes on the side were tasty, too.
The method ColumnMappings.Add accepts four different ways to map your columns.
I did not have a football team growing up and it took me a while to find the right one.
The issue I am having is trying to iterate over the array of commands defined at compile time.
\n\nThe experience started off a little rocky, but at every progression of the meal, the experience got better and better.
Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good!
Pancakes are good, but are really sweet like a donut.
Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale.
Also, this command is working with other file extensions in both directories but not in this directory.
makes the Handler think it is connected, but cannot receive or send messages.
We use and because and are reserved words in Ruby, can use them because it is implemented in C.
Very well kept and entertaining airport....
My boyfriend ordered the Reuben with Cajun fries.they have several other menu items that looked good: a salmon blt, crab cake sandwich, turkey club on focaccia, and many burgers that are very good from what my boyfriend says.
The brown and amber were decent, but bland.
I was doing fine on my \""timing\"" until the the noodles & veggies came.
you can do null check for &amp; try it to put somewhere in code where you have an input for editext
the staff is friendly and take out is prepared correctly and quickly.
The second visit I went with a lunch item and ordered chicken fried steak, also great and the portions were easily enough for two people.
I am not sure what authenticating against an SSH server implies, but you may want to have a look at the OpenSSH project.
I hope it will help you.
But I couldn't stop tasting the sauce.
I am using Apache POI Api to getting values from an Excel file.
Edit: Doing some brute force I was able to push the file at last on my 7th or 8th trial but I'm still curious about the question.
Since we've seen the place before, we chose to sit upstairs.
By forcing one single statement to cover both cases you are cutting the optimizer options.
Mark and the folks at Tatman's turned what could have been a major hassle into a minor inconvenience.
It is the same result for both.
You know, go to high-end fancy shmancy places?
It is divided into appetizers, mid courses, salads, cheese courses, entrees, and specials.
We order two orders of Samosas, naan, parantha, chicken mougali, and palak paneer.
\n\nAlmost everything made here is done so from scratch.
She even patched up a little hole for me!
i'm truly scared to eat them.\n\nN - JOY!
Never have I been asked before if I were allergic to onions.
I was very happy and reallllly full by the end of the night.
The service was excellent, even during the busy lunch rush.
One of my favorites at any Thai place.
So I would say, go for the atmosphere and the cosmo but not for much more.
So you would have to track the events yourself.
However, let's say I first highlight the UITextField on the Cell with IndexPath.row = 11.
(You would most likely wrap this script within $(document).ready) Since your transitioning backgrounds, you may not want the previous background immediately removed, so you can use a delay call to remove it after the transition would complete.
If you can accept several formats then you'll need to call each in turn until you find the one that matches - which I assume is what you mean by "the tedious approach".
But if you're actually already using JSF 2.x (in future JSF 2.x questions please mention and tag accordingly), then you're probably using a servletcontainer which doesn't ship with JSTL included, such as Apache Tomcat.
I think this is what you are after:
\n\nMy second visit was to get my car inspected.
Check-in was extremely smooth and quick.
I really appreciate all that helped me at the hotel to make this event special!
I am in total adoration of this place.
I don't think I needed to eat again that day.
The selection is amazing, and the staff could not be more helpful.
And you should avoid use variable like and , which is confusing.
It is possible that the random garbage pointer could coincidentally be a value that points into an allocated address range in your process.
I generally do this at work using "real" versions of VS, but when trying to get it to work on my personal projects (using VS 2008 Express) it tells me "There is no source code available for the current location." and refuses to give me anything other than a disassembly window.
The pork underneath was flavorful and tender - a bit salty, but at least it wasn't bland!
In I added: In I added: In I added: and the Button click function is: Now when I used this method I dynamically create a , but only one.
However, using that works only partly, as the last page is not expired.
Of course, none of us even had room for an additional serving.
This problem ONLY occurs for links that include the - the link works like a charm.
Seen Book of Mormon here !!!
I almost thought about ordering it before he brought it up.
A family w kids sat at the tatami table across from us and it was a bitch to get out of the tatami table while wearing a maxi dress without flashing everyone.
No, the Activity will not remain on the stack, but its entry will be shown in the recent task list, you can click on that entry to re-launch this Activity just as you re-launch your application.
The center itself is pretty breathtaking with wood planks holding up the building and a great view of the city through it's long windows.
This is some of the best Chinese delivery I've ever had, and I've gotten delivery in Soho, NYC before!
This is hands down the best gym in Charlotte (sans the parking lot, of course!).
I like CLT for a \""bigger\"" airport.
The readme paragraph Some people will need to ues phpFlickr from behind a proxy server.
I can't say that the service is typically like this, but we had a waitress in-service who was still learning and IMO, a bit overwhelmed.
How can I control the construction order?
After a hard work out and swim at the ARC, there's nothing like a zorbas's gyro and their iced tea.
Split the pork BBQ plate w/collards & yams with a friend who got the salmon cakes.
That all sounds fine - though I'd opt for something more granular: something that would allow access to other people's records on an access-control-list basis, but that's more complicated.
Similar questions have been asked before:
It is their signature pizza, cant go wrong.
During that time Common Ground has evolved into a true force to be reckoned with--enough to convert even the most avid lover of the national brands.
Throw your code into the preprocessor to see what it is on your system: Gdb doesn't know about preprocessor defines, so it can't know how your code got preprocessed.
\n\nI ordered the wedding soup and the Spinach Gnocchi with a Crown and Diet Coke- I needed a drink after driving the hot wheels track known as Downtown Pittsburgh - I think my GPS needed a drink too ;-)...\n\nMy wedding soup arrived and I felt it was a littel under seasoned but that is something I can definitely add - no dings here.\n\nThe Gnocchi arrived and it was quite tasty.
I can't make a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi's.
They pick up the phone when you call and they have answers to questions!
Core Code sets (FOO) NSURLProtocol #1 gets (FOO) and handles the COMM itself --- no issue NSURLProtocol #2 doesn't access (FOO) and hands of the COMM to a SESSION -- shows the error above Commenting out the Core Code that sets the (FOO) property solves the problem for NSURLProtocol #2.
What is the easiest way without engaging python/perl?
This was all a girl could ask for on a cheat day.\n\nI had Vicki's Italian Jumbot but with Guy Fieri's twist on it, making it a little more spicy.
They have great sandwiches and bowls that are enjoyable, The pies are usually fantastic!
That's basically all about the way vectorized approach stated earlier would work.
The app is using Android SDK 8...
Scale that vector by some reasonable amount (to prevent the character from being pushed away dramatically).
I don't know many places that put Italian dressing and mayo on steak and cheeses, but I like the combo.
This has the same problem as your first answer.
Wonderful and attentive service, nice atmosphere, and large portions of tasty food.
Especially the HTTP response headers with the Line break (in both client and server side).
I could not wait to get my hands on this giant sammich of all sammiches.
The buns, the all beef dog with that welcome \""snap\"" when you bite it...yum.
The food & the staff have gone through some changes, some good & some bad.
\n\nThe hotel has a small convenience area in case you don't want to go out for food.
I'm pretty sure I also ate my weight in peanuts and popcorn.\n\nI don't necessarily know that Park House will enter in my regular rotation, but I will absolutely join my friend in support of his quest for the mug.
A occupying most of the screen, and a at the bottom containing the and a to the right.
Here is the PL/SQL package declaration of the example procedure I am trying to use.
I don't know how it happens, but my connections through this airport are almost always at opposite ends of the place.
the Domain layer with a createBill(String title) method which would generate a unique Serial Number ?
Maybe the easiest way is by zipping up the project, then extracting over top.
Good pizza (not like Pizza Hut, more like home-made) with a great bar with nice, friendly service.
So, is there any other way other than jQuery methods like css() and prop() to get value of a css property?
:D\n\nLuckily, I've never had any major power outages, even when nasty storms rage during the spring & summer months.
Everything seen fine but if my folder is exist it throw exception.
I thought to assign each set of photos an anchor (#) tag, and have the page scroll to the next tag.
(your li1 and li2 are fine) Oh, and as long as you're not using anything starting with $, you cannot conflict with jQuery.
Charlotte is usually my layover in transit when I cannot have a straight flight.
I do it up real nice by getting that black n blue topping which is blue cheese and cajun seasoning.
Also I did think that the menu online was a little misleading as I thought that there would have been more pasta options on the particular night I was there.
I used this setting: Perhaps your regexps don't match your group names?
Now that is some good service.
I would come back next time in town to try other menu items.
If you have any text watcher example then please tell me.
The macros , , and are not part of the default MathJax TeX macros and are not defined in your inline configuration, which is why the rendering in the image has them marked in red.
It reads garbage information and tries to store it into paInventory[21], but the array was only 21 in size.
It starts with a well-stocked bar area, nicely lit and very comfortable.
This place is close by me, so delivery is always super fast.
It's in a cool neighborhood too.
A huge favorite place in my book!!!
No hole and they got the nail out of my tire.
There's a Shop n Save a block from my house, so I buy most of my food there.\n\nOne thing about Whole Foods is they specialize in fresh fruits and vegetables.
Someone needs to remove those, ASAP.\n\nService here has been mixed, 85% of the time waiters have been quick, polite, and right on.
Instead, it has a constructor that receives the implementation of the interface as a parameter.
Quintessential diner complete with in-booth mini-jukeboxes, waitresses in diner aprons and cheap, good, simple food.\n\nGo early, go late, go REAL late - it's ALWAYS open.\n\nLocated on the borders of Shadyside, South Oakland, Friendship and Bloomfield it serves the likes of college students as well as the eldery.\n\nUsed to live around the corner from it and went weekly.
I have 1 class and 1 bean: and .
As a quick example, these points will have randomly specified rgb colors:
I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.
Find the phrase Dynamic Extensions, and add: And finally, restart Apache:
I especially like the lobster mac and cheese.
But linking to the Apple preferences app has been deleted.
I am so glad I found him!
I come here every time I'm in Pittsburgh and always have a great time so I'm kind of confused as to why others say otherwise.
Accommodating and the staff was awesome\nI had an incident yesterday.
I wish I could have it every single day.
BUT what if i want to make it so when a user input a string that is not a number(alphabetic, punctuation, etc.) it also returns this "invalid" message?
It is a hole in the wall without man tables.
Consistency is also a huge plus, you can always count on leaving full without eating crap!\nStaff is always helpful, and friendly, which is hard to find at \""quick food\"" places.
I'd say this place is on par with Azteca on Woodlawn, if you need a comparison.\n\nDaily specials are your standard fare-- one day has cheap Corona, another cheap margaritas, for example.\n\nIf you are in the area, definitely give it a try.
And then it produces a new window with title __ OUTLINE __ where 2 empty lines are showing up.
It might've been the decor, but it was mostly the \""bird food\"" fare.
Here's a sample of the service, in vb.
How to count consecutive row where one column have a specific value in SQL Server?
objects have a method to retrieve the content of the message as a plain string.
Annie started with the wedding soup which was okay, but not memorable.
We took my grandmother here for her 82nd birthday and had such a good time.
This actually returns a list that is reasonably representative of the main places a tourist might want to see.
My application is location based app and I need to simulate the current location but with AppCode I could not seem to find that option.
Recently discovered this place and have come to really enjoy it.
But house keeping, gardening, and the fix it guys are always respectful, friendly, and are highly knowledgeable.
How about using [count] to count the occurrences of an item in the list?
The Ant build for this project creates and deletes directories inside the directory, which is an "admin" directory in Windows 7 land.
But I still end up with just as many (if not more) model classes with attributes as I have for the DAL.
Maybe you'll see the old penny scale or the phone booths.
The employees were very nice and provided some good insight on what to see and visit.\n\nThe Caps were good, the vibe was great and it is in the heart of the Strip District.
I devised a solution that is simple however perhaps not very efficient.
If there was programmatic access to the home screen, what happened to the Windows quick launch, desktop, favorites menu (in older versions of IE), and older pin area of the start menu (the very top of it in Win 95/98).
We have acheived best accuracy using stopwords filtering with tweets collected on negwords.txt and poswords.txt GATE - GATE is over 15 years old and is in active use for all types of computational task involving human language.
I don't know if they still have open mic nights, but back when I was coming regularly Mondays were open mic, a lot of fun.
I would guess that you are using experience (or some pre-written code) from a language like C++ or Java.
This is the best Indian food you'll find in Urbana-Champaign.
Is there a way of creating a ClientAbortException Listener to terminate any Abandoned Connection Clean Up or unused http threads and delete any byte data used for incomplete downloaded images.
Aside from that the food is pretty good and the atmosphere is your typical downtown crowd.
Ritter's Diner is open 24/7 and whatever is on the menu can be ordered any time of day.
Start Then extend that to what you mean by 'above' and 'below' for triangles squares, rectangles, circles.
Assuming that is a primary key (or just unique field) simple should help.
I'm too have same issue and all developers have it.
It went on until late at night (4 am)\nI felt unsafe and not comfortable calling security.
This is my go-to place after a Pirate game to wait out the traffic.
I coveted a pair of gold shoes they had over Christmas ($135!) and managed to save enough to buy them....totally worth it!!
The area surrounding the restaurant does not seem to be the safest locale, but worth going there for a wonderful dinner.
\n\nI ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree, and was pleased with it.
After hearing that this place was the bees knees from many friends and reviews, I decided to take a small group of friends and give it the test.
At the end of the method, you can call `[self.navigationController presentViewController: newPersonVC]; This may be possible in a storyboard, but I have always found it easier to do in code.
It will always be a standby.
I also believe it's region bias but did you tried comparing name and address of the result?
White rocking chairs where one can recharge the feet as well as technology.
These have got to be, by far, the most cramped seats I've ever encountered, Boston, MA and NYC included.
Like other reviewers have said, this place is very basic but the service is fast and friendly and the food was amazing.
The prices are a little beyond making it a regular spot (even with a coupon) but it's perfect for a memorable date night.
I thought I had it with this: but it keeps coming up with this error: Index -1 does not have a value.
Well, yes it is strange to this jedi, but Beto's knows what they are doing!
If it's a special event, such as a birthday, etc.
I dig the melting pot, i mean, its fun.
Problem is that when computer, where server is running, goes to sleep (simulating lost connection), SocketIo needs sometimes more than a minute to detect that connection is lost, and emit disconnect event.
Apparently, DbContext implements IObjectContextAdapter which in-turn exposes the ObjectContext.
The only bad thing I can say is that the calamari rings need more sauce and more spice.\n\nThe greens and feta on flat bread was delicious but the flat bread is plain, limp and superfluous.\n\nThe burgers are large and covered in goodness.\nI asked for bacon instead of ham and I was rewarded with a fistful of mana atop my hand formed patty.
My money would go on that as your problem.
I followed the support link you provided, which states the following: With SAS® 9.3, the following message occurs in your SAS log when you use aliases for the value of SMTP MAIL FROM:email address and your SMTP server does not support aliases.
An example of the commands I'm using would be the following: How can I approach this in a way that I can wait for a certain output?
However, gitlab is still accessible over server's ip address.
Quiet Storm truly is a wonderful neighborhood gem.
Overall, great restaurant, but a little on the pricier side.
c)Use a simple select statement as the data source for the DataGrid.
Drive your car around and they'll load ya up.
They know these cars in and out and won't sell you something you don't need.
\n\nMy ABSOLUTE favorite thing about the gym is the slackline.
Change the hyperlink filename for three links and test it, once again.
Finding out which button was pressed I´ve got a two dimensional Array (Matrix) with the Dimension 50x50.
I have another developer working on code for me, and part of the app has a Google map view.
I like the rocking chairs and free wifi as well as the live piano player they sometimes have by the sushi bar.
Update: Thanks for the responses - plenty of good ideas all around.
It is a huge store and is really well-organized so you can find what you are looking for pretty quickly.
sudo /Library/Application\ Support/Symform/scripts/uninstall To completely remove all aspects of the Symform software, configuration, and logs, a purging operation is available as well.
Or it created when getbean() call?
(old answer) To access all related Events from a Member instance, use .
So it looks \""questionable,\"" but let me assure you that they do serve food here.\n\nWe normally go on Wednesdays (um hum, today) for the cheeseburger lunch special...
It sounds like a good idea in terms of backwards compatibility, but I wanted to know if there are any drawbacks to doing this.
The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.
here you can see how you drop database from phpmyadmin
Kid friendly too, if that's important to you.
But if I access this same php file throught a IIS 7.0 website, I got nothing and no error.
In the second view, there are 3 rows, row 1 has 3 buttons, row 2 has a image and row 3 has 3 buttons.
The hubby and I have an adequate amount of discretionary income, yet browsing here makes me feel like I live below the poverty line.
After a long tracing into the code and data, I found the obstacle which somehow bugging me out.
I love it when waitstaff have just the right amount of crabby/fussy/humor, and this was a prime example.
Can anyone explain what this setting means, and what it does?
So, how do I iterate over a formset?
They also had a good selection of Irish whiskey.
The days of SQL calls are over (thank god).
Something like this: Now, deleting the question records will also delete the referenced answer records.
fill DB with the results, which you will feed with the results taken from the completionServiceInstance.
The property is very beautiful...\nWe waited a few minutes and signed in....surprising it was discount day!
Most are available online too, so no worrying if you can find the coupon section from last month's Sunday paper.\n\nI don't find their prices that outrageous compared to other stores in the area for the things I shop for.
Grails - How to check, if a link is pointed to correct location using Geb?
The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.
I have tried googling but cant find anything relevant.
Tuna Tataki: This was slices of Ahi Tuna slightly seared from the outside and rare in the inside.
would only ever be used as an audit trail, users would not generally see previous versions, and the would be excluded completely from most queries.
As the previous folks have said, Dunnings is really nothing special, in terms of what most people percieve as a special dining experience.
Delicious food and reasonably priced, especially if you go during there happy hours!
She didn't take forever to blow dry my hair because she knew what she was doing.
Some of my favorites are The Metamorphosis (no longer on menu, but I think you can still get it), Offer You Can't Refuse, The Dirty Pickle, La Pinta and Beauty Mark...They also have a nice selection of Sake, which is rare in Pittsburgh, however is is expensive to buy here.
Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal.
The bowl that they served it in was hotter than the soup.
When posting questions in future, it really helps to include the error message.
In ICEfaces for controls that has disabled property use: Example I used this in my code:
The homemade rolls are heavy and very good.
As a vegetarian, there were no no-dairy options.
If you're weary, just ask someone if they're fresh.
Does Microsoft actually expect developers to scavenge the file from somewhere?..
Dorn understood, and never made me feel silly about being anxious about them.
How can I solve the problem?
Have a look at the service account documentation here: The first step would be to go back to the developer console and generate a p12 key.
Their food is much more modern and inventive than what you see at most Italian themed places.
That all being said, you should be looking at using a version control system such as CVS or subversion for example.
For example: Disable /proc/sys/kernel/randomize_va_space before building:
How can I start/stop a stop watch with only the spacebar?
One of the messages is coming in as Name / Value pairs.
Sql Server Insert Into table with values stored proc output with other values Say there is a table and stored proc where it takes an input and has an output parameter called @description.
It automatically moves components to the next line when a line is full.
I'm not crazy about football but it's a nice stadium and fun to come with other people.
That is why it is duplicating.
So we rallied and had one of the best dining experiences of our lives.\n\nThe service was friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.
This is definitely a must for anyone from Charlotte or visiting Charlotte.
The IPA I had was really good (but just a tad warm).
In the form I have a radio button choice field with all available permissions.
I got the Orrechiette chicken pasta and BF got the filet mignon.
How can i define regular expression for this?
\n\nThe reason I'm a fan of this location is that it seems to carry a huge variety of sizes and lengths!
Open CMD, If you are in 32 bit OS, Run : If you are in 64 bit OS, Run :
you can use a tool like process monitor to see what gets written to the registry when you run regasm.
If I were to come for a personal trip, I would probably still stay here if the price is reasonable.
But the service was nice, and the food is great.
\n\nWe finished with the apple strudel and ice cream.
We stopped at the bakery in Madison and was impressed at their selection.
PS: Once I get processed end of in each part I get **** a unique value and retain it as it during concatenation.
I initially attempted to perform the regression using the biglm and ff packages for R as follows on a Linux machine with 8 Gb of memory; however, it seems that this requires too much memory because R complains about having to allocate a vector of a size greater than the maximum on my machine.
If the commit is part of an unmerged pull request, a link will be shown .
So I have a php function to check banned user.
JDBC GUI login, textfield to local string variable I have a TextField for a username named and a PasswordTextField named .
When a user log-out from either Customer or Admin area, is called and it removes session in both Customer and Admin area which I don't want to happen Question : Can I abandon session on log-out without affecting other area's session ?
Also want to try the Snow Moon Belgian.\n\nVerdict: While I was not too impressed with the dark beers, I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers.
Changing a label in Qt I'm trying to make a simple program consisting of a button and a label.
I don't know a solution to this problem.
I get the message that "Liblinear classes not in CLASSPATH" I am on Windows.
The menu is fairly small and changes seasonally to assure fresh and delicious ingredients.
Delphi installation comes with a Demo named 'Bitmap' (you can find the project in Help dir.).
Why does Java 8 discard the generic type from the class on the return value?
Looking forward to my next visit!
Unnecessary semicolon Once I import v7-appcompat library into Eclipse, I get a warning described as "Unnecessary semicolon" at the end line of the R.java file.
Their hours are a bit shortened compared to other locations, as they close at 4pm, but stop by for breakfast or lunch (or an afternoon ice dream or milkshake snack!), and you won't be disappointed.
NSWorkspace Center call (swift) Very few notifications Typical notifications Computer goes to sleep Computer wakes from sleep Volume gets mounted / unmounted Example 2.
On next window submit button gets hidden and it shows exit, back and Review button They look like this Exit button - Back Button - Review Button - My question is when next window opens I could not click any or find any of these three buttons.
will attempt to open the file in the computer it is running (the server).
Authentic upscale Italian cuisine, in classic upscale Mediterranean ambiance.
There is a neat stage and tons of picnic tables.
The S&S Chicken was wonderful as well.
link ) use instead (int64 max value is: 9,223,372,036,854,775,807.
If you're like many people I have talked to, you might have been- but you don't have to be!\n\nCommon Ground is a member-owned grocery store carrying many local, specialty, organic, vegan/vegetarian, gluten free, bulk, etc items at reasonable prices.
Swift generic Function (n choose k) I'm trying to make this JavaScript code in Swift: k_combinations And so far i have this in Swift: But problem is that my function prints when it should print What i'm doing wrong here?
Over the yearsI learned to not just look for cheese covered meats with runny beans and \""orange rice\"", I wanted basic simple Mexican.
If you want it to restart with the same speed it had before, then you have to reduce the amount of time in the second animation to reflect a pro-rated amount of time.
Sally also had some great ideas that contributed to our day, as I probably wouldn't have gone hunting for vintage lace for my bouquet handle without prompting.
I am using boot2docker on mac This is my docker file locally which builds ok and when I run the container starts correctly and I get a session with user root starting in /home/play/Code.
\nI have nothing bad to say about the place....\n\nTIP...
Um, I love you Rosa.\n\nSo, bring your favorite garments over to Eden Cleaners, they will take great care of them...and you.
They did a good job at directing people when to go to the buffet.
You can get your string back the following way, the replace removes space char( which is what array element separators turn into)
This code base has a deep level of dependency.
You'll be glad you did.\n\nAbout the merchandise, it's worth searching through.
You can probably achieve the same effect with an extender as well.
As, I'm not quite the \""frequent flyer\"" so to speak, I do travel a little bit & food choices are critical between layovers.
AssertionError when unit testing an annotation processor with compile-testing Google's compile-testing is a great tool when it comes to unit testing annotation processors.
How to implement secure FTP connection on iOS Apple provide a CFNetwork guide, where described how to work with FTP.
Once I realised this I noticed I was including cordova.js twice , once in the head and once below the body, this was causing the following error to occur I removed this but still couldn't get the plugin to work, I used the CLI to add and remove the plugin several times but still no joy.
My family owns a coffee plantation in PR, and visiting this place reminds me of all the scents brought about by the roasting process and all the aromas different coffee beans can exude.
The bartender notices us and asks if we need a table for two.
The only part of our experience I wish I cloud have changed was the ordering process.
is the referral of my friends, familes and co-workers.
The food itself is to die for and worth the price, just don't go expecting American size portions.
Problem writing unicode UTF-16 data to file in python I'm working on Windows with Python 2.6.1.
I was told by a friend that I was lucky to live so close to it, but to be careful because it was expensive.
\n\nThe rest of my party all had mixed responses.
It parses all the files (cs, js, css, etc.).
THIS PLACE HAS WIFI!!!\n\nAnd the wifi is way faster than my stupid AT&T Uverse internet at home.
You can try all the tasty meats and side dishes.\n\nI like that they also have a salad bar with fresh cut watermelon, at least the night we were there.
How to resize canvas and its background image while somehow maintaining the co-ordinate scale?
What a lovely, intimate, upscale restaurant!
It would be easy to create a deadlock where multiple threads are using the static lock.
Get the latte, take a stroll down the street to explore the houses, and take a walk in the park.
It seems management (one person in particular) has started using the results of these tools to directly affect EPR's (enlisted performance reports - \ it's an air force thing, but I assume something similar exists in other areas) and similar paperwork.
He recommended essentially all of our food to us, and we were happy with all of it.
Some Sundays are free and Bank-of-America cardholders can go for free one weekend a month.
How can I keep the menu from hiding when the cursor is on the flash content box?
My girlfriend used to live in Bloomfield and we discovered it by just walking in looking for something cheap.
I cannot say enough things about the staff and food quality at Blue Plate Catering!
How to show 1 value from 2 values in combobox xaml?
My butter knife cut into it so easily.
Thus, you can work around this with a query such as the following: Below applies to a historical version of the question.
This test is going to run for multiple pair-sets of points, for analysing the runtime performance of the system Here's where I am stuck I am using activityInstrumentationTestCase2 and touchUtils for the user click events.
I'm assuming this is possible, right?
They cooked it to my request of medium spot on,and the chunk of filet was so large that I can't figure out how they cooked it so perfectly.
Well, Lidia's, not Lidia the person.
If you work at downtown, give Mert's a try.
The system cannot find the file specified.
Using JSch with eclipse (Android project) I am using JSch with my Android project in eclipse and I am having one small problem.
Both were wonderful.\n\nWe're moving in as soon as possible.
the error says the JPanel has an access restriction.
Sometimes I just don't want a whole pizza!
Another great (WEEKEND) brunch at Lidia's.
Put that number on your table, and your food will be delivered shortly.
Our pizza was $9.95 and can easily serve 2 people for dinner.
(Note: some CPUs do actually have support for running Java bytecode directly.
We also had an order of Thai-inspired Blue Bay Mussels with crispy soba and aioli, which were *fab-u-lous.* I eat a lot of mussels, but these were some of the most enjoyable I've ever had.\n\nFor entr\u00e9es, husband and I split the Soba Noodle Scallops -- which arrived at the table with root spinach, cuttlefish, wild mushroom, and fresh wasabi -- and the Seared Tuna -- with a sesame crust, cucumber-red-onion salad, kimchee, ginger fried rice, and peanuts.
Moreover since the decorator has the component (through composition) , why is it really required for the decorator to implement the same component interface which the concrete component implements.?
They build up the base of the language and are not just syntactic sugar to work efficiently with this language.
I have 166,000 rows of data now and this query taking 1.23 seconds to return the result which is not nice to use when the data grows.
But, I have a string like: (This can change depending upon user input) Is there any easy way to access hash using above string values?
One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh.
It's a social group for young Mint supporters.
They coordinate with your insurance company, complete the work as promised and you get your vehicle back beautifully repaired and clean!
I've read that the problem might be that gcc can't find this library, but i'm not sure if that's the case and even if so, what should I do to make it work?
I'm excited to try their iced drinks now that the weather is warming up.
\n\nA little piece of advice if you do get take out.
================ UPDATE ============== Looks like the issue is related to the UIScrollView all of this is inside.
Decide if you want to use the command line or the gui.
This is a very interesting scenario.
I usually get enchiladas, but basically everything is good.
Just do your homework on the place and you won't run into any problems.
Variables have something called a 'scope'.
Frugal's has excellent service and a decent selection of beer and wine on one side of the store and a good selection of the stronger stuff in the spirits section.
I can't say I thought the restaurant aesthetics were that fantastic.
For example, "333333 e1e1e1 f4f435" should return an array: Here is what I have, but it isn't quite right-- I'm not clear how to get the optional white space in there, and I'm only getting one match.
The shrimp burritos are the best I've ever had.
I will start out by saying that for the most part, our meals were very good, but they were overshadowed by a lousy server.
Anyone here who can figure out what's going wrong?
CSS rollover image I would like the top half of this image to display by default, and then use some CSS to make the image shift upward so that the bottom half shows when the mouse hovers over it.
And I updated it, thanks to @wajeeh, the solution could be: translate my php function into MYSQL form (it is a litter hard for me) Use php function, but return the mysql results as array.
We started with a cheese trio with was paired well with different preserves and chutneys.
Prevent iOS URL scheme hijack I have an app that gets opened from another app via a URL scheme.
This denotes a JSON array of three objects: So you cannot deserialize this to a single object.
Seriously, you will not regret a snack for later.
Of course I know that the accuracy of the position is correlated with accuracy of the timestamp (this is basic idea of gsp), but I would like know what error of the timestamp (in miliseconds) should I expect when I'm getting position with accuracy 5m ,50m, 100m etc.
We swing by, grab the bag and before you know it we are seated at my table unwrapping our treats.\nThis is no easy crowd to please.
When this count and previous count become equal, you have got your data.
The bartender was a great guy who was friendly and kept the drinks coming.
I'm using Blend, to do some customization on UI .
I had my wedding here this past weekend.
Plus they're pretty quick with the coffee refills.\nEnvironment: Old school diner feel - with booths and stools!
From what I can see in the vim documentation, this doesn't seem possible.
My husband and I have been going to Toby's for 5 years.
We had a sushi roll (don't remember which one) but it was very good.
There truly are TVs everywhere including the restrooms, so this is the place to watch the big game.
At this place, they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count.
Here is what the chart looks like: Donut Chart And I want to add another arc that is 15px in size and covers the percentage of three pointers made.
Then Colleen advised the wild Boar.
Could definitely bring a bottle of wine and make it a picnic with the use of a little discretion.
Rating Mimosa Grill is an interesting balance for me.
\n\nIt's an easy walk from anywhere else uptown, so it's a good place to start or finish a night of moving from bar to bar.
Change background of title and header in pivot control In my Phone 7 application, I'm using a pivot control.
Is there a way to chunk 2 or more repititions of a tag in a tagged sentence using nltk?
I thought that all of these displays are well thought-out and perfectly executed!\n\nLooovve!!
Trying to use CASE in APEX function I am trying to create a fucntion that will read in the value of a column, that is either "H", "C" or "N" and return "Hot", "Cold" or "None", but the case statement i have written keeps casuing this error: Here is my code, i'm not sure what i'm doing wrong, and the error is typically vague.
The solution would be to reset ObjectFactory in the TearDown method of your test fixture.
Look at this post here: Thread safe random number generation In short: Random() is not thread safe, nor was it designed to be.
Does having space between lines affect the performance of javascript code This may be a stupid question, but I still have it .
I figured out that Jitsi and CSipSimple send their INTERNET IP-address instead of sending their VPN IP-address in SDP during INVITE request Altghough CSipSimple has the parameter "Allow SDP NAT rewrite" in Expert mode of account setup.
How to merge xml app.config files outside of the build process I would like to use app.config files for settings, but I don't want to have to select different build configurations to select which settings to use, I would rather everything build in release and then just the app.config file be different when the application is deployed.
It had really fresh ingredients and a nice selection of wines to go with.
Aside from the beautiful campus, you get a sense of belonging here--Southern charm at it's best.
Agree with another reviewer that the servings were generous and tasty.
It would be just like doing something like Here x would hold the value of 7, because that was the last value assigned to it.
I also can't find any example of it.
I've been using git-svn and it's kept me very productive.
The Reuben sandwiches were really good!
Here's the workaround I used in the tool :
Just go straight for the :
I'm not sure if this is quite the right place, but it seems like a decent place to ask.
My husband bought me a ring for graduation a couple years ago and some jewelry on special occasions from Helzberg.
Going off of looks, this might not be your first choice.
How to use this tools is also described in spring documentation.
It has all their barbecue and is more than enough for 2 meals.
What a Frick-ing fantastic place!\n\nThe Frick Art & Historical Center has all the bases covered when it comes to museums: historical site, visual art, beautiful grounds, classic cars and buggies, restaurant, greenhouse.
I have been going to Arthur's for years, since I worked at South Park.
Selectors are ONE way to go...
How can I force cancelation/termination of the server socket as well (maybe with an additional thread timeout, so that no thread can hang in the background by any issues)?
I guess this means I have something wrong in my product configuration.
streaming works fine but the portion where user needs to touch is not exactly coming on top of that toggle icon.
Relevant info from Input command from the Docs: E [v1.1.20+]: Handle single-character end keys by character code instead of by keycode.
I am having some trouble using xpath to extract the "Payload" values below using apache-camel.
This is wrong, because you can see that the number has been changed because of this wrong conversion.
You're looking for an outer join.
Great equipment and you can use other clubs too with their membership win win \nBut umm yeah don't join K?
Ultimately, it would look something like this:
VCA was very accommodating, saw us quickly, and even helped us out a few times without charging (quick consults).
(Sidenote: the hostess' outfit was really unintentionally inappropriate.
I haven't been since they moved to downtown CHampaign, are they a tapas place now????
\n\nDefinitely will be back for lunch again soon.
When it comes to Irish bars I'm always a sucker for a shot of Jameson with a Guinness chaser and they didn't disappoint.\n\nIt sounded like there was alot more fun to be had upstairs(live band, dance floor etc) but we were just to tired to check it out, maybe next time.
Rewriting sql query I have where clause in my rails app that looks like this: it works as expected but this code is vulnerable to sql injection.
Essentially I want all the alpaca goodness without the rendering step.
If users click one more time I would like that the renderUI takes the initial form again.
Man I wish there was a joint like this in SF!
This is not Supercuts, folks, he knows how to cut hair.
Some crap but mostly real cool stuff.\nI also love the store music system, 70's classic vinyl spinning on an old stereo.
I found myself sitting on a rocking chair in the main terminal atrium, (note: go upstairs on the landing for a little more space and quite) listening to someone play on the grand piano below me, eating frozen yogurt from TCBY's new store called Yovana, and relaaaaaaaxing.
So I decided to go on a cooking and baking frenzy and this place had everything I needed in the recipes I had.
The cole slaw, fries, meat, and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.
How do I create a getter method that will be able to go pick up the Variable p from setNbrDoors, return its value and have it be used for nbrDoors in the Automobile constructor?
The bar lost its self and I stopped going in completely.
At this point it has passed from a necessity for my kiosk project and become more of a curiosity on my part(and something that will drive me nuts until I figure it out), so if anybody could help me get some answers, I would be most appreciative.
I'm in the need of sort of a linked list structure, but if it had indexed access too it would be great.
Ive tried something like this which is not working
Edit: Looking at the other answers and the recent comments I'd like to add regarding options you have with standard Qt 5.0: Is your main goal to: get some pointer you can pass to from your potentially 'weird' formatted QImage?
I'm glad to say that Musashi still holds its roots close to the traditional culture.
too crowded.\nIn the summer, sitting outside is such a luxury.
The first function creates a starting list of string lists.
It is absolutely imperative that I keep track of the co-ordinates since I have written a collision detection logic using the original size of the image.
they have their own parking lot so its easy access.
My fiance and I decided to split some eggrolls and then for my entree I went with the beef vermicelli with conconut milk.\nThe eggrolls came out at the same time as the meals and were so hot temperature wise that both my fiance and myself left them until after we had eaten our entrees.
You can use relative imports but really the best solution is to add it to your and do
Let's call one model foo and the second model bar.
:) Check these out: Box2D XNA: Farseer Physics:
So, essentially what you're doing here is dynamic dispatch.
I suppose it should be possible to work with them as well.
Try casting to a longer , e.g.
So we have: In this example, I would call a "library" method since it doesn't really need to run in the UI context.
Ask for the sweet potato tater tots.\n\nAs for me, I'm left wondering if sweet potato french fries (the more common menu cousin of the Sweet Potato Tater Tot) can ever truly be an adequate substitute, or if I need to go out and buy myself some sweet potatoes and try to tot them myself...
Using Django Caching with Mod_WSGI Is anyone aware of any issues with Django's caching framework when deployed to Apache/Mod_WSGI?
Great flavor, nice ambiance, and delightful evening.
After I left the store, I met up with the owner and other regulars at a local bar that has a covered/heated patio area and bought two more cigars at that event (it's a weekly or monthly thing they do).\n\nOverall, it's a great shop with an outstanding pipe selection, a very good pipe tobacco selection, and a good cigar selection.
\n\nJust come here and let yourself go and test out those dance moves that you secretly practice in front of the mirror at home.
Is there anything that restricting my post?.
It was delicous in every way.The side items were Sp\u00e4tzle and red cabbage...
Sometimes the food is good sometimes its great.
You can find the value of the exponent using : Result: Then you'll need to divide your original vector by :
The beautiful stone walls of this artistic chapel drew me in automatically.
\nIf you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.
Guan, have you tried with an earlier version of the JDK (e.g., JDK-1.5?).
\n\nAtmosphere is a little more cramped, but usually you can still find a table late on a week or weekend night if you do not mind sitting in the back.
You should use reflection to get into relative path: You can use it like this:
Their lobster rolls are very good and you get a large portion of lobster in it.
At the top level, some code is written like this: where q is the instance and in function there are code like: And in , there are something like this: Is there any other way more elegant than this?
If so is it a large difference?
I put these for my homemade hot pot.
It means you can't really do anything with it.
I think she is one of their junior stylists but she gives a great haircut!
I am coming to understand that there are supposed to be extra parameters, but it's not at all clear how I'm supposed to know what additional parameters to include or where to get them.
It was a great hotel experience!
I arrived around 1pm when it ends at 2:30pm.
If i understand correctly you are trying to implement event based actions.
I wonder what break the event system.
What is the best practise to maintain authenticated user details in an ASP.NET Intranet MVC application I am developing an Intranet.NET MVC application.
Second, it is suspicious whenever you have a without an .
It all seems pretty straightforward, until I come to the last step, and I can't seem to find a way to get this to work.
Got there in the morning before the lunch rush.
I got there and it was no where to park, this is something that I'm not use to.
I'd recommend that you start with a JDBC tutorial first.
I have not been through border controls here, but from what i've heard it's astonishingly swift.
We did takeout and they gave us a ton of rice and I order way too much naan.
If I comment out: Cocoa wouldn't be able to satisfy my constraints because of the autoresizing mask that was translated into constraints.
While running one of the examples from a book, I get an error.
Here is what your code would look like using it: You can get the source code for it at: It's implemented in the same way as .
Always a good airport when you have free Wifi.
Although I'm scared of bird (I suffered a vicious peacock attack as a child (seriously)), this place was pretty cool.\n\nWe just happened to arrive as one a raptor presentation was beginning.
You should have a method to add the minutes -- not to read the amount to be added, and then print out the time with the minutes added, just a method to add the minutes.
Basically, in R, algebraic functions are applied automatically over numeric data, such that looping is often unnecessary.
I'm using: Apache Maven 3.3.9 git version 2.7.0 (German) I already tried several versions of the release plugin (2.4, 2.5.3, 2.5.1) but none woked.
A little bit hard to find (across from Carolina place mall on 51, in the K-mart/Best Buy strip mall)..
I went in and bought a package of thick-cut bacon (which was heavenly, by the way), a very large cut of choice filet, a pound of virginia ham, a half pound of provolone, and some beef sticks, and only emerged about $30 lighter.
Not quite five stars, but certainly not 3 stars.
Therefore, I'm trying to see how I would embed a JFrame into my JavaFX application.
The Cool Stuff area (physics stuff) is amazing!!!
The reason I posted this example is that without knowing more specific things about your content I cannot give a better answer.
Then process same command command -i filepart1.txt -o filepart1.dat -a command -i filepart2.txt - o filepart2.dat (if needed) -a or command -i filepart1.txt -o filepart1.dat -b command -i filepart2.txt - o filepart2.dat (if needed) -b After this needs to be concatenated.
if/else won't go into else I wrote an if/else statement for a login page, I already used it before in other pages and it works.
Check your implementation as that holds the key of retrieving the value from list.
The desserts just about killed me but I could not pass on them since I knew I was leaving town the next day.
The 1/2 chicken sandwich on rye was very fresh too.
I think that your problem is IIS Security Permission.
I also tried to choose iOS 5 as the target platform but no joy.
As others have mentioned, the lounge is very modern and chic, lots of marble and a really cool Zen fountain running the length of the bar seating area.
I rode the train from Flagstaff, AZ to Kansas City, then to Champaign via Chicago.
Usually you get one tea choice and that's it.
I found the solution, for anybody who cares.
When my friend and I walked in, we were immediately greeted by several people.
Currently it is at the right of all my text.
First of all, when you walk in the smell of gourmet coffee is delicious!
There's a couched section up front for those really lazy days; elevated booths on the wall for small parties; and a lot of tables for any size group you can organize.
When you get an unknown type, put it in the "bad input file" until you can maintain your software.
Sometimes, they offer beer and wine whose names compliment the theme of that evening's production.
But, nothing on the lunch menu was over $14, so you can have reasonably priced lunch as well.
RegEx for css class name I want to have a class where x is a number between 0 and 100.
I would just keep reading you will learn as you go.
Would removing disabled modules from a Drupal site have a positive affect on performance?
You cannot use once the document is loaded.
It's a little weathered, but definitely homey and sturdy.\n\nRandy S.
sad mariachi band?)\n\nSo the lack of authentic Latino ingredients has been a huge bummer.
I felt like Mexican for lunch.
They were too good to waste.
I would definitely come to La Pomponee again - for a relaxing day full of epic massage and good vibes.\n\nIf you're looking for more vigorous facial and want more pronounced results - you may want to look elsewhere.
First visit to Thai Cuisine (interesting name, no?) and first visit to Pittsburgh, so that should set up this review nicely.
At least the Y is off of a side street (not directly on WT Harris), but you have to time it right less you get caught in the traffic nightmare that happens there every rush hour twice a day.
\n\nThis is a total Charlotte establishment.
I used to work a block away from here and loved to frequent this place as a worker as well as a student.
I was able to visit The Morehead Inn for a small company meeting of around 20 people and it was nice and cozy in the room they provided us with.\n\nWhen I first arrived, I noticed how it the plants were well kept and there wasn't that much parking.
I would highly recommended their strawberry pancakes, they're out of this world.
In my procedure it was put into a smaller size of varchar, let say 10 character.
Waking distance to upscale shops, theater, restaurants (P.F.
You can get the total heap consumption and other stats via in module GHC.Stats, at least if you run your program with .
I could not resist the allure of a bar that had a giant neon \""Drink Blatz\"" sign hanging above the door.
If you have an HTML editor installed, you should see it in the list.
The calamari was okay, nothing to brag about, but the sandwich and chowder couldn't have been better.
How to pass the asp.Identity object to a second register page I am building a much more advanced registration process which consists of 3 pages, the first page is a form that grabs a username(email form) and a password with confirmation.
The decline in votes for the git-core package makes me think I've done something wrong like ed the wrong package name from the ubuntu popularity table.
Can some one tell me what I am doing wrong
Can't wait to go back and experience during dinner.
She did a great job thinning it out and giving me layers without sacrificing length.
I've spent over an hour just browsing, and around the holidays or birthdays, it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get.
Your cron job will start and publish messages a to socket.
The thread enters the critical section each time EnterCriticalSection and TryEnterCriticalSection succeed.
Here is a link to a discussion about the singleton design pattern along with a more involved "pure" singleton implementation.
Knew I would be missing my connection in CLT (last flight out), so I booked on line while standing at the gate in SFO.
I have to dock a star just because at Luna's price, I don't expect to see any mediocre dishes - and I've definitely had a few there.\n\nService has been very nice and friendly, but also very slow (and it's never been all that busy when I've been there, so that can't be used as an excuse).
actually, i live in san francisco, which (obviously) has excellent restaurants, many of them vietnamese.
It's not expensive, but it's more than a \""china wok\"" kind of place obviously (food's a lot better too).
I always have a good time when I go here.
The build in lightbox of tumblr for videos had a conflict with prettyphoto.
String folding is widely implemented by almost all C/C++ compilers.
One of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs.
The meatballs were about the size of a racketball.
It was bland and the noodles were lo mien noodles.
Great for adults just doing their thing.
If you don't have the assistant editor open then all you need to do is open it, then close it again.
Secondly, where would i put my function in the HTML code.
I've developed a html+javascript Backbone UI (Jquery ajax) that calls the API.
The second problem is that a generated passphrase consisting of random English words won't be memorable, and hence the user is likely to write it down.
How do you see all roles in all business units to customise the roles?
I think your math is off: According to Wikipedia, the display is Display 4.3-inch 960 × 540 px qHD at 256 ppi Try and see if that works
The problem is, that 4gb for me, are not enough.
You can check out this material, which talks about how to talk to Azure storage via the REST API, including updating the header value: If interested in some .NET code samples, use Reflector on the Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient assembly that comes with the Windows Azure SDK to see how they are doing it.
Absolutely love this place, perfect for Dinner and a Movie.
Then I have the list of Users and the list of DataFields and I do the following: This works fine, but it is extremely slow, and I am talking about 20 users and 10 data fields.
A representative for Autobell reached out to me about the poor visit I experienced my first time around.
When your problem is indeed ANGLE based take a look at the compiled HLSL code using getTranslatedShaderSource and debug from there.
Chocolate from Europe, South America, Africa.
Went there for the 1st time- heard its like new orleans food.
I fly alot due to work and big on a Airport now.
\n\nParking here is pretty affordable, I'm fairly certain that Daily Parking is still only $6 per day, and long term is $4 per day (thanks Bill F.!).
\nThe gym was clean and spacious, and also empty most of the time, which I loved.
\n\nGardening section: \na good selection of garden seeds from a variety of suppliers including Seed Savers Exchange, Renee's garden seeds and similar companies-a good place to shop for seeds if you are looking for something a little more unusual although they are a little more expensive (they often discount the leftovers in the late fall/early winter and I pick up some seeds for the next year while getting my bulbs).
Best home style southern cooking I've had in a long time!
C# How to handle TCP packets/segments A couple of questions about TCP.
If you do, you'll only have to pull out some ancient version of the implementation, from before the bug was fixed, to prove that the new regression test still does its job.
This pizza is really good and you can tell that they do not pick the cheap ingredients off of the shelf.
A bit on the expensive side for me with dinner probably in the $15 - 30 range when all is said and done.\n\nThat much said I had the Prime Rib and it was very tasty along with a simple baked potato.
Server keystore was already having an entry as ( CN=Unknown, OU=Unknown, O=Unknown, L=Unknown, ST=Unknown, C=Unknown), my new certificate was second entry as ( CN=Server, OU=Server, O=Server, L=Server, ST=Server, C=Server ).
my first time at this theme park i was probably about 12 and i had the best time, i've been back since then and still had a great time!
Came here for a work function so we had the back patio to ourselves which was amazing, because it overlooked a beautiful courtyard.
while the menu changes seasonally, my group all enjoyed the food - crab/scallop pasta, pumpkin risotto and rare tuna.\n\ncasbah also has a great wine list, and great service that is there when you need them, but doesn't annoy.
Its in your gradle file, and gets written to your manifest (if you aren't using gradle).
For example, in the Immediate window ...
First of all, you should always put at the top of your program.
Any ideas how I can get this working?
We checked out the dessert menu, but we were too stuffed to try anything.
A beautiful location in uptown Charlotte.
I tried spicy beef over lemongrass.
Shopify Product Combinations or Addons I would like to combine products in my shop.
I have created a custom field with a custom property.
They told us only 10-15 mins and it was spot-on, which we were pleasantly surprised about!
Then set the New Person VC's property to this record.
You never define , you just try to read from it in the method.
I'd stick with the dishes that are complex and unique.
She also mentioned that her machine broke right in the middle so she had to finish by hand.
It was great to see Pittsburgh showcased in such a great light.
I started new position in March which include a company car.
Golden and red beets were thinly sliced and piled with arugula, cortland apples, a very pretty light pink radish with green skin, cashews, and dressed with ginger vinaigrette.
It has to be something to do with how I am invoking them.
It's also a bit confusing with the layout, and I got separated from my family and lost in the store.
If you have those in your original data you'll need to strip them before decoding.
My ticket was only $4 since I'm a grad student...you can't beat that, and there are some amazing movies that show here!
Both cases seem to imply that that activity becomes "hidden", no?
Still, a VERY good cut of steak.\nThe meal and a bottle of wine ran me $150 which for the service and ambience I believe is fair.
Since you want to get all the elements whose immediate text contains 'Total amount', the selector won't help you as it will return all the elements in the upper hierarchy of the actual element.
All of those methods work everywhere except when using the Android Facebook App's builtin browser.
This is one of those places you can go at lunch time and run into everyone from your local car detailer to power-brokers like the former CEO of NationsBank (now Bank of America).
\n\nThere is a lot to choose from on the menu, but the way it is divided makes it much more navigable.
I believe the unanswered may be asking the same question.
\n\nAlthough we only left with a 6 pack of Wisconsin only beer for $9.99, I was tempted to buy much much more.
Split jQuery cycle pager into divs I have a jQuery cycle slider working fine, but the pager I need split into different places.
He searched other stores for Sriracha and skillfully wrote directions for us.
As @ivoba stated there is no native expression handling of bitwise operators for the symfony parameters.xml services.xml files or their yml equivalents.
Mr and Mrs Kim are always incredibly accommodating to our varied needs.
Our guide was interesting, knowledgeable, and happy to respond to questions.
We tried the NC Hefeweizen (wheat beer normally served with citrus fruit), the prices were pretty reasonable, $7.50/$8.50 for a 16 oz which is a lot better than the prices in the NY area.
here on Yelp) already wrote a great review and I just wanted to say that I agree with her that this place is really authentic!
I couldn't remember what seafood pasta I ordered; it was satisfactory but not a surprise.
First off, there are far too many constructions going on, which ruins the scenery.
Is it possible for a Makefile to determine what binary format the compiler is targeting (i.e.
You will definitely have some leftovers!!
math domain error (linalg) in statsmodels.tsa.api.VAR I am trying to use Vector Auto Regression (VAR), but I got this error: ValueError: math domain error Here is my code: (and also I don't know how to give it only one dimensional data) Here is the Error message: My data type is numpy array of floats.
There is something so nice about listening to your favorite play list while working away on your laptop.
The Chef (Jackie), from NYC, could be gainfully employed high up the hierarchy of any top big-city restaurant.\n\nThere is no elevator, so either pack light if you want a room on the 3rd floor or choose a 1st or 2nd floor room.
The food is good and its CHEAP.\n\nI mean REALLY INEXPENSIVE.\n\n$4.00 for a burger and fries.
I have got a simple external HTML page, that I want to include in my site.
Sicilian, so folks who are not familiar should take look at their menu online before coming because it might catch you off guard, it isn't what the \""normal\"" Italian restaurant offers.
They have about 30 other lunch items on the buffet.
This is why you can map resources to entities only by CRUD operations.
You can either pass the view or bounds as a parameter or put it a UIView category or subclass.
That's the total number of bytes you're going to download.
\n\nI think I will pick up the City of God television series next time I am there, because the movie was so damn good!
I tried with a Python script but it didn't work either.
This church is the perfect place.
Make a parent Component whose child will be Now, render your ParentComponent irrespective of the api call.
First you need to get a reference to the HTML element in order to bootstrap it, which means your code is now coupled to your HTML.
You can then load this via AJAX : ...or something like that.
How do you set a primary key with Valentina?
I fell in love with Indian there, and was very wary of moving to a tiny midwestern city.
\nMany big groups and families chowing down.
\nMenu states \"" two juicy chicken breasts grilled and topped with parmesan cheese and garlic crust.\"" Surprisingly, It was described just as it was served.
Wife had a great Flat Iron on Mac & Cheese, very, very good.
The present of FileOutputStream cause the InputStream.read error I have some problem with Java IO, this code below is not working, the variable count return -1 directly.
its showing the actual result outside and after the ajax call but not showing inside the ajax call.
How to device test Android 2.3.5???
I keep getting strange results when I try to use the field of .
This tiny little place at the edge of Brookline doesn't look like much, but it has a real family character, cheap eats and tasty food.\n\nI have dined in twice and got carry out twice as well.
Keeping prices down and providing a great experience is hard at any restaurant but Mert's doesn't skimp when it comes to down home food.
That surprise may also be a segfault.
Many thanks to those who can explain.
I came here to participate in a NEW event (Network of Executive Women).
C# Datagridview Edit Cell I'm trying to put the cursor and focus in the last row and a specific cell with the column named 'CheckNumber'.
The staff is spot on with suggestions and somehow able to keep up with about 100 simultaneous and separate tabs going at once.
How to set child li attribute based on the parent li attribute using Jquery?
Located in a kinda run down neighborhood, but worth it to stay in such a unique cool place.
Almost every \""two-top\"" had only one person sitting at it.
Waffle house is crowded yet Corner Cafe is better all the way around.
I usually chalk it up to a Pittsburgh thing, but this place was wayyyy louder for whatever reason.
Tasks performed in each of those Forms can be time consuming and i would like to give user possibility to jump between those 4 windows without problem so he can execute what he likes.
I just wish instead of having to trek half a mile to get from one concourse to another that they'd add the train like in Atlanta because on my way back through I had maybe 10 minutes before my flight boarded and I had to go from B to E!
This is my markup The following works fine but this doesn't As i dont yet know how many panels will finally exist i dont want to have to write a new line for every panel.
Their list of gourmet pies is mindblowing; their variety and inventiveness is spectacular.
It would be helpful if I could get the actual PL/SQL code of the stored procedure.
I need to know how to have a delay function, like this, but which wouldn't persist the object it was called from, and instead would just not call the block, in the event that it's otherwise no longer existent.
Fast, flavorful, perfectly crisp and just the right amount of food.
They dont have too many vegetarian options i kind of wish they did.
If you're passing through the Northside check this place out.
reasonable prices for the quality of food (which is stellar).\n5.
As Pierre says above, "There is no best shopping cart, however there is one best for your specific need" That is a very truthful statement.
Instead, Boolean values are stored as integers 0 (false) and 1 (true).(1.1 Boolean Datatype) I think, your statement may be: "setVersion" and "setLocale" in onCreate I do not know if that's necessary.
You need this: To be this: To get it to stick when you move to the .
So far I have Getting the EnvIntTyp "Fleet" and all its associated data including Fac, SitLocInt, and EnvInt is working.
Beer is good, strawberry margarita is delicious!!
Is there any update or are photo uploads still disabled using the Instagram API?
I suspect a little further reading on my part will resolve this.
Maybe you can also find some details there.
You can use the knockout.js context debugger chrome extension to help you debug your issue
Instead, we were seated in a back room that felt like an enclosed patio that had parking lot lights streaming in.
I hope this sorts out your issue.
It was the first time I ever had bread pudding...
♥ Important bit: If anything, this "attack" has nothing to do with jQuery.
For a review of Lacy, please see my review of L'Azur Salon.\n\nThe salon itself is really nice - they have a fantastic view, and lots of nice touches.
The if statement is not reachable because you always showed So will always result to true
A glass of Beringer Reserve Cabernet went very well with the meal.
As long as you open a connection, you got 2 streams.
Being new to the area, I get recommendations from a couple of guys I work with who were born and raised in Baldwin, on the best places to eat, shop, etc.
The food is pretty consistent and pretty good.
Yes, I know it's a nuisance.
He also didn't return my call when I left him a message about a concern I was having (which turned out to be nothing).
The peach cobbler was just so so.
The very thing that makes it unique you either love or hate, Hooter's batters its chicken wings.
You need to actually perform the query against your DB: All this does is to give the string the value "SELECT...", but you need to do something like: Or something like that (my PHP is a bit rusty, but you'll find thousands of code examples for this).
I never gave it much thought, though, until I noticed it swanked it up big time in order to beat off the Goliath that is Whole Foods.
will stop as soon as any of its iterables stop (because otherwise it wouldn't know what to fill in the blanks with!): The returned list is truncated in length to the length of the shortest argument sequence.
That starts building the app in beta, sees that it has a dependency to wear, and starts building wear.
Huevos rancheros is another favorite of mine.
It sounds like you've got better coding practices ingrained into you than most PHP developers out there, so don't feel you have to change just because other people are doing things differently.
Now I can receive and send to server all elements from scene coordinates etc...
I was about to give up when I tried the roast beef.
That being said, they should probably alter the ambience, but hell, they are mainly existing to serve Chinese students who want authentic chinese food, not people who want a fine dining experience.
All the staff has been very gracious to us.
The 4th floor space we used was newly renovated, and with good weather you can utilize the patio spaces, which have awesome views of the city, including the changing color Duke Energy building.
When the boolean is set to True, then I want my second row in my grid (and grid splitter) to hide and have the first row take up the entire space of the grid.
This will hide the label while you have active MDI Children en show it again once there is no active child anymore.
the turn around here is great if you have somewhere you need to be after dinner but a little too much if you would like to hang out a little and take your time with dinner.
Fair service prices and will always help you find a way to get your bike going no matter your budget.
Second, you need to put your objects into an .
\n\nBut - Where are the dirndls and lederhosen on the wait staff??
You can taste the love in every single bite.
Easily on par with Aiello's and Mineo's in Squirrel Hill, two of the more decorated pizza joints in Pittsburgh.
LLDB: How to inspect unordered_map Most other STL containers print fine, but is a mess.
It should be up to the end user to think up a passphrase.
Her friendliness, dedication, and skill are unmatched.
The house noodle dish is fantastic.
Getting Google API Push Notifications for Resources/Rooms I'm trying to get Google Calendar Push Notifications working for Resources (aka Rooms).
change the field collation to :-
The vegetarian food there is truly so, you don't have to ask if it's made with clam sauce, chicken broth, lard, etc.
(Papervision 3d) How to blur 3d object?
\nNo prob I thought, let's see what's behind curtain #2: not only the drab-blue garage, but an enormous flag pole with Old Glory wafting in the wind.
If I press n (in the new window described above) error message saying "E486: Pattern not found: rf" pops up and pressing j results in going down one row.
(Optionally I would like to manipulate the incremental number at Fruit 1, Fruit 2 etc, in a way that when I remove item #2, then the next one becomes the #2 etc.
Regex for String with possible escape characters I had asked this question some times back here and got the response, but somehow i am not able to make it work in Java.
Be sure all three xmls reside in same directory.
We were in Charlotte visiting Carowinds and we were tired when we checked into our hotel.
Our last server was really slow about checking on us and drinks took a long time (though it wasn't busy).
They gave us enough time to make sure Brock was the right dog for us, and also made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into.
It kept our choices (and bill) a little more manageable.
As for the language barrier--it's a traditional Asian grocery store, so yes, English is not their first language; don't be surprised.
The rest of the year is for inside, and luckily the facility is nice enough to keep the workouts enjoyable.
Something that seemed a bit odd to me.\nAs far as uptown southern goes, I'd say Mert's is your spot for casual, friendly, quick but still very tasty - a nice place to hang out with friends.
Little Tokyo is the restaurant where I first experienced sushi, so it will always have a spot in my heart.
This is what I have so far: The selection step in the macro will only go so far as that blank row and won't go any further (obviously because it's blank hehe).
My dad had the catfish and the beef ribs.
I must have somehow changed some option, because none of the options described are accessible: Solution explorer - solution context menu: project context menu: project properties:
The boy Eddie that works there is so sweet and nice and cute.
Their ingredients are really fresh and the noodles are some of the best I've had from a Thai restaurant.
However, the rest of your question indicates you'd like some functionality whereby when a particular is closed, you'd like the actual DBAPI connection to be closed as well.
I'd make sure you are using the -codebase switch and explicitly defining Guids for your interfaces and classes for the com wrappers as well.
And everything's reasonably priced (don't have to shell out too many leaves for my grape leaves ...) \n\nBest of all, in the last year they opened a cafe inside.
My core question is: Have I setup/configured Unity to inject the items into the controller constructor as needed or not.
Service is usually either chipper and delightful or just barely okay.
In case of local variables you can not use any kind of accessor (public, protected or private).
Of all the quick options down there this is the best one for a quick meal and the green sauce is incredible on everything (especially the tongue tacos)
This has the disadvantage of rewriting history (big no if somebody based his/her work on current history), and advantage of 'clean start'.
Walked in here xmas eve after primanti bros stopped serving out of the blue, despite us sitting at a table.
i love their tiny little nicely-decorated seating area.
Impossible for some...\n\nThey have changed up the menu-adding some modern, lighter options but have kept their golden standards.
How did you install R ?
There is a workaround to this problem.
Why simply use PHP variables for dynamic stylesheets?
If you want a dynamic url from your obj variable do this:
We enjoyed our brunch soooooooooooo much.
PDF ZOOMING is fading the text i successfully download the pdf file and it's working fine.
Who doesn't love being able to walk across the street to an awesome dive bar with a GREAT menu!\nMy husband and I used to go to The Huddle once a week...
On our way back from DC to Chicago yesterday, we stopped off here since my friend swore by it.
Why is the transaction commit taking so much longer than when it is done executing the same code in a mySQL client tool like HeidiSQL?
So you have a problem in your code.
At night, for the late-night menu, you can even get a few selections made from their neighbors, Umi!
Hands down the most underrated place on campus.
Even then, you have to search for it as it is tucked away.\n\nAnyway, once we found it we were pleased with the choice.
\n\nAlso know that it's location is great for eating and hanging out.
This seems to occur during the trunc function when 9698 gets truncated to 9697.
This is our go-to place for Mexican around the gaston county area.
We had iced tea for our beverages and peach cobbler for dessert.
Clean, open, easy to manage, and the stores are open longer than many places I've been to which is great when your travel plans have you up and out all day and night.
A fragment of the HTML template looks like: i like it like this because the larger resource HTML file contains styling, no-quirks mode, etc.
Where the object would contain the "set criteria".
However what happens if there is a very long list of data?
I had to find my own way upstairs via the elevator to the room.
Overriding x-frame-options at page level I am working on a .net application.
I'm in walking distance, which makes it my primary place to shop for food, and to crown myself as Le Duchess.
I don't think it's a good idea to create one class per method.
Don't be afraid to ask multiple people, multiple questions.
\n\nAs a side note as we were walking out every single employee that we passes said, \""Thank you, have a great day.\""
Great price- got all that food for around $60 plus tip.
/* SAMPLE XML CODE */ Is there any way to load the xml malformed file with simplexml?
Here's a screenshot (note the black bar): The artifacts appear inconsistently – they'll flicker on and off as I interact with the page – but always in the same places, across refreshes.
I'd much rather be stuck here than some other airports any day.
You need to persisting the song data to the device .
However, be prepared to be a little lost.
\n\nTheir deli, cheese, meat and seafood counters really don't compare to anywhere else that I go.
At that point, you should be to architect a dialog that instructs your user and either do the upgrade or not.
The bartender is also generous in his pours.
This time I brought my partner in culinary adventure and I ordered a Gyro and some fries.
I have a very strong inclination to say that we'll be back!
The place was packed and now I know why.
I would have thought the query would not fire until @units has a value present..
I've always found the skimpy outfits that waitresses choose to wear (or are made to wear) at some other places to be rather insulting -- these women are there to do their job, not to be ogled at by everyone in the area.
I don't think the number of developers or codebase size plays into it that much, both systems have been show to support large source trees and numbers of committers.
When you ask yourself "But now I have to do three calls instead of one when storing my data...?!": yup, that's how it works.
It was a reasonable portion of fish cooked well.
For a \""Small\"" airport, CDI sure does make a killing.
Unordered cloud point of polygon contour to polygon Dear Stackoverflow community, I have contours of irregular polygons as unordered datapoints (like on the figure here: and I am trying to order them (ie.
Chills restaurant.And plenty seating and rocking chairs( a Carolina thing!!)\n\nFree wifi!!
Here is the answer for those of you looking like I did all over the web trying to find out how to do this task.
See what I mean about the anthropomorphizing thing?\n\nBow Wow separates the dogs by size and organizes the day into blocks of play, rest, and exercise so the dogs don't get overstimulated, which can cause stress.
For example some users have access to a submit button while others do not.
The decorations were a complete surprise and we couldn't stop taking pictures of the spread.
If I don't need a copy of the original value, I don't declare a new variable.
And the salad became delicious.\n\nMy entree was the Ravioli di Cinghale (ravioli filled with wild boar, in a rosemary sauce) and it was pretty delicious.
It's breaded with a cornmeal batter, which produced some really tragic consequences for me an hour later.
For example, the Database Designer is not very comprehensive and adding different remote databases is not or only very hardly possible.
The main issue isn't the classes and your code - it's that the underlying frameworks are so dramatically different that you'll likely need to restructure, rearchitect, and change your approach in order to make things work properly in the native version.
The tag combined with the number must be unique, I made this loop that increment the entered number until it finds a free one.
The service and attitude at the other are just this side of rude and indifferent.
If you don't get error on the declaration of dataProvider type T is defined as a parameter in a class declaration.
\n\nWhen will it stop snowing here?????
If your graph has cycles, if you don't have some sort of test for having previously visited the node, you'll wind up going around and around in circles...until you get a stack overflow.
Mmmm...no skunky green-bottle taste!\n\nThe food isn't by any means anything special...it's just typical German food.
I should've asked about that damn cheese wheel...\n\nFor the main course, I got the veal chop milanese and it was perfect.
If you leave the food in those cardboard containers too long, it will get soggy on the drive home.
There are certain things you can do to help out: Keep your syntax simple as possible.
Heres a tutorial-ish thing: Blending Modes in iOS And here is the Apple Documentation that covers blend modes.
You can define for any object in the following way: I guess that isn't really a pure Swift way of copying objects.
Per 's test case of infinite-scroll-immediate-chec , If this parameter is set as (the default value), meanwhile the directive's element can not fill up the browser window' height, it will trigger a immediately even you don't scroll your window at all.
(head of bev and food for 300 level) does a great job making sure everyone's needs are met.
like here Is it possible to allow access once?
But it's my favorite and thus 5 stars.\n\nGreat atmosphere, never overly crowded the way some of the other dumps on campus are, often you're able to grab a seat, even on some of the busiest nights.
I live nearby and it's always a great place to get some good ol southern food done right.
This table B has a value and timestamp I am trying to get ONE query which will bring back ALL values in TableA, with an inner join to bring the LATEST 'value' of those rows from tableB.
As Vincent stated, if you plan on doing reporting, or somehow using the data that you're storing for some purpose later on, then generally you'll want to be sure you avoid making it harder on yourself or whomever may be using the data.
If using ASP.NET (this includes MVC and Web API, Web Forms, etc) and AutoFac you should register all your components using the extension method .
Making an HttpRequest with MultipartEntity in it I've been frustrated at trying to figure out how to make an http request with a multipart entity in it.
Oddly enough, there were somen noodles in mine but the soup was deeply flavored and I was more than satisfied it.
While coding should we consider some limit on the total size of variables created on the stack?
Kids love the multiple fish tanks.
In our case (without changing structure and idea): Side note: this is mutable linked list, I suggest you to check how immutable list implemented in standard scala library
RPAD should work But this kind of formatting is also easily done client-side (if you have an application between you and the database and are not just using an SQL prompt directly).
We had a great experience here: helpful staff, clean room, comfy bed, free WIFI, and plenty of security.
But since it's stored in the user's browser, there are disadvantages: the browser may refuse to store your cookies; the user may clear them.
Bootstrap datepicker (the first result from bootstrap datepickcer search) has a method to get the selected date.
I also suggest getting the \""lazy\"" lobster.
Bear in mind that I am a student, which you probably gathered by my hacky code.
Or random number as PIN is fine?
My question is, does PHP also store copies of method1() and method2() (and the constructor), 3 times, for each of the 3 elements of $arr?
We started off with the white tuna sashimi and the yellowtail sashimi with yuzu jalape\u00f1o sauce.
It wasn't cut paper thin, had a nice smoke ring and was easily pulled apart with fingers.
You can never be sad listening to a polka!
If you implement for all of your custom classes, you can trivially dump your structure as Python source.
They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!
Do it the same way like you did with your update, use SQL parameters for the where clause.
Check out the website link for more information.
\n\nOverall I had such a fun time here.
Make sure you run the VI using arrow not continuous run option.
Since we had driven across town, we decided to wait it out in the bar.
From that I want to fetch by Using either or ,Please Help me.
Prices have gone up slightly....but where else can you buy a brand new tennis racket, framed photo of Kermit the Frog (signed!) and an oversized pair of Joan Collins a la Dynasty sunglasses....true story!
It was a Friday night around 9 and the place was packed.
my code is given below and this code encounter a problem.
\n\nIf you're in the upper levels, the stairs are steep.
A Certification Authority (CA) verifies the identity of the ISV (independent software vendor) companies that register with them.
It did take a little while for the food to come out but the place as packed and we were not in any hurry.
You can notify clients when any action happens in server and similar you can notify server when any action happens in client.
\n\nUnfortunately, they did not do any work to my vehicle at this point because the police are still looking into the person that hit my car.
I've made it clear to everyone that the results are, quite simply, error-prone.
I especially liked the Port Wine...reminded me of grandma's house, and the Horseradish.\n\nWe each had a sandwich and enjoyed them!
Furthermore, you should NOT modify the contents of or directly.
I had the boneless fried chicken (how do they make plain-ol' chicken taste SO incredible?!) and couldn't decided between coleslaw, mashed potatoes with gravy, or macaroni and cheese and the waitress suggested the two starches...
I plan on making it one of my regular stops.
The gnocchi were like little pillows they were so light and fluffy.
"active") to the link that corresponds with the current page you are on, and then apply the special styles to that .active class in your css.
You did not mention which version of WMQ V7 client you have but the Fix Pack README files do show a number of APARs related to socket leaks, failure to clean up after disconnects and so forth.
So if you've installed Rails without first creating and switching to a named gemset, chances are that it is installed under the gemset (a default for RVM).
If the data is not making it back, I usually find I forgot one of the steps.
This is one mom and pop you shouldn't miss.
I ordered a regular sized peanut butter M & M sundae, which the woman serving me (who I assume is the proprietor) described as consisting of two regular sized scoops of ice cream.
Here is the solution that i came up with.
It's the best department store in East Towne as far as overall brand selection, quality, and service.\n\nMid-to-high-end lines, a reasonably large selection for the size of the store and when they have sales the sales are super!
Here is the code for Swift3:
There are arguments for keeping CVS if you already have it, but for virtually any other case I'd recommend SVN over CVS, and so would most of the people who use either heavily.
Don't miss out on the basement kid's room, because it's full of hands-on activities for the young ones.\n\nWe will definitely keep our membership current as the years go on - it's timeless, and always fun!
Will the compiler recognize it's running twice and just hold the value without me having to explicitly specify that behavior?
Decent amount of electrical outlets which is crucial to my sad existence as a PC user.\n\nOpen until midnight everyday if I'm not mistaken which is heaven for a stressed out grad student.\n\nGreat for hitting the books while being able to take study breaks to people watch.
Really glad we spent a few hours here.
Thus, you need to fix your query.
We observed what some of the diners around us had ordered, and decided to go with the ice-cream sandwich dessert.
Can anyone explain why this is happenning.
We are so very glad we did.
For example: would set the default stack size to 1Mb.
Love the sour dough bread...they make great grilled cheese.
Can be moderately priced for lunch -- take advantage!
Jennifer and I spoke by phone and we met up the following afternoon.
Try searching for PriorityQueue or actually BinaryHeap in order to solve this task.
The food in the diner car was outstanding.
The ending result was more than I expected, IT LOOKED BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL!\n\nI think another great thing about this place is the people are awesome.
\n\nThe food is basically German with some American dishes.
Thankfully the data is perfectly valid YAML, so Ruby's YAML parser can read it just fine.
Documentation: Take note the difference in the method for getting to log instance.
I was wondering if anyone has any suggestions for how to do this better.
Out of my three day, 3 state bar crawl this was my favorite bar.
\n\nWhat else can one ask for in a stay.
You can't set your drink down without them filling it right back up!
This does not make much sense to begin with.
Good thing we got the bento box, too!\n\nI ordered the sea scallops for my entree and chose the Japanese ponzu sauce (there are 5 choices!) to go with it.
And if you're not satisfied, tell them!
Can't change text of navigation item back button I want to hide the text of the back button on the navigation bar and so have found past questions such as this: However I can't change the text at all, either via using the storyboard, or in code.
Oh wait, that's Rick Ross, wrong venue.
In my MainWindow.xaml, I have: In my code-behind, I have: Which, by tracing through, I know is being populated with four items.
Your problem isn't in the matrix multiplication at all.
How to skip/ignore a specific position (on a list) within a loop, in C language?
As for the Tasso Gravy...as a southern boy, I'm not proud to say I haven't had it before this meal.
They have all the major brands in bottles and cans plus a few select beers on tap.\n\nWhat struck me most about the the actual venue itself is the unique set-up of the stage in relation to the audience.
\n\nAs a neighborhood bar, yes you are expected to behave - and geez, not having easy tabs going and having to pay as you go may be a pain.
This will replace all occurrence of "str" with "rep" in "src"...
This allows you to write a simple which simply returns a 401 or a 200 status-code (and maybe a body) when things are ok.
Panera is the best option for \""fast food\"" in my opinion.
(Heard the table behind me ordering pasta in preparation for the next day's Corporate Cup half marathon, and we went there for my husband to carb load before his long ride...
The reason I gave a 4 star rating was for the somewhat slow and inattentive service.
And as with most Big Burrito restaurants, I don't like that there are separate food runners from servers, because it makes it confusing and more time consuming to ask for things.
At first, coming from the cool water pool it felt too hot, but as my body got used to it, it felt great.
It's quite annoying.\n\nGreat place for appetizers, live jazz and drinks.
For example, an idiomatic way to call , given a type is: Here, is not evaluated when in the operator ( is , so if it were evaluated, Bad Things would happen!).
Using the previous example, my current approach is as follows: Unfortunately this seems to yield "invalid use of undefined type 'struct mxArray_tag'" errors.
We stayed in the historical side and had a very nice if not very large room (queen).
I guess my question is: How can I trigger a "Refresh" action on a controller based on another controller's function.
I am writing an Interceptor which will log the incoming and outgoing messages to/from my CXF service, and as part of this it would be useful to include the specific soap action being requested.
Where are the option strings for an MFC Combo Box stored?
Persisting the table name in codeigniter models In my models I'm setting them up using constructors like the following However, if a method of my model queries the database several times it looks like the FROM clause is only included in the first query.
Business cards all over the wall to your left, cooler of drinks, large menu next to the ordering window, tons of copies of National Geographic in the dining area....Just a great little joint.
In the screencast ryan creates a file called mailing_job.rb(located under lib folder) with the delayed_job perform method inside, which allows you to use the enqueue method.
I would set a class variable — eg.
I also ran into the same issue.
There are several other options besides the Chicago dog if you are feeling adventurous.
It isn't worth trying to save a nickel with watery condiments.
Any help would be greatly appreciated!
That by far is my favorite aspect of D'z.
Open this Grid.php file and search the function and add the following code under this function before .
Other than that, highly recommend and I will be making a return visit
She ended up comping the entire thing and scheduled me an appointment for the next day with a different stylist completely.
I would request you to go through RC4 algorithm before reading his question.
I will gladly return, try other items, and suggest this eatery (there is a seating area behind the flowers, next to the Starbucks) to others!
If you are in need of any equipment, just stop by the Carolina Swim Shop located inside HFFA.
Program Flow : INITIAL REQUEST : Browser -> Apache -> to PHP -> PHP sends taskinfo about a time consuming command, to 'something', and returns instantly.
\n\nI ordered the Pud Kee Mow.
That seems really backwards to me and annoying, you also can't order online.
Do you play your music in Service?
./CMakeLists.txt commands/CMakeLists.txt commands/command.h commands/command.c commands/help_command.h commands/help_command.c ./main.c If you run this the following error occurs So, how do I iterate over if I can't even determine the number of commands in the array?
I had some tenderness in the area, but absolutely no facial swelling or bruising.
I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
For example, to convert String to UTF-8 byte stream use getBytes("UTF-8") and to get back the String, use String(byte[],"UTF-8");
We always get a friendly, \""come spend your money with us\"" smile and greeting every time we come, which is wonderful in today's society.
I have tested with results set that have 0 results, 21 results and 600,000 results and in all of them the results was horrible!
you ever find an answer for this?
Even on this cold day the custard was amazing!
(it was "hip" back in the 1990's or so) SqlClient is the .NET bare-bones ADO.NET level of accessing SQL Server databases, and the foundation for all other technologies.
Family owned and has great atmosphere!
I think stuff isn't getting drawn/refreshed when it should
Perhaps the compiler or cpu is clever enough to realize what I am doing and make these data arrays highly local on the hardware during the inner processing loops without my intervention, and perhaps it does a better job than I can at this.
Positioning mesh in three.js I m trying to understand how i can positioning my cubes in the canvas.
This place is a regular guy beer and wing joint.
If you are not from the area, just the very mention of \""The Y\"" invokes images of outdated facilities, worn out equipment and a sketchy membership base.
How then, can I find out where it was eventually redirected?
The ice cream was very creamy and delicious, and there were no problems with freezer burns this time.
Now there are special entities underlying a company, let's say this is the employee.
FXG ScaleGrid seem to be not working on BitmapImage.
So, instead of , use when loading your images This will at least provide you with some more clues as to the problems you are facing.
See the ArtifactDeployer Plugin : ArtifactDeployer plugin enables you to archive build artifacts to any remote locations such as to a separate file server.
But over all, it was AWESOME!!\n \n1.
The guy working there was very nice and friendly and he listened to me as I changed my order a few times.
Here are my thoughts from my three visits:\n\nFirst time was for dinner (June 2014) with my Big Burrito Birthday Coupon.
Valet parkers were friendly and quick.\n\nBeverages: Thumbs-up for some fun beverages.
This isn't about a dining experience with Mama's, but rather a review on their catering department \""Plate Perfect Catering\"" out of the Mama's Kitchen.....\n\nI hosted an event where I work (hush hush on that topic), and for the first time, used Mama's for the catering.
I'll do my best to explain it, though.
So I am doing the lookup by name and then trying to get the equivalent value.
It's clean, there's decent places to eat, and there's plenty of shops to browse to pass the time.
It's a pretty big place, 2 floors, with a large bar and lots of tables.
Character limit - Joomla (Article Content) I am stuck working on a gallery, which uses 3 columns and 1 row multiplied alot of times to show a simple and clear gallery.
It's mid-October--how many more outdoor dining days are we gonna have?
I slept like a baby & didn't notice any city noise on 10th floor.
We made glass flowers, I can't wait to pick mine up!
If you have the extra cash, not a bad spot to stay.
(I ve erased the original details in the Screen Shot) This is My Snippet
I've been to Pompeii before, and even so, this exhibit was worth checking out, and I saw things that I didn't see on the tour of the ruins.
--salad and cioppino, which was outstanding with super freshy fresh ingredients.
The code is relatively/almost safe with no locking.
This website is pretty good but not specific to Java: A copy of the original link in this answer can be found at The website hosting the original links for Java's big-O summary has gone offline.
The Nomad was pretty good, but we agreed that the next time we came here, we would try something different.
they put \""Happy Birthday, ______\"" on the menu without even being asked to do so and take a picture of the entire group.
How to Join a group facebook using facebook SDK in C# I'm using facebook sdk 6.8.0 for deverloping an app in windows using C-sharp.
It's in a parlor, which is small but charming.
Yes, that's what affinity masks are for.
That first bite of a leg with that tangy sauce is heaven.
You can do it in 2 phases: Phase 1: Insert the nodes you reached into a "set" datastructure.
No crashes, but no functionality either.
Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.
It always says: Well I assume that this happens because when accessing the repository over ssh I need to provide the passphrase for my private key and jenkins is unable to do this automatically.
We also enjoyed their pecan pie and key lime pie...both quite tasty.
I had thought that the blob after a convolutional layer would contain the responses, but that tutorial appears to demonstrate that it in fact contain the filters.
We did leave one of our dog Angel for a full spa treatment.
The \""Holy Oil\"" was ridiculous and almost addicting I couldn't stop drowning the fresh bread in that stuff that I think I ruined my appetite.
You're telling Gson it's looking for a list of maps of Strings to Objects, which essentially says for it to make a best guess as to the type of the Object.
The dressing was the house dressing and not too heavy or tangy.\n\nOur server seemed a little inexperienced, but I won't hold that against her.
\n\nAlso the layout is pretty cool too, you walk in to the Men's and Women's, fitting rooms are in the middle and kids in the back!
When I click the button, I'm taken to the sandbox Paypal site, I enter my sandbox buyer information, and the payment gets processed.
I imagine you could code this up within the function using , but I was interested in an alternative approach.
I did this in both the original program and the above test code.
The rest of the hotel is basic and room service did an adequate job.
I went back just for a bowl-full.\n\nDesserts were lovely but not as epic as the raw bar and included an actual gelato cart rolled in for the occasion, bread pudding, cobblers, blondies, pie - you know the drill its Thanksgiving, roll out of there.\n\nService was conscientious and over the top helpful in a non-cloying not-fake way.\n\ni've had many a nice meal at Upstream over the years and they really out did themselves with their Thanksgiving buffet.
It was good enough for your great-grandpa; it's good enough for you.
\n\nCON: Too many good options and I could only order one entree.\n\nWe will definitely be going back there soon to try their other items on the menu.
Creating several threads fails, as you have noticed, because only one thread has a current OpenGL context.
I really enjoyed the Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella with Vine Ripe Tomatoes.
I thought that my meal was tasty and that it was cooked to my liking.\n\nI have also been here for lunch and had the opportunity to sit outside which was nice because it is a great location for people watching.
I will say though that they do seem a little pushy with product and the product may not even be the best one for your hair.
I can't speak for going through TSA, because this is always a transfer spot for me, but changing planes, and finding your next gate, is a breeze!!
You will run into the same problem when using a Bootstrap theme beside the one in Extlib / BS4XPages plugin.
From the outside you could easily miss it, blending into the surrounding neighborhood, but the inside definitely lets you know where you are.
Now I want to add that View(Drawing slate) on image View.
I still had bread on my plate and I also needed a knife to cut through the baguette French-toast-like dessert - would have liked to enjoy it but I couldn't.\n\nAll in all, a great brunch.
I'm getting the error: &lt;class 'billing.models.InvoiceEntryItem'&gt; has more than 1 ForeignKey to &lt;class 'billing.models.InvoiceEntry'&gt; The way I see it, InvoiceEntryItem has a ForeignKey directly to InvoiceEntry.
Also the margarita menu is intense, they have like 20 types of tequila, which I appreciate though it's not really my style.
I have but unless both “state” and “country” are nil, I get the error Everything will save fine if both these fields are nil.
My QueryBuilder I had this error: [Semantical Error] line 0, col 170 near 'genres=:genreP': Error: Invalid PathExpression.
Evolutionary Artificial Intelligence in Video Games I had an idea pertaining to the use of Artificial Intelligence on a larger scale then most games.
mostly running it on a sony xperia z3 with Android version 6.0.1 and using API 23 i also use test it on a virtual iphone 6s plus IOS 10.0 Any help is deeply appreciated
In code it will be: or
Please help if you know about it.
The server explained the menu and took our drink order.
Probably a wrong approach, but I didn't tackle the problem with UML in mind, but on the basis of a given idea I built a fully functional piece of software which lives up to expectations.
I had the gelato for dessert.
kards unlimited is similar to pulp in dc in that it features offbeat gifts and unique cards, but adds jewelry and literature to the mix.\n\nwhile i've found gems here in terms of cards, i really had to *search* for them, unlike other stores where i find so many awesome cards i don't know which to pick..and end up leaving with seven birthday cards, spending more money than anticipated, and no money for food*.
How could I copy the exact error message.
- jenssegers/mongodb v3.0.1 requires mongodb/mongodb ^1.0.0 -> satisfiable by mongodb/mongodb[1.0.0, 1.0.1].
It was one of the best salon experiences I've ever had.
Simple, yet right on point.\n\nAll in all, very good.
Oh heavens, it was so good.
The freezer section is quite large, but I'm not too sure about what sort of freezer goods they sell.
Lots of great stuff, and priced to move.
Length check in a handlebars.js {{#if}} conditional Is there a way in handlebars JS to check length of a value?
Would go back in a heartbeat.
Python RQ: pattern for callback I have now a big number of documents to process and am using Python RQ to parallelize the task.
is a callback function of Observer: It excepts on with How does one store an object in a dictionary and call a member function?
I can recall back in the day you could get any pint off nearly half of their brew selection for $2.50.
Had the best time at a wedding reception here.
These guys did some customized work on a car I recently bought from a dealership.
I was expecting pretty limited options for food as this is a smaller stadium but they really have everything you can get at an MLB game.
Are you getting no errors at all from the Javascript console you're using?
The "traditional" ways of using or won't work as they aren't supported on .NET CF.
It was absolutely packed and the bartenders were working extra hard.
The people are friendly and the food comes up fast.
\n\nSushi - I was in the mood for sushi, and since Upstream has such great fish, I thought it would be a great place to go.
I was wondering if this was a problem with Eclipse or if the order is actually important.
Example, Im building a panorama viewer : How to invert roation by drag mouse ?
So far I've come up with the following is that sufficient or is there any better way to do this?
I make it a habit to let servers know of my distaste for onions, when appropriate.
A great marriage of Chinese and Thai dishes with tons of great sides.
This does make sense since people cannot just sit at a table when there's a long line of people waiting to order.
My question is -How does HttpsURLConnection know about the encryption algorithm and then encrypts using that?
For example, I had some code that approximated a curve with a lower-resolution curve, so that I could do computationally intensive work on the lower-resolution curve.
My friend got the cioppino and he enjoyed that very much.\n\nI could not even think about eating dessert.
PHP Error: Array to string conversion Javascript Error: Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected string
In my making of places I will visit when going to Pittsburgh the Carnegie Museum had to make the list.
They have more meat selections than your typical Moe's, Chipotle, Qdoba, etc.
This code isn't inside of any function.
I changed property and property to but nothing happened and RectangleShape's background color didn't changed.
I plan on trying it for brunch or lunch sometime soon.
I was pretty excited to try Soba Lounge for the first time - as a fan of the Big Burrito Group, I couldn't pass on the opportunity.
Visual c# Read DataGridView data and show in PictureBox im sorry fot being a newbie on this language.
We can make the difference a little bit clearer with these two-note examples: The first plays two separate notes, the second plays one with a pitch change halfway through.
I'm leaving tomorrow for a trip to San Fran and need a suit for a special dinner.
Let's say your UC is called and currently you have an instance of it similar to: in some other view/UC/window.
Like most Halloween/specialty stores, they don't do returns, which is obvious because yeah, you're only going to wear the costume one night a year!\n\nThere's also, of course, a whole magic section.
The food is so good, that every time my girlfriend and I consider going to any other restuarant, we would have to consider the huge opportunity cost of not going to Louisianne's.\n\nThe place is dungeon-esque, but not in a bad way.
We weren't always up early and no matter what time we finally came out they managed to service our room and make everything fresh!!
I don't recommend this way because if customers are created from another place, the logic won't be fired.
\n* There is a place for mindless popular movies.
I have the Fusion file shared as Unlisted, but am I supposed create a public URL as well in order for the points to show in google earth?
Along with a sweet tea, this will run just around $10.
That's almost certainly not your intention.
This is my first project with MVC and CQRS.
Went here many times with friends while I was down at UofI.
1 in date serials in Excel is equal to 1 day.
When Carrie suggested that we grab some drinks, I suggested that we go to Olive or Twist because I'd been wanting to check it out for awhile.
They have a little espresso bar; my companion got a double espresso.
It's a high tech operator that guarantees a syntax error when used like that.
If you only want to replace whitespace, say so.
Origins allows listing and getting, and destination allows posting.
The food is really, really good and I believe it is very well priced for what you get.
They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.
What might be the root of this problem?
Option 1 - pass a pointer to static text: Option 2 - pass an handle : Should I really prefer using handles when accessing controls by multiple threads?
In my case I have a model order Now I would like to give an administrator the possibility to create his own graphs through the AASM states.
It's possible that I'm placing the if statement in the wrong place.
\n\nThe house is amazing and moreso the car collection.
Integrates with the common build and continuous integration tools for test automation (TDD &amp; continuous delivery).
I am in rails console, and have used the following: Which returns the following: How can I access a specific part of the Result?
The next week you can elect the points, use one of those quality white out tapes and presto.....
When completes, even though it's running on the thread pool, will resume on the UI context.
It's a bit pricey, but not stuffy or pretentious at all.
See this NSNotificationCenter Tutorial for how to post and add observe for
In the breakpoint navigator (command-6) hit the '+' at the very bottom left to add.
This is nice, because whenever a programmer adds a new type of entity, so long as they remember to add a new entry to that object with the correct key, then that object will contain everything you need to construct any type of supported object.
I'm ended up that I don't need to mock a class, but rather define am higher level abstraction and mock it.
This allows you more flexibility in that you can simply define whatever params you would like this external URL to support simply by adjusting the params in the callback function.
That is how he is doing it on the main site if you view is source code.
The soda counter and everything is original, it's almost like stepping back in time!!!
If you want to get the value of a textView IN the listView, you could add an OnItemClick event to your listView and get the value of the textView in the selected list item like this: and then use this variable in the line I told about above:
I know how to get the UUID of a device via libblkid...
i encourage you to read which is the official standard defining the NNTP protocol.
I would appreciate any ideas on how this can be solved without cursors and temp tables.
I got a side salad with it to save on carbs and that was very delish with a vinaigrette dressing.\n\nThat being said - this is a very no frills place.
Really good, and worth the $7 price tag.
I would use a lookup transformation No need for staging - no need to write SQL code - it's the way SSIS was meant to be!
Maybe it was a fluke and it just kicked in, but this worked for me: Turns out the test account and the publisher account were tied to the same credit card on checkout.
It is a different file format than iPhone apps (.ipa)
I personally would do [or something to that effect] - it is likely to be as fast as anything else, since 1GB of a file will take a little while to read, and the calculation is unlikely to be using much of your CPU time - most of the time will be waiting for the disk to load up the file.
People's Bakery has made me a believer of this magical combination!
PHP is versatile and fast, great for scripting etc.
Bottom line: if you do not want to be bothered with little ones running amok, you can get away at the Harris.\n\nFor me, there best selling point is both the indoor and outdoor water parks.
helped me find the exact dress I needed!!
If you're hoping to shake your booty on the dance floor, this isn't the place for you.
I would highly recommend Kirch Appliance to someone on a budget or looking for a great value!
Azure Service Bus: Which message type?
You can aggregate (use or etc) in the same query.
I live 4 blocks away and often go to drop off recycling another great benefit of this place.
If you can use a library like underscore or lodash (or recreate the methods used here) it can be done like so:
Can't be launched from admin apps.
You can get almost anywhere by the bus!
In that case the should work.
Also, it is often a good idea to do some error checking such as or however you want to go about that.
If you want anything like that, you'll pretty much need some sort of library on top of the API itself (or, of course, you can write it yourself).
Front loaders tend to adopt a mildewy, moldy odor if the gasket is not cleaned properly.
They work well and always cater to the skin type of who they're working on.
Most likely the function is not the bottleneck, but the fact that you are calling it 12 million times :-) An obvious improvement is having a variable simplifying every single access.
The same code and configuration works fine few days before but now i am getting error.
Also the french toast is dipped in pancake batter and is really delicious!!!!
Also, the HTML it generates leaves much to be desired.
Android: Forcing a WebView to a certain height (or triggering scrolling for a div) I am building an app which contains an input form and a WebView.
My main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallops on a bed of sweet potatoes, carmelized onions and sausage (I substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage).
Bite the bullet and spend the whole day.
Compound that with a busy weekend or holiday and its bananas,
The garlic knots were decent, nothing mindblowing, and the salad I ordered was huge and flavorful.
Parsing Google Shopping Json Search Results After a few weeks of trying numerous examples found here and it seems throughout the web, I'm stumped.
What will be the reason for this, and how can i fix this.I am using visual studio 2010.
\n\nHad the Harvest-something-or-other(english muffin topped with cream cheese, fresh veggies and poached eggs--hold the hollandaise, please!) which was so great!
If you are looking for a nail place that takes their time and provides great quality, definitely worth testing out this place.
To those of you who complain about getting upsold - It's their job!
\n\nAlways ask for the house made mustard and duck sauce if you're getting take-out.
This is how my IDE looks right now (with JUNO on and a color scheme from Eclipse Color Theme plugin) - I've marked a few annoying parts.
They have a bar code system in place to keep track of all the items you bring in.
you put your wallet, time, and safety in the hands of someone else for the convenience of getting to or from somewhere without needing to rely on your own car.
We got our drinks and ordered.
How to avoid circular dependencies when setting Properties?
Karner, he now goes to multiple locations across Charlotte throughout the week, making it even more difficult to get in.\n\nBut what are you going to do?
I believe this is happening because of caching in Google Play App.
On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was good pizza.
Hence, each time the event is raised, you are initializing it to 0.
I know for sure that this class can contain instances of only one type, so the class could implement , but it just doesn't.
The menu was interesting with omelets, egg dishes, french toast, and the usual breakfast fare.
As long as Apache is installed before the PHP package then you are good to go.
bash: wait for specific command output before continuing I know there are several posts asking similar things, but none address the problem I'm having.
Think on a game app where client code should ask for it's turn to make a move (for example on a chess app).
based on the user locale, the language must be changed(ex: spanish, chineese, german).
My gf had the vegetarian pad thai.
Clean, rebuild, try again -> same outcome.
Is it possible to do this in one query?
The waiting area is really nice and comfortable.
The tag I would like to change is "btn-dark".
However, although good, the food does not satisfy my appetite when I'm in the mood for \""soul food\"" or southern cooking.
Gotta say, this particular location of Giant Eagle (Market District) was the best Giant Eagle I've been to.
In fact, I'm usually dead broke.
Static variable in objective c I am somewhat confused about memory allocation of static variable in objective C.
It's a bittersweet moment, but one can't help but feel a little proud.
The new venue on walnut has a nice feel; something between a classy, upscale restaurant but at the same time casual, family-oriented.
We split the Ricotta Cavatelli Pasta, prepared thoughtfully with fennel sausage and spinach.
Your party is seated at the table and the waitress and assistant take your drink and food orders (I always get the steak and shrimp combination), and soon afterwards you have a salad and soup in front of you.
Wordpress use a 1 way encryption to store the passwords using a variation of md5.
Gobble-rito!\n\nI love Mad Mex and all the offerings.
So it would look something more like this: Update 2: Add the OnDataBound event to manipulate the DropDownList after it is bound.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone!
Really...I don't think I've had a bad meal here.
I have a collection of raw emails which are saved locally as files, and I'd like to make a unit test which loads the files from the classpath and converts them to instances.
I'm trying to add a UIViewController subview, and then upon clicking a button close it.
Good quality American food, and free cookies on wednesday nights.
It's been about five years since I stayed at the Westin, and what I remember -- other than that the words of Annie Dillard were scrolling on the roof all night -- is that when I asked at the front desk for help finding a souvenir, Monica went to a flabbergasting amount of trouble (on her own personal time!) to hook me up.\n\nSo it's like this.
Generally speaking, they compare the status of a file locally to the status of a file in the cloud or on a server.
Nothing too edgy or crazy\n\nThis is a cash only place, so don't forget the $10!
How can I get the client's static IP address rather than the server's IP address?
The moment you walk in you are transported into another time and place.
You can still find them at the web archive:
\n\nOne small quibble: please, for the love of all that is holy, get rid of the fake-o Mrs.
the gist is you put an import scope dependency on the pom in dependency management, and then you can put a provided-scope dependency on any specific member api/spec that you use (say ejb3, jsf, bean validation or jpa) and the versions will be taken from the spec-api pom.
Please suggest any other way to perform this if any..
How to get user input in Clojure?
I bought a Livingsocial deal for Mert's.
Update - the property of vertical align 'vertical-align:middle' should be applied to the images.
Love the Italian Beef, Char Dog and Fire Dog as well.\n\nThis location is really convenient to my office so I find myself there at least a couple times a month and will continue doing so as long as they remain consistent in what they do.
Drop off and pick up the same day.
brunch is only on Sat & Sun.
According to the author and some Amazon reviewers, this book is heavily biased towards OpenGL 3.0, and it's actually recommended to get earlier editions for OpenGL 2.0.
Is there anything I implemented incorrectly somewhere?
Years ago we adopted a mutt of a puppy that turned out to be the best dog that I could have ever imagined.
The topping is overshadowed by the sweet sause and the mountain of cheese so don't waist your money.
Is it possible to perform MySQL replication from the master database on Linux to a slave database running on Windows?
Arrived early and was able to still check-in.
You may later remove the article from the category.
Interpolate missing values in a MySQL table I have some intraday stock data saved into a MySQL table which looks like this: As you can see, there are some points where no data is available (quote is ).
I brought them in tears to Edgewood Shoe Repair thinking they could never be fixed and it would be like losing an old friend.
\n\nGreat for those who prefer unique destinations over corporate chains.
They also include a lot of really good, fresh vegetables in all of their dishes, which, to me, is a plus.
Charlotte's beauty can be seen out my window.
Loop through element of a defined size in Jquery?
It's hard to find a combination of good service and good food and we found it here so we will be back in the future.
Maybe this sounds so stupid but..
Living in New York gives one a certain confidence in finding places to dine at all hours of the night.
\n\nYou really can't go wrong here.
Also group the legend of colored series and grayscale series.
Right off hand it looks like you're trying to reference the images and container in your JavaScript before the document is loaded.
DownloadFile is just a wrapper around a raw WebRequest; it just processes the result and packages it as a "file" or a byte array.
class InvoiceEntryItem(JournalEntryItem): invoiceEntryID = models.AutoField(primary_key=True, db_column='invoiceEntryID', verbose_name='') invoiceEntry = models.ForeignKey(InvoiceEntry, related_name='invoiceEntries', db_column='invoiceID') journalEntryItem = models.OneToOneField(JournalEntryItem, db_column='journalEntryID') I've tried removing the journalEntryItem OneToOneField.
His argument is very convincing and I certainly agree with it.
It also makes the .pyc files if those are the ones you're talking about.
The wings were good and a little crunchy, just right.
Take the following code: In the above example, I would like to be able to specify the value of the column name in the function , e.g.
I've had several clothing items dry cleaned here and I'm very happy with the results.
I stopped in for a quick solo lunch and was surprised to see so many free tables.
So there must be a decay calculation so that the topics change often.
They might not even be on the stack anymore, depending on optimizations.
You are reading the list wrong; does not take the line number, but the maximum number of characters per line : Read one entire line from the file.
On older browsers without , use: or the terser The latter uses numeric coercion (the prefix) to generate an automatic call to .
Your links har taller than the box with the background, so set it as: ..
I've been here a few times and the food has never disappointed me.
Here is an example here: Try typing in the input and you should immediately see that the underscores are hidden.
This is what's used in avionics and things like radar processing systems.
Reminded me of one of my faves Nick's back home and will be back if get a chance.
Now, I shop here at least twice a month.
\n\nThe service is so nice here.
Here is the code I am using to connect to oracle:
The servers really act as a team.
My husband and I went to this place on Saturday afternoon and we couldn't ask for a better place to unwind from the busy life and connect with nature, one on one.
No worries, just grabbed a spot on a couch while we waited.
PHP Check duplicate data and Execute if not I had a trouble with my PHP Msyql Check data.
Or is there something wrong in the way I am linking/compiling it?
Luckily, I got saddled with leftovers.
Bring your bug spray in the summer!\n\nLake: The \""Lake\"" nine is my least favorite of the three, but it's still decent.
You can achieve it using jQuery.
Also known as the truth, which (by the way you probably already know.) My advise is to just let him do his job -that he is more than capable of doing.
Since you reported that it was running when , this is probably because (which isn't a list..) is an empty bytes object which isn't equal to an empty string object: and so the condition in your line is never true, even when is empty.
I had a hidden div which had the 500pixels version of the video.
Using an alarm manager to keep running a heartbeat intent that sends heartbeats to gcm.
It seems like an unassuming cafe, but the food is way above average and the waitstaff is always friendly and engaging.\n\nUsually, I will get one of their sandwiches and I am especially impressed with their chicken parmesan panini.
\n\nThe room was clean and well maintained.
One billion ways is computed in ~ 8 seconds.
Yep, it is kind of inexplicable how long the wait can be on weekends.
Show/hide div when clicked on marker I'm new to javascript and no idea where to start digging information how to implement my idea.
Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks.
\n\nA must stop for visiting guests and coffee/tea lovers!
As a workaround I put the in a , left a little space at the top so it looks like a title bar, then anchored the to fill the rest of the space.
An example of a system that has this type of issue is SAP-DB.
I can't even begin to say how thankful i am for his service!
This is the absolute worst place in Downtown Champaign (other than Phoenix), and I mean that in the best way possible.
You can simple add into your AppName-app.xml manifest into "InfoAdditions" section.
Then after you have got addedMinutes from cin, call Then you could make a method to print the time, printTime() which sends the time to cout.
There are lots of short trails for quick hikes and you can loop a few together for a longer hike.
Go to the file and right click.
The mood lighting is dark but warm, and along with the decor gives this place a nice, cozy, romantic feel.\n\nWe had an 8:30 pm dinner reservation, so most of the people already there were finishing up as we came in.
Now you should be able to push to either remote as needed.
Hoping other people find this little neighborhood gem soon.
In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh.
It's job is to get you from point A to point B and PAT does reasonably well at it.
I also tried to limit the maxsize of my queue and to change the socket timeout but it did no help either.
If you need to later split the string for every whitespace, use: You cannot split an Integer.
So blissful!\n\nMy facial had no extractions or un-natural chemicals applied to it.
The light green walls are serene, the chairs and tables are comfortable, and I love their little brownies with three kinds of chocolate chips in them!
\n\nI give 4 stars for the atmosphere and the menu selection.
Calling will force your query to execute and you will see where the delays are.
I will be moving forward with this solution for the moment but I will update this post if I find out anything else.
I didn't think it was possible for them to get rid of the smell in one cleaning, but the interior looks and smells new.
As I had only about 3 hours of sleep the night before at the Aloft Epicentre Hotel (due to a stupid nightclub next door playing loud music until 2:00 am on a Wednesday night) - I was really tired and dragging.\n\nThere were quite a few people in line ahead of me - but the two folks working the registers quickly whittled the line down.
My workaround is to make a copy of the form object before passing it to socket.set.
When the view loads , I want a function to run in viewController and based on its outcome , I want subpanel 1 to be visible(subpanel2 to be invisible) or subpanel2 to be visible(subpanel1 to be invisible) How can I accomplish this ?
I rate this place a solid four.
If not, email their support, or go to their forums .
He was satisfied with it, but I was disappointed since it was a special occasion and his meal definitely wasn't of birthday caliber.
Friendly service, good food and cozy atmosphere.
I'm drawing some lines in OpenGL (from C) using code like this: It works great if everything is still.
Throw the men aside and discuss with him your likes and dislikes and he'll guide you to the right dishes.\nThe chef is very flexible and can tailor Chinese Malaysian dishes to your taste.\nBeef Rendang is great but the General Tso's Red Snapper wasn't on the menu but it was great.\nOf course the Roti Canai is really excellent and authentic.
Multiple orders of soup were taken.
Basically, to run function in x seconds, use And for updating chart.js data refer to this <a href="
\n\nThey do have live music intermittently on weekends, but it is much more a sports bar than live music venue.\n\nMy band performed there in May, during the NBA Finals.
EDIT: FYI, I'm developing in Python.
I ordered their blackend cat fish sandwich with fried pickles.
Edit: @Ben, There are other view engines which compile down (NHaml is one), so those do support custom HTML helpers.
when doing login/logout to the first page so the JSESSIONID still exist the login using the second login page works fine.
When the loop is complete or when an error is passed to the callback, then handling is moved to the last function block, where you complete your call or call other callbacks as required.
It's usually the end of the week choice for a treat!
They are friendly professional reliable quick I think that's enough .
Great video store...huge selection of indy and foreign films, as well as mainstream.
A prong was bent and I had a smaller diamond missing from the band.
I'm sure not everybody is aware of the rapid growth CLT is going though.
How can they support the evil house in Harry Potter!?!?!
Drove to GSO and arrived after midnight; dropped off the key, picked up my own car and went home.
Also, none of their bread varieties impress me.
In the above code, isn't working.
The owner Richard is top-notch and knows his stuff inside and out.
The history and story behind the Thai Pavilion is remarkable and it's a can't miss.
Well, I am not sure what you really want on this.
According to Vietnamese cookbook author, Andrea Nguyen, \""as you move south the sauce gets sweeter, hotter, and more garlicky.\"" YUMMY!\n\nI thoroughly enjoy the Pho Meatball entree.
Secondly, about 5 mins of your build time is spent on building (and probably running) test projects.
\nI can get a beer or alcoholic beverage while I wait (something that's not an option at Pei Wei) (star).\nPlymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar - that's a chain first!
when you go through the go documentation it clearly tells you It is rare to Close a DB, as the DB handle is meant to be long-lived and shared between many go routines.
Any who, I got out the car and wow there was a crowd of people waiting to get in the door.
The seats are quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance.
So what is the best way to convert a local national number into an international one?
I like little indie theaters like this.
Hence, it's saying that the output started from Line 1 .
next thing i know the bartender is in my face \""waving your money around wont get you served faster\"".
Food is excellent, nice focused menu, fresh ingredients and nice wines.
It came with just the right amount of veggies (I got extra tomatoes on my half), and the perfect amount of dressing.
Short Answer: If you're using Joomla!'s default .htaccess then all you have to do is create a Joomla!
That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't...
As documentation said: Sets the alignment of the current paragraph to .
\n\nNow, as far as the ribs and wings go, I'm not a big ribs/wings person.
Tested on chromeos and windows, nothing happens.
Using it could get quite confusing really fast so here's a essentials.
Waffles (yes, they have waffles), strawberry pancakes, banana pancakes, french crepes, omelettes, sandwiches and my personal favorite, the Dutch Baby (with strawberries).
They were good dogs, had mine Chicago Style of course!
Of course, wouldn't you know we had a waitress that simply forgot about us.
Try this one, it should do exactly what you want:
I realize that Dictionary is not thread-safe.
A library specific to your use case.
Old cushy seats, patterned carpet, and odd, hotel-esque art on the walls.
A range of beer that confuses, bedazzles and quenches you thirst for quality brews.
My wife ordered a falafel plate.
I'm using google-api-python-client and imapclient libraries to try get IMAP access to Gmail.
A moment of slence please....\n\nOkay, I'm back.
If I had the extra time, I would've stayed another day.
I won't get into what the dangers of them are, but they are real and most non stick cookware will be off the market by 2015.\n\nI started looking into enamel coated cookware, Crate has a number of different varieties and bought myself a 3 piece starter set with an 8, 10, and 12 inch pans.
Do as many iterations of this as it takes.
Its like I can argue with Entropy(Gain actually) for that node will be E(S) - E(L) - E(R).
This is the classic assignment in conditional error - the expression is evaluated as following (because comparison has higher The will get a value of TRUE, which is in C.
Luna has a lot of cute clothes!
Regex - has six digits, starts with 0, 1, or 2 I need a regex that will match a number containing six digits.
Sausages are delectable and spaetzle and red cabbage is awesome.
Full Calendar Event Height in Month View I have Full calender issue here i have two events 16 to 19th events are shown in view( which is visible as 16-18th dates only) Another event from 17-18th ( which is behind the 1st event not visible though) in console.log($('#calendar').fullCalendar('clientEvents')); I get two events in expected format pls help with this
bubble - 21 seconds, 185MB of RAM .
You can make the query more complex if you need to, e.g.
The office is very nice, clean, and modern.
There are also lots of fun gimmicky deal and theme nights which just makes for a fun time if you want to participate.
I like the way they slice the meatballs at this establishment unlike other places.
wso2 am gateway forwarding of multipart/form-data post requests I am using a demo API which receives a file and note as multipart/form-data input and displays the content of the file and the note.
Found out that I didn’t override my onMeasure method correctly.
Basically, it came down to restart intellij and the plugin will show under plugins.
This...now let's take a minute here.....it's actually a hollowed out hush puppy with a shrimp filling that is all kinds of yummy.
They speak to you when you arrive/depart.
However this is not exactly what i want.
It's strange, i never face that with localisables...
Hibernate is an object-relational mapping tool (ORM).
One way to think about is this: GetMem/FreeMem simply allocate and release blocks of memory.
I don't need to say anymore than what has been said about the beds.
Splash Screen and Mdi Application c# vs 2010 I have never had the need to create a splash screen and wondered what is the best way to do it.
Whenever you scroll the window, reposition the #one element to always be on screen.
To vertically align a text in a container, multiple techniques can be used.
I am a big cheeseburger fanatic and the meat is very supple and quality.
This was my first time at taste of India.
She suggested we return and I said Thanksgiving time.
I'd say this may be the only con.\n\nLBD Scale- 9, very impressed with the place.
\n\nFor my entree I chose the dinner sushi assortment.
\n\nI honestly couldn't be happier with my experience.
The roti was fried, which I didn't prefer.
It is now fully handicapped accessible, with a bright clean new dining room and multiple bathroom stalls.
If you go into the django installation, and poke around for words like hash and salt, you should find it pretty quickly.
I picked up a hefty polypropylene cutting board on my last visit.
I am testing on HTC One X as of now.
It doesn't appear to be working, though.
The reason I took a star off was because we prepaid with one credit card at a certain rate, and upon checkout were billed again for the night for a totally different rate.
My daughter and I usually share a meal and I asked our server if that would be OK.
As a sidenote: you should use a Holder pattern so you don't have to call (which is costly) in .
(I know there are better ways writing a port scanner but this will clarify the issues I'm having ) ============ Start Example ============ ============ End Example ============ if I would scan 1000 ports with 1 thread it usually takes around 7-8 sec.
I'm really proud to be a (graduate) Royal, and you should definitely consider Queens.
My Structure window is showing all kinds of 'Undeclared Identifier' errors because the references in the Uses clause are not being found.
Storing a reference for the in the class is reasonable in this case.
The waitress mentioned they gets lots of calls.
I ignored that and ate the steamed and grilled veggies they used to garnish the plate.
and to show it: Edit: And you can use the onsubmit="JavaScriptCode" event to trigger the change.
\n\nI practically lived there when I lived in Shadyside.
I have been eating and playing poker at Picasso's for over a year now .
As far as I can tell, this always returns an object will all fields set to nil, regardless of the start of the currently signed in player.
I'm trying to read from a queue.
Not bad of a Chinese joint for Charlotte!
He will help fill your shipping needs and engage in some light chatter.
It is setup once before your program code starts.
He's always been straightforward with us about repairs and has let us know whenever a part or service was covered by warranty, even when we weren't aware of it.
Hope i was clear because im not sure how to explain it.
The entire meal came with half a dozen garlic rolls, on the house.
Batch file help please with if exist We have this printer management software that comes with built-in backup/restore command to backup its database.
The pad thai is decent and for those that do not like thai food, there is a chinese menu on the back that my friends contend has been general tso's than the authentic chinese places close by.
As mentioned in the comments, the problem is your response redirects to another url, your must handle redirects.
Successfully Installed ionic2@beta using sudo npm install -g ionic@beta ionic -v shows version 1.7.14 Uninstalled using npm uninstall -g ionic Successfully (based on printout) uninstalled ionic 2 ionic -v shows version 1.7.14 (WTF) Tried 'npm uninstall -g ionic' again Received command prompt immediately, no other outputs (no affect) ionic -v shows version 1.7.14
Probably the best night of that guys life next to his wedding (he was the bachelor).\n\nThe guy was a real champ!
Our server Larry was not only extremely knowledgeable about the menu, but he is a genuinely fun person.
To join the chorus:\n\nInsane selection (except for the sci fi - that could use some beefing up, if anyone's listening), hot ladies, well-plastered and informative bulletin board, great hours, rack of cheap used dvds and vhs's begging to be made into gag gifts, largest Criterion collection this side of, um, anywhere, candy, MST3K on in the background more often than not, offers to reserve a new flick that's checked out for no additional fee, what's not to love?\n\nNothing, that's what.
The vanilla ice cream gave it the right consistency, but the flavor wasn't right.\n\nStreet parking only, but it's barely a stone's throw from the LYNX Station so consider taking the train!
In my usercontrol there is a ListBox with checkbox-items bound to an ObservableCollection and a datagrid with a combobox.
I know that the hyphen has to be at the beginning or the end but as it's only two characters, I don't think this is the issue.
The prices are reasonable to cheap.
I'm not a football fan...not at all...but the games are always fun here.
On Sunday they offer family style for $25(Salad, Entree, Dessert).
You won't be made to feel like a steaming dog turd like at Spruce Tree Music.
A regular flatMap takes a sequence of sequences, and put all the elements into one big "flat" sequence.
The price of admission is $12 for adults for just the museum and was $24 for the Mummies exhibit, which included museum admission.That was nice because we had to wait about an hour or so for our scheduled time to see the exhibit.
But this stuff is like crack
Upgrading application to Ruby 1.8.7, Rails 3 and getting undefined method `config_accessor' for SiteSweeper:Class I'm struggling through upgrading an app to Rails 3 (Ruby 1.8.7), and my current roadblock is when running 'rake test --trace' i get the following: The error here points to code that is actually inside the Rails 3.0.11 gem (action_controller/caching/pages.rb:47) and i can't figure out why that would cause problems or why i can't find any others having this problem.
I really enjoy places that spotlight small plates allowing you to try many things.
I was very happy with the hair cut she gave me for two very big reasons:\n1.
Our experience at the Lexus dealership tops them all.
I'd really appreciate an example of how to work with many-to-many relations using JayData, and some help dealing with the issue described above.
Take a look at the OpenCV doc: For Canny : apertureSize: aperture size for the Sobel operator.
You would be better off calculating the time -- meaning the whole time, hours and minutes, not just minutes -- before printing out the time.
Little did I see/know as I finished shoveling the noodles/veggies that the rice had their own separate bowl and did not need a place on my plate...ha...oh well, there was room if needed now!
This is definitely a good place to visit when in Pittsburgh.
Which in our case woud be 9^30 = 42.391.158.275.216.203.514.294.433.201 But because it is a game the projects the player can buy per round depend on variabels like for examples coins.
(Guess now if it ever happens, you'll all know who to blame!).
- that stuff cracks me up.
I would also recommend sugarCRM because of the larger community and availability of third party plug ins, having worked with both i can say that sugarCRM's studio gives you a bit more flexibility.
The event itself was beautiful and the food was really great.
How can I change this variable in the $scope?
For once in my entire life I was not stressed out shopping.
How to get, set and select elements with data attributes?
We followed our server upstairs, past a peaceful wall-waterfall, and to our elegant table.
We're not from that area, but if we were in the neighborhood, I would consider going there again!
What really stood out was the soups...we had wedding and minestrone ...both were very hearty...and full of flavor ...\n\nWaitress was friendly and timely and lunch times prices can't be beat considering their big portions :)
I've had the best salsa here - again very simple, but very delicious - and isn't that what matters?
The half rack is HUGE compared to some other places where I've tried ribs.
Let's say my domain name is website123.com and I have a subdomain of my.website123.com I've deleted the "my" subdomain from the site and want to make sure that anyone that goes to any page with a my.website123.com URL is redirected to the main www.website123.com URL.
Shocked to read the reviews, my visits are great.
I just typed : android rotate imageview on Google...
do you have an inverseattribute above MenuID in other EF entities?
Injected JavaScript function not executing As part of an XSS flaw I'm trying to demonstrate to a client, I'm trying to inject some JavaScript that will retrieve a webpage, edit the source of that webpage, and spawn an iframe with the new source.
Around 12-2:30 I cannot say that it's never crowded early morning or early evening.*\n \nParking might be an issue.
You would not suspect it, but man they got some talented chefs back there...
For example, I'd like to make it possible that one can create a mailinglist from the forum, and give users the oportunity to add oneselfs to the mailinglist members in the forum, and then add the new list-members to the respective mailinglist on the server.
The waitress's working weekends are pretty fantastic.
You can thank me later.\n\nThe pasta is also excellent, but not as good as Dish in the South Side so I only order it if I'm with a group.
You shouldn't need the html5shiv if you're using Modernizr, as Modernizr includes the same functionality itself.
I wanted a cut while the hair was dry but I let her do what was best for her, knowing that most stylist don't work this way.
semi pseudo code, without exceptions:- Initially I just performed a sys.exit() in the def1 except:, but as mentioned previously, killing the whole program was undesirable and that it would be preferable to let the exception be thrown and let the Main control whether to call def2.
For example I wrote to work in this way: So, as you can see I'm not using an unique file for each module; all operations of a module are part of an unique function in which an action is switched again to change the result.
You need to add to your header file and connect it to your button's method.
Good salad, delicious bread and hummus.
My wife had the shrimp and grits and I had the pressed chicken.
Does HTML 5 application cache have any benefit for online apps?
Have you ever asked them if you could sit down?
This is a small business, so they don't have every kitchen item that you might want, but they have a lot of things, and commercial-grade quality.
Is your handler even being attached?
Then, for actual db code you just implement these interfaces.
What is the difference between url() and tuple for urlpatterns in Django?
Called direct to the flower shop after picking an arrangement that was listed on their website.
Regex of path not working I need to create reg-ex for path like aaaa/bbb/ccc or aaa-bbb or aaa_bbb_ccc_ddd etc How should I do that ?
My beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.\n\nLet's be clear, it is no frills, cases of beer stacked up, limited cases in the cooler.
30414093201713378043612608166064768844377641568960512000000000000 The loop method took 0.00259 seconds.
[NSURLProtocol setProperty:FOO forKey:BAR inRequest:newRequest]; I am not exactly certain of what is going on here, but from my experience I had two NSURLProtocol implementations.
When I right-clicked on the third option and clicked , I encountered the following message: Then if I choose , I'll encounter: Now I have the following processes that are shown to be running.
They are reasonably priced (about $10 for a new zipper, less for a heel replacement).
How to draw ImageView on ImageView?
Database query times out on heroku I'm stress testing an app by adding loads and loads of items and forcing it to do lots of work.
What you must do is (replace IMPLEMENTATION with the name of the implementation of the interface): As you can see, you ALWAYS tell the program what implementation to use for an interface.
At this point it was still pretty quite and nice!!
I am using the same book and had the same issue, I remove Ruby 1.9.3-p0 and install Ruby 1.9.2-p290, it is working now
Seriously.\n\nStopped there in the daytime once however to pick up some of the aforementioned deliciousness, and was put off by their carpet in the morning.
I tried a couple different ways: Attempt 1: -deadlock due to circular reference?
here is the code The problem is i can not able to fetch data for When i try enter this database query manually in mysql workbench it is working, but by code it displays null value.
For the most part, it works well.
I tried in my js file, but that shows emailcomposer page, which is unacceptable.
I'm a bit confused with the use of $scope in controllers and of scope in directives.
I've always had very nice servers.
The service was fine, and I liked the decor.
or is there any other way/ setting using which we can avoid this error?
The exception I find in my Tomcat log is the following.
Cannot make filter on rich:datatable I am working on a project and there are some parts which I have not developed.
He takes his time even if there are people waiting.
Even though it's clear on the other side of town from where I'm living, my first thought was to take her over to Compact Car to check it out.
that could be any of them.
Retrieving original class types from anonymous classes Given a class with an empty constructor and a var: When the class is instantiated with a closure, this yields an object with the underlying type of an anonymous class rather than MyClass: Is it possible to retrieve the original class type MyClass using reflection and the object myNewClassInstance, in order to create new object instances from it?
I would imagine it's tough to find a seat sometimes.
When I say that, it's because it was so low.
The food selection in the main area is not bad as well as some of the offerings in the different terminals.
There are strange items missing though...white corn, brining kits, chicken cloth, thick cut peppered bacon, fresh calves liver, tulips, anchovy stuffed peppers at the antipasto bar, store made salad dressings, pico de gallo for instance.
If you are a FETA fan, please i beg you to try the French Feta.
Is there anyway to 'automate' this process by combining about like 2000 WHILE loops of records into one result set?
The vodka sauce was lacking flavor for me.
Here's a link for more info.
Once they have done that, your security is defeasible by looking for bits of paper in their stolen wallet, etcetera.
Has anyone else experienced this, and do you have solutions?
Sorry that's the California wine snob in me talking.
What's required in order to get OAuth2 credentials for my marketplace app?
Then I use the really helpful perl script ( to convert that into a headerfile.
(at least) man being brought on stage by a bunch of dancers and they slowly took all his clothes off down to his underwear.
I was lucky enough to get Holly Kimmel on the phone and WOW, she is awesome.
But sticky and chewy and tasty.
I'm somewhat embarrassed about this review as I work in Uptown, love this kind of cooking, have known Mert's existed but have never gone!
Go, eat, have fun, forget where you are for a while.
XLS is either a typo for XSL or a reference to Microsoft's Excel spreadsheet format .
Just good old-fashioned thin crust pizza.
We truly weren't sure how to scale our tolerance; but we decided that next time we could both go hotter.\n\nWe also can't wait to try the Lunch Buffet!
As far as I could look, docs like "Using OAuth 2.0 for Server to Server Applications", "Using OAuth 2.0 for Devices", answers here, I couldn't found an article saying "Is possible to authorize an application to get files from a common Google Drive account in Devices with no browser...".
You can try the below, using String.Split which has been implemented specifically for these issues in .net.
Even better, it was the kind of meal that made us want to go back to Pittsburgh, just to eat here again.\n\nAnd it was a great deal -- $44 including tax, tip, and drinks for two people -- for a whole lot of fantastic food.
You've in the preprocessing servlet already set the in the request scope.
My project was for an on line soap company that has 5 different categories with 5 or so variations each.
If you do have a pressing safety concern though, Tim is always willing to take your car for a spin or do a quick diagnosis to let you know if something needs to be taken care of.
And buy your dry stock at Trader Joe's or the East End Food Co-Op.\nI love Whole Foods.
I also love the basil beef, but it made super hot now and I'm not sure I can hang.
Because if I did why are we still talking?\n\nRi Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in.
While I develop, I would like to see sinatra app exceptions when running tests, cosider example: Following rspec code shows no exceptions at all, if I uncomment last_response, then I see something is wrong, but I don't see what was wrong.
I am sure some of them will be useful.
After the first restoration, you append the new product String to the restored list.
setup(self), and then calling that after creating the mainWindow doesn't solve the problem.
The dot added to the name is used by the default model binder when the form is submitted in order to correctly populate the model.
The threads were easy, but comment data is not coming through.
Why does GET method responces for HEAD requesrs?
Our client prefers this feedback to be in form of a custom cursor.
www.domain.de/something he should receive content from www.domain.com/de/something And the other thing are URLs which would have to be rewritten before output so for instance user that browses domain.de would never go to domain.com at all...
The beer garden wasn't open this time of year, but still had a great visit and tried some pretty solid brews.
You can do this in two ways.
It also ensures that data is not stale as it is cleaned up after each request ends.
I heard node.js is good to learn.
I think I will stick to what I can see.
On stage, they have a huge projection screen that shows the game & they play the game audio through the speakers.
for the second part of your question: use to build a fake file object from a string (the method of nntplib accepts open file objects).
But my inexperience with Django seems to be limiting me.
I'm not sure here, but it appears like you may be confusing the with a , which refers to the scope of when you first make a connection to MySQL and when you disconnect.
Is it possible with Linq given the coordinates (lat, long) of both points?
But the problem is the browser URL still displays Why is this happening?
It was a bad cut with lots of gristle that I couldn't even cut through, so three sizable pieces couldn't be eaten.
Good food, fried fish, fried chicken.
Oh yes, and it's no smoking!
\n\nThe brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktails, appetizer, entree, and amazing still steaming home made muffins and mint chocolate scones.
\n\nThe crepes, sweet or savory are delicious!!
Yes, they have tables in the shade as well.
Had the Pumkin Stuffed French Toast today!!
Location isn't easy to find at first, but you want food, and you are in downtown, make this a perfect spot, for you and all your friends.
After writing recursion logic it gives me .
To prohibit the parameter being modified in the method where it is being used.
I understand as well that one can programmatically add strings to the dialog box during dialog init, obtaining them is another story.
What's the best way of updating the timestamp every time the user visits that topic or inserting a fresh row if one doesn't exist?
At this point, I'm really confident in going to MCN and getting a great cut, and will definitely go back.
I don't usually dine without Yelping these days, but I am *so* glad we recklessly heeded her advice.
You could tell the sauce was fresh and made from scratch since it was so sweet.
You can walk around the area and find a really good food place for alot less.
This uses relative path names starting from the root project directory so if your Users.txt file is in your src folder, you'd type "src/Users.txt".
By widget I mean an object with behavior defined in PHP and associated template that can be rendered on different pages (controller actions).
It's happen to me sometimes I get the address and not the name lat lng pairs.
They have, hands down, the best chips and salsa I've had at any Mexican restaurant.
Sorry that is poorly formulated question, my english very bad.
Fresh, bright, delicious, and presented in such a cool way.
Granted tuna is a bit bland, I was hoping for more seasoning and oomph from the Korean barbecue sauce.
Place this right after the opening body tag:
I want my api to be passed an email address and return a list of foo records that do not have a bar record created with that email address.
Then start with 6 or so rolls.
Also, if for some reason I decide to go with ES 1.1, I'm assuming a 2.0 book is the right choice?
If you don't want the previous to be shown on the back button press, you can specify this in the AndroidManifest.xml like: This will prevent the from being put into the history stack and allow the back button to quit (assuming you add the noHistory flag to every previous )
Does anyone know how to solve this?
Hello Friends!!\n\nThis \""Teeter\"" looks & feels great.
Lunch prices are awesome but you get their dinner quality of food.
I only want to give access to the folder.
The cell is edited when you press the enter button.
There were a few things that they missed but when I told them about it they took care of it.
And the sampler plate of desserts with happy anniversary was such a nice touch.
The server cannot return entire data at once.
However, the variable has no value.
I manage to do it but I'm not satisfied please if someone know a better way to do this explain it.
Surely that can't confuse the compiler, overloads in child class which can't possibly be confused with the parent class version?
You can import contacts by chunks and validate every record before saving it.
No one criticized me or made me feel bad that I hadn't gone for awhile.
When working on a model of the solar system (uom: meters) in three.js, I ran into many issues with "flickering" textures/models myself.
It is a bit tight when you walk in, but the charm soon takes over.
My family and I eat here all the time.
Pros: result is a clean debuggable code; unlimited configurability to your needs (if you have time of course); long-term investment to a dev's toolset.
There are tables and chairs, but as I mentioned...the smell is a little off-putting.
EDIT: If there are applications that are able to do reverse engineering to class diagram, there must be some easy way how to do it.
Not only did he give me one shoe to try on, but unlike other places, allowed me to try the other shoe and yes, I did a little turn on the catwalk to make sure they were right for me.
(This advice assumes you'll continue to use as the quote around the attribute and that you'll use as the quote around the JavaScript string.) So: Live Example: But , it would be much better not to use at all, which bypasses all of those hassles: Live Example : The above assumes that the values of , , and don't change after you've hooked up the handler.
I know the CSS file is structured to applyl to the smallest resolution first and then increase in resolution progressively, but wouldn't their still be a break point for less than and greater than 480px?
Hans told me he would draw something's up and have them for me the day of the appointment.
Adding metadata could be done with a companion file within the catalogue and further filtering would have to be done on the client side.
It is next door to Umi (Big Burrito's sushi place) in a trendier area of Shadyside.\n\nThe space is elegant--a waterfall adorns the interior.
Since I was in a hurry, I just told them to load it with \""everything\"".
Had the lunch fajita's which I thought were mehhh.
Word has gotten out about the magic that happens at Ri Ra though, so don't get left behind :P\n\n5/5
Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.
I was extremely pleased with my choice, because in my experience hot and sour soup is a very hit or miss dish.
If you have 2 instances, you shouldn't have noticed an entire outage (just 1 machine going down at a time).
Oh and like others have said, they are NOT OPEN on TUESDAYS.
The steak and lobster were both delicious, though.\n\nThe service was impeccable.
You can also sign their guest book while you're there.\n\nThe guys working here were extremely nice.
For the meals we had Tour di Mare which has three small portions of their creamy shrimp Alfredo, shrimp scampi fritta which are a new item of lightly fried shrimp tossed in a garlic and white wine sauce!
This is some thick soup, and filling, and for 2.50, you get a pint\n\n- Moohamara.
The nature center has some good displays as well.
You can also build your application for "Any CPU" and dynamically choose which DLL to load.
On a bad connection, players could have completed achievements and even get a score.
I am having trouble finding any examples of this with C3.js.
The best way to go about handling the differences between sizes is either through the nib /storyboard or programmatically within a single application.
\n\nNow I know a lot of you will say, why not just go for the sweet then, but I've gotta have my savory before I have my sweet.
MS Access Compare all fields in two tables I am working on a project that has a definite start and end date, with data that will be produced daily.
for above data , output will be i.e.
At that point it calls System.gc(); and the memory gets cleaned up.
The flavor is excellent and there's plenty of cumin to spare.
Consistently polite, clean, reliable, and safe.
The web service would take 2% of the payment that goes to I guess a separate account for the website.
Center_loss looks like mean square error but instead of comparing values to fixed labels, it compares values to data updated at each iteration.
Our waiter suggested a few nice bars in the area - which we appreciated because we are not familiar with the Charlotte area.
I did land and sea, but was mad that I didn't go with the classic.
My Thai yellow tail was really flavorful, the pineapple infused sticky rice was really lame.\n\nThe decor was a little cold where I think the decorator was going for casual chic.
Both entrees had a decent fried crunchy texture and a note of fruit.
The reason for this is that "_.without" does not accept as argument the array of items to be excluded as a single array ([]) argument See here _.without to accept array as second argument apply , which is part of the JS Function.prototype, here is a workaround to inject the excluding items in a single array argument
The Problem is that this is no real solution for me because I have approx.
Dinners are complimentary to hotels guests Monday - Thursday.
You could use this: If this was your url: To redirect you can use it like this in your view: If this was your url: To redirect you can use it like this in your view: To have a view that could receive an optional value you would need 2 urls: And then your view:
In general, it's best to avoid GetMem/FreeMem unless all you really need is a raw block of memory with no type semantics associated with it.
You can do that directly or (and this is probably cleaner) use the and method: If you read out the favoriteflavor key, you will get back “vanilla”: To remove the item, you can use — can you guess?
I had spent more than double that at Villa Antonio a few months back for my wife's 30th bday and did not have as nice of a time.
I'd highly recommend Cafe Luna to anybody!
According to this issue ( The F8 sample app has a ZoomableImage module (
The restaurant is located right in the Elizabeth area in a converted house.
And when the page gets loaded, do a postback to that function via JS.
Paul the bartender served us stoli doli's(sp?), their signature martini.
The problem is that after sending to coalesce paremeter it makes quotes around it: but it should be: how can I solve this problem?
It's a pretty large airport and the maps come in handy trying to navigate.
what you have to do to solve this problem is explicitly define the height of the input and then also define the font-size.
Why am I using the word \""nostrils\"" in a restaurant review?
Here is a plot showing the solution to this equation regarding a single value of for an array of values.
Besides the quesadilla my other two favorites are two vegetarian sandwiches Fallafel and Jeniffer, I'm not vegetarian but they are delicious.
Our site saw traffic from Google drop significantly yesterday (only 5% traffic left in overnight) .
A fragment of xml is: screenshot xml fragment The content of file created is this one line string: function Prova() { try { var sVal = TheApplication().InvokeMethod("LookupValue","FS_ACTIVITY_CLASS","CIM_FAC18"); var recordFound = searchRecord(sVal); if(!recordFound) { this.InvokeMethod("NewRecordCustom"); this.BusComp().SetFieldValue("Class",sVal); this.BusComp().WriteRecord(); } } catch(e) { throw(e); } finally { sVal = null; } }
Eventually the loop will end and nothing will be returned.) You can put a catch-all return statement at the bottom of your method doing something like returning , or perhaps even throwing an which will allow you to not "return anything"
Apple could have done a much better job on this API.
RecyclerView's textview store/restore state in android fragment not working I am developing one android application my problem structure is like this.
In the summer or early fall, it's a great place to hang out as the windows are open and you can feel the nice breeze.
I would have assumed again that this is because something is removed for the purposes of the example in the question, but then again your compiler is complaining as well.
The place fills up during lunch.
The interpretation of the neuron output depends upon the problem under consideration @Seephore In principle, there is no limit on the number of hidden layers that can be used in an artificial neural network.
Does anyone know if java has this debugging ability or am I stuck constantly using the Variables tab?
SelectNoteViewController.h: SelectNoteViewController.m: Select now has the structure to do be a delegate for Edit.
Distinctly Pittsburgh on the outside, but easily one of the best examples of homes from that era on the interior.
Heck the waitresses know more about beer than I do!
After eating all that grilled food, I craved something sweet and refreshing.
If you could help me out that would be awesome because I need this finished!
Malaysian is their specialty and they do it very well.
Or maybe the cat sat on the keyboard and produced a random glob of characters.
They've got two barns full of parts, pretty much anything you need.
Symfony 2: How to dynamically adjust configuration parameters For my (THE APPLICATION ITSELF, NOT A REUSABLE BUNDLE) I have a configuration parameter that is a path.
The crapes are simple, but always good.
The hashbrowns were pretty good too.
I do understand how someone looking at a $15 plate of \""Chinese\"" food could wonder why he or she is paying more for less than your standard Chinese restaurant, but it's never bothered me.
Alex Myrick (the owner) actually got up and sang with the band and played harmonica.
I took myself out on a date to celebrate the end of the semester teaching at ITT at Maharani last night.
The work-around I've found is to just add an extra space between the command and first argument!
Youre question is confusing on the output you are trying to achieve but, you could use a like this: then you can acsess those values from on variable More on lists
Any advice on how to correctly implement a pretty big value object?
This Caribou is in a small shopping plaza that most people probably breeze right past, so the traffic is a little light.
How this applies to the above code is that you are taking the image and you want to represent the image using only k possible colours.
Of course, this is not classical BFS anymore: the order is broken.
By far the best Pho in the area and over many places I have visited.
(Maybe they grow their buffaloes differently in Florida?
Currently 120,000 words is around 12meg, the actual file the words are read from is around 900kb.
Perl script to split a file and process then concatenate based on size and a string Could somebody help me to get some logic to following in perl I am using windows 7.
\n\nThe crowd normally seems to be mostly young professionals including a lot of after work stop-ins like bankers and lawyers.
These East-coast bagel gurus give good bread!
They used their London Cab to come and pick us up at the hospital even though it was out of their cab range.
When I asked what they had on tap (expecting to be handed a beer list) the bartender responded: \""I don't know...We have a lot\"".
We are using TeeCharts for Xamarin.Forms however, it doesn't seem to support WinRT as a platform.
(BTW, isn't it so fun to see him out and about Charlotte?
i'm hoping for another solution - since i am the next guy.
Restricting method execution from other class method Somebody asked me this question and I am not able to find out the solution, I have a class with method and : : and a class with method and : Considering multithreading environment i want to stop execution of b1 when a1 is called and same applies for b2 and a2.
The stylist that ended up doing my hair was Chris and she was fantastic!
Every instance of the class shares its static methods.) You are probably looking for an abstract class which lets you have both methods (methods that must be implemented by non-abstract subclasses) and normal methods that can be given implementation in the class itself (subclasses have the option to override them of course).
You should be picking the best possible move available to that player at that time, and ignoring all other possibilities completely because you only care about the "best" line of play.
Will definitely return if I'm in town again!
Looking for something entertaining to do with family visiting from out-of-town, I took them to the Levine Museum of the New South.
But it depends on what you want, perhaps you mean instead of
This place is like, I imagine, many others throughout Wisconsin.
\n\nI first want to say that it was a pleasure to work with everyone!
Must be missing something though so any help is appreciated!
No matter what you decide to go with, you should always choose the Lobster Mac N Cheese as a side.
\n\nWe stayed in the Mentor room, which was spacious and had a hot tub but no shower, so I used the shared shower across the hall since there weren't many guests during that weekend.
I wanted to do it without spawning a new process wanted to know if it was possible.
specifies the column type, not the temporary parameter types that are used in the SQL statements.
I don't usually write reviews but after the experience I had at that salon I think it's worth writing a review to mention the professionalism and the positive attitude of the salon.
I choose the veggie crepe, with mushrooms, spinach and tomatoes.
PrimeFaces PickList : two String fields filter I was wondering if it's possible to have a two fields filter with a picklist of primefaces.
When the family moved to New York City after Henry Clay struck it rich in the steel business, they kept their house in Pittsburgh for return visits to the city; 93% of what's in the house is original to the Frick family, which always makes a house tour more interesting to me.
Great work ethic, quality people, honest pricing and great customer service!
Any suggestions of how to resolve it other than moving to Google Drive API?
Edit the schema.xml file and find the solr.TextField that you are using.
BUT in your case, you're only interested in objects in unique groups, so it's then better to create a custom Comparator for the occasion, which you then supply to the Set, telling it to use it, instead of "natural ordering".
Any thoughts on how to do what I'm after?
If you're limited to Fixed Point math, proper scaling should be made after the operation (Rule of Thumb, built to keep the image mean, says the sum of all filter coefficients should be 1, hence you need the scaling).
The combined flavors were very enjoyable with the standout being the sauce.
The bakery is dangerous as well!!
This allowed Microsoft Multiplan and Microsoft Excel to use the same serial date system used by Lotus 1-2-3 and provide greater compatibility with Lotus 1-2-3.
Our server was very attentive and helpful.
Maybe you should try to create such structures rather than just sending your buffer ?
in such cases you can do the following Create a descendant of your control and set that should do the trick
In fact, even though we had specifically asked the cradle in the reservation made one month in advance, no one to check in told us that they did not have cots.
I've lived in Allegheny County my whole life, but only went to the Original Oyster House for the first time today.
In general I suggest that you should not be pushing to heroku manually.
This is how it'd be done in PHP below.
The additional fields appear if you choose the second radio button.
Plot frequency of a value of 2 factors in the same plot in R I'd like to plot the frequency of a variable color coded for 2 factor levels for example blue bars should be the hist of level A and green the hist of level B both n the same graph?
Put this in your app.config: And then in your code, access it using:
When we walked in...we just walked in.
and compared there background with the my elements ....
Writing block placement strategy is extremely complicated and risky.
Also, is there any information I've included in my sample that would become redundant after utilizing provided suggestions?
request only htaccess auth for one of many domains I have a system where x domains could lead to the same folder on the server.
I was in Uptown for an all-day meeting and looking for someplace to go on my lunch break.
Coming from NYC, we are used to waitstaff coming before you're even ready to order and almost pushing you out of your seat to let the next group of diners in!
Lunched here on a recent visit.
Accepts insurance & FSA...if you work downtown, I recommend him.
The dishes are a little less innovative than Tamari's, but they are generally well thought-out and well prepared.
If your table size was odd, with the same constant step, you would not run in this problem while there was still space in the table.
What is the difference between object and Object in the above code?
As we get closer to home we realize we are starving and need to grab take-out or else we will die.\nMy Pakistani guy suggests Maharajah East.
However, the dinner experience was wonderful.\n\nWe both got combo meals, he the chicken curry and I the fish curry.
John made us fish and a filet and both were really good.
We love their cookies and pastries, going there for goodies is a time honored special treat.
What about the other way round, getting the value of b for any given a?
\n\nAnyway, we had a fun time here.
The permanent exhibits at Discovery Place are fun for kids of all ages and the exhibitions are top notch as well.
Close the excel input file (inputstream) Open same excel file in output mode (outputstream) Write content of updated workbook in output file Close output excel file Sample:
I got a two piece white with two sides.
The food was really good and the drinks were relatively reasonably priced for the surroundings, great place to take a date...or spouse.
Then right next to it add a table view with sections.
Once, the is mounted, it will automatically trigger the rendering of .
I had the carrot cake yummy!!
Even then, the process will still be stopped if resources are low, and re-started when resources are free.
On the packaging entry for aoepeople/composer-installers you will notice the replaces section: And since is not available on packagist composer will deliver you .
The reason I'm using canvas is that I believe that it will scale the image automatically for me.
This year they added a whole new section of the gym- and even a yoga studio!
You are going to require an array formula¹ or SUMPRODUCT , neither of which handles 'thousands of rows' well due to the logrythmic taxation of cyclic processing.
is a tutorial that shows how to do this and is linked to a github that has source code.
Just dont go here on New Year's Eve or Christmas Eve...
I tried this simple bit of code but I get compile errors: Errors: I also tried making the lambda expression an auto variable but I got a different set of errors.
Best General Tso's chicken I have ever had, and I'm Chinese.
Whichever comes first.\n\nIf you really love coffee, come here.
How this is done I am not certain either but I think that it might be int he load function.
How can I declare a global variable in "ruby on rails"?
How to set the cursor position at the end of a string in a text field using jQuery?
You have to set theme of particular Activity or complete application to (I think you can specify only ).
Or you can wait a bit for "git submodule split" ( thread on git mailing list ) to make it into git...
If you end up here soon get the Monkfish with Lobster Tempura it was soooooo good!!!
Thanks, Ben A simplified version of my code is below - Code:
Is there a reason this C# DLL won't show up?
\n\nThe have free wifi throughout the Stadium which was a first for me.
the array implementation is correct and preferred.
I don't like breaded stuff but it was very tasty.
Four stars because it was the first grocery store I saw that sold something called, \""Smack Ramen.\"" Why this is so amusing to me, I still don't know.
I would change this and maybe it will fix your problem.
My flights have almost always departed on time.
Methods in this class never throw I/O exceptions, although some of its constructors may.
See: Hopefully this is what you were looking for.
Still I cant get the app to run correctly.
Great Southern food and lovely service.
Thus, in the context of this example, instances of with different type parameters would never be in a subtype relationship with each other.
I do like that they have a variety of shops and food outlets to choose from, especially a full Chili's in the airport.
You are only catching objects, and is not a subclass of .
Per other reviews, we chose to go to Sunday brunch.
Does this have to do with padding?
Both were cooked perfect and my steak was seasoned perfect.
Of all our car buying experiences, she demonstrated the most skill and made the experience the most fun and least stressful.\n\nYour dealership worked with us from the start - even though it was late on Saturday, getting us the vehicle was not a problem.
I will be returning for my pizza fix again and again and again...
This is seriously one of the BEST dishes I've ever had in a restaurant.
\n\nThe husband and wife team that own Starmount Cleaners work six days a week and they have not yet invested in a computerized order taking system.
Because 'Z' creates another smooth path segment connecting start and end point, you get that small loop.
PUMPKIN (the best in town).\n\nLori's Raspberry French Toast is the obligatory first dine, just stay away from the other iterations that aren't first coated in corn flakes prior to landing on the griddle.\n\nThe jumbots, eggs benedict, and potato pancakes all also represent fantastic choices.
If you have a face and a mouth and can chew food, you will surely love Blue!!
Everyone in the neighborhood knows each other and you're bound to run into someone you know.\n\nGreat place for ice cream and making memories.
It's the way they are toasted and the cheese caramelizes--and the dressing is just perfect.
Tell them you think that and move on with your movie.
Most likely you rather need to wrap each hash within its own array (so you can later to double iteration).
(unfortunately on the opposite side of the parking lot entrance).
However, I don't know how to use the CHtml::submitButton onClick in the other button.
I've used this blog post to set it all up, with the minor modification that I documented here .
However, when I declare a variable x and assign it 14*(256/20)+(256/20), that being exactly 192.00, ceil(x) returns 193.
Delicious sweet sauce to dip in.
It's a great place on a nice night.
You can access the Recordset components of the shaped Recordset programmatically or through an appropriate visual control.
Then a FULL plate of noodles/veggies...as I'm eating, I see the rice start an say oh \""SH&T\"" and start to eat faster while my wife watches and is content letting her plate rise with goodness and not concerned about \""timing\"".
The event involved free adoption to qualified adopters, free micro-chipping for any pet (adopted there or elsewhere), free dog baths, and goodies for both human and furry companions.\n\nI had plans to get Little Man E microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away (don't worry, we've talked about it and he is fine by it), but when this popped up and said it was free.
As a result, you cannot normally load two files that have names differing only by extension as the generated .xnb files would have conflicting names.
Should I kill existing threads each time the UITableViewCell is reused?
GREAT JOB and thank you Hendrick Lexus for your excellent customer service!
In the heart of the theater district separated from PNC Park by only the Clemente Bridge, close to plenty of solid dining options, walking distance from Heinz Field, walking distance to nightlife .
The front has tall tables and chairs (like bar stool height) and the back has booths and 6 flatscreen TV's.
Creating a list of most popular posts of the past week - Wordpress I have created a widget for my Wordpress platform that displays the most popular posts of the week.
I am always astounded by the beauty of this theater.
However, be careful of what you wish for - watch next time I will get stuck =( ::crosses fingers::\n\nI really do wish all airports were as lovely...i mean why wouldn't you create a nice structure if you know everyone from all over the world are going to be frequenting it?!?
Once you have that you can do:
Potomac Bakery is pretty darn wonderful - this is one of the places my family will often go to when we need a cake or cookies for special events.
For example, I've observed that most TT's are hashtag or proper nouns.
How can I make the MDIForm to be called and not visible till all loaded?
If you don't want to initialize the vector, but still want to reserve the space, you can also use vector.reserve()
I absolutely love this place, and let me tell you why.\n\nI first discovered their delectable bread at the farmer's market a few months ago.
Especially when I have lower level seats, but the upper level is not bad just lots of walking......not good with a toddler........that being said the pregame fire and cannon sounds scared the life out of my son...lol.......and then we got a little wet from all the rain but thankfully they have nice open air areas by concessions to sit and watch the game until the rain passed over.
I'm creating an animation for my website where I got different divs containing an image and an aside where I put my text describing something related to the image.
Per the iterated solutions via comments in the selected answer...
You can have a List for data and pass the data to viewpager adapter in constructor and in view pager you can pass the data to fragment in getItem() function.
This does not need to result in a red circle (e.g.
But, one thing I definitely appreciate about the bar is the bar menu.
Variable expressions are non-standard and are not supported by gfortran ( link to the documentation).
Video play on hover I have a selection of video thumbnails that I want to trigger to play/pause on hover.
The Cajun rub is good too.\n\nDecor-wise, Peanutz is focused largely on Pittsburgh sports -- there are two large display cases with all sorts of sports memorabilia.
\n\nI would stay here again in Pittsburgh if I can get a good rate.
There is a Windows 8.1 system that receives both the images and the UDP packets, and an application running on it that should be able to match each image with the UDP packet from the PLC.
50$pp minimum @ the sushi bar?
You may find that this can be implemented more easily with a PHP framework but its better to have a handle on what is happening if you intend to do any code work.
Jost Change Api level 22 or 23.
Couldn't get him to leave and we must go back.
Both bottles are there spiced wine.
Just reverse the order of your two input fields; the first one will be on the left.
Great food and wide selection of draft beers.
is there any available configuration to enable report PDF downloaded with one of the columns having sorted values?
Get actual size of a gzip file in android I am using GZIPInputStream to download pdf file I want to show the download progress of the file on a UI button.
\n\nWhat I can tell you is that I had never been disappointed with anything I've ordered here.
Consider this for loop you have here Say ballList has 2 balls in it both age 3, the first loops gets ball[0] and then removes it from the list, i will increment and the loop will immediately exit because ballList.size() is now 1.
Tucked away behind Outback Steakhouse on Pineville Matthews this is a place not to be missed.
\n\nWe started our dinner with the fried green tomato appetizer.
The exhibit was very interesting and I would recommend checking it before Nov.
Raise an event from inside native c function?
We first had eaten indoors and went outside to the festival afterwards into the night.
here is what i have so far.
Does it make sense to wrap single elements, such as an image, into a section tag?
ASP.NET Identity Fluent NHibernate bind the mappings: In this docs is written: First you need install the package: After you installed you need to bind the mappings: How and where?
Serving static files with Nginx + Gunicorn + Django This is my nginx config: My settings.py looks like: My supervisord.conf file looks like: The problem is that static files don't get served and I have no idea what I'm doing wrong.
That's a tough job, it's heartbreaking, but in some cases it has to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society.
Note that you'll need to initialize with the flag , or else the will block if it hasn't expired yet rather than fail, but you already do that.
The other food is good too, so don't overlook it.
nice and crispy, just like i like it.
Macaroni salad was tasty and I love the different drinks they have to offer along with the candy on the counters.
It doesn't matter if the hyperlink is text or an image, it still appears.
Or you could add the option to tell find to use extended regular expressions instead.
My boyfriend had the lasagna, and when I asked him if he liked it (as I stared at the empty plate), he said \""Yeah, but it's not as good as yours.\"" Someone was just being nice because I am not that good of a cook, trust me.
You get two free personal training sessions when you join.
Staff are great - friendly and helpful.
I wanted to get a second option.
First off, this is a USED bookstore, yet a large majority of their books are in almost new shape.
I managed to get my program to run by copying a 32-bit version of the DLL file from another application on my harddisk to my program's directory.
I want to embed a link in email for file already attached in email message using JavaMail API.
jQuery alert text in option from select tag I have a select code with two option.
It runs in exponential time (which is bad to start with) but I am surprised it is so slow even for n = 12 and h = 9.
For me, the best solution seems to use the linked resources of Eclipse.
Though, performance is also a reason (assuming you are already aware of the internal String pool maintained for making sure that the same String object is used more than once without having to create/re-claim it those many times), but the main reason why String has been made immutable in Java is 'Security'.
created by SetUnhandledExceptionFilter, or minidumpwritedump()) with source, using Visual Studio 2008 Express?
Google Cloud Print is built on the idea that printing can be more intuitive, accessible, and useful.
For that, use the Pearson correlation, here in a PHP function:
The front desk was very welcoming.
When I implemented Disc_OnChecked to Set to true it produced the error.
The query is timing out on the test environment which is using the basic Heroku shared database.
\nThey have really good prices on tea, and they sell coffee too!
My grandmother lives in Washington, PA.
How can I resolve this issue.
I found the pesto a bit overpowering and could have skipped it altogether, but if it did need to be served on pesto I would have preferred a traditional style pesto.
Where some buffets will be too heavy on the sauce, so that it can survive hours on the warming tray, the food here was almost like a large portion that you'd get had your table ordered it yourself.\n\nThus, you were able to really enjoy.
We love the magic behind the mirrors in the bathroom.
She goes there, and they treat her like she is one of their own.\nNow, having said this, we haven't taken advantage of the boarding or doggie day-care services.
The baked beans were pure flavor country.
While airports in general are not my destinations of choice, this one isn't half bad.
As mentioned before, the barbers do listen to you & cut your hair just the way you ask them.
How can I search and delete this user if this is the case?
Do I need to install Visual Studio C# Express 2010 for instance?
They can install it with iTunes (see : ) Crashlitics is a good alternative to TestFlight too.
First check all outlet connection are correct or not.
Even after you do unlock it, there's no room for you to put anything there, and I was too afraid of getting charged if anything was moved.\n\nInternet does cost around $13 a night, which is fairly high, but at this point, I've accepted the charges for internet is an expense I will be paying.\n\nThe gym at this Westin is amazing.
But if you switch to some other program and back, the menu appears.
You don't need it because both files are in the same location.
how i can manage memory for new rootViewController for window.
\nWonderful Midcentury landmark building with updated interior.
Been to Rock bottom multiple times, just as always had a great time.
Typically I'm a little leery about dining out during this week as i have had several bad experiences.
Not tall enough for the big slide (48\""), but she was not fazed.\n\nThe accommodations in the shower/bathroom left something to be desired, e.g.
I have also created my own new solution and attempted to install the NuGet package and the same error occurs.
There are a few folks that have mentioned on here that the chili is from a can.
The fried oysters are the best ever and so is the Diane!
A bit strong and salty but good every once in a while.\n1.5 - Home Fries\n2.5 - Red Skin Potatoes: glad to see some slightly healthier yet not too healthy side dishes here.
My data source has 2 items: "All" and "Home" When I select one, I execute a certain task.
My phone seems to function better without it for some reason.
Where do you want to go?\""\n\""Um...
For general-purpose programming, the decimal system is likely to be the only number system you'll ever use.
Grew up seeing Nutcracker every year.
I really enjoyed the bbq pork ribs, I highly recommend them!
You can use a relative path to include a config file.
Look for sources titled "C for Scientists" or "C for engineers".
They have a restaurant that offers supposedly healthier food but we never had any luck with the food there.
If your program is a GUI then it is a good idea to run the serial port code in a separate worker thread.
Your question is not clear enough, However lets say that the code above is working.
SE_ERR_ACCESSDENIED = 5 The operating system denied access to the specified file.
Goal here is not only to get the result but rather understand the syntax.
Why does my MVC 4 Project Partially Run on Production IIS 7 Server We have a ASP.NET MVC 4 project containing a number of controllers, models and views.
Love the food at Outback but not a big fan of some of the appetizers.
The values from JSON are read as string and you are passing a string to and not a locator(not a object) Change it way and voila !
i added a PlaneGeometry and some tests to detect if cubes reach limit x or y of the new PlaneGeometry.
I was in awe at how beautiful the old buildings were.\n\nLike others, I could write on and on about how great this school is.
The best part about poached eggs is sopping up the extra yolk with bread and it just tasted better with the sauce of the lamb soaking into the sourdough to soften it up a bit.
\n\nI like the white rocking chairs in the middle area.
Gross, effektiv, schnell und kurze Wege.
I've been hearing how great people's is from friends, so decided to check them out.
Try using this method to get the running service.
I also found another script that would do the job, but it would only apply to the on page HTML element, and NOT to the content inside the div containing the externally loaded content.
The access token only lasts for an hour and there is not way to change this.
No mapping found for HTTP request with URI [] in DispatcherServlet with name 'spring' I am having problem in viewresolver in spring framework .
so my question is, can I directly edit the string resources from the xml file?
Everything was super fresh, our Waiter was totally on the ball and the perfect mesh of attentive without being intrusive, plus he totally didn't judge me for my third order of french toast.
It really didn't have a chance, considering it was brought out with the shrimp scampi.\n\nMy friend ordered the Pasta Christopher which had red peppers, chicken, and sausage mixed in with penne.
Objects allow you to group data and methods into meaningful units, which can then be re-used and maintained more easily.
Or a private script willing to share?
Custom Control Initialization exception I have a custom windows control that inherits from class which I am trying to use in my other project.
Take the oddness of this list and multiply it by 3...
Throw in a random Steeler (hi Charlie Batch) or Pens sighting and you've got a hip place!
After trying all of the other solutions here without success, I skeptically tried the solution found in this article , and got it to work.
I need to convert the int into an hex value (later into a string) as I am accessing the memory of a uC.
\n\nAfter I had acquired my bounty of Wolf Parade and Stephen Malkmus discs, it was time for the final test...
The potential problem I have is that everyauth requires the connect.session helper.
My dad got the Pasta Trio, and it was hilariously awesome to watch three different guys come by with big bowls, delivering their delicious wares to his plate.
For example, if comparing 's, the string is probably better, as 's won't pass an equality test unless they are the same instance (regardless of what value they represent).
This is problematic because I sometimes introduce bugs when I am extending the code or trying to simplify an algorithm.
I had a minor concern, and they took care of it quickly and perfectly!
Darryhl is a nice lady and a great barttender
C# itself doesn't offer anything built in that you could override in this regard.
There's clearly something about what I am doing that is causing this but I'm not sure where to look next.
You need target paragraph thus use then use
It would also be important to keep things as much "html5"-ish as possible and also taking performance into account.
The shetler staff care deeply about the animal AND the human's well-being!
However I am unable to get jenkins to actually check out the code from bitbucket.
Now that the new version of eclipse is out should I move to immediately?
The intent that my app sends, ends up just going back to itself (my app).
Upgrading comment to an answer; Seems you are using instead of for xlsx.
Even amongst so many good offerings in Madison, this diner stands out.
Full docs here Or update field only when changes (again django-dirtyfields) by write own save() method like.
I don't know if it was just me, but I could not get my hands on wifi without some kind of payment.\n\nThe staff has been friendly as I don't think that the bathroom help is a nuisance and they do a good job.
launch command line from java without knowing OS Is there a way to launch the command line from java without knowing OS?
You may find my intro post helpful (it goes into more of the "why's"), and the FAQ also has lots of great references.
If you live close enough, get curbside pick-up, or just find somewhere else.
Definitely the type of shop you want to have working on your vehicle, and I would absolutely go back.
\n\nThey are known for their \""Little Rock Special\"" which is a cheesesteak, not bad but I prefer their cold subs.
\n\nThe electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable, and tried to pressure me into buying a different TV by repeating marketing lingo, but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them, so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics.
Standout item was the beans & greens which were very fresh.
Web.Release.config) and include it in your project.
I have a selection list which in HTML looks like this: With jQuery I would like to achieve that ONLY the currently selected option gets a red color.
Is it possible to define the asset name in a custom XNA content processor?
The problem is that the view controller using the delay function persists even after dismissal.
Definitely get the fried mushrooms, you won't be disapointed.
But she hates the Smiley cookie.
\n\nFor your main course there's about 12 different options to choose from, including the pasta trio of the day!
It's been almost a week since my mani and pedi and it's still going strong.
Their big washers can even handle TWO queen bed spreads at a time and it still has enough elbow room to agitate the clothes to get them nice and clean.
I'm sure this varies from one person to the next.
Pseudocode: I'm pretty sure I'm not the first one who "invented" it.
The etouffe was spot on, shrimp and grits creamy, the Cajun popcorn was a delightful surprise and the scampi unlike any other ever tried.
They have a very large selection of sandwiches and a large salad bar.
The returning value has the escape characters included and I'm not sure how to keep it from returning the extra characters.
Pick your meat and then it is filled to the brim with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, and cheese.
\n\nSERVICE IS TERRIBLE they are incredibly rude.
What seems especially dumb is if the user grants the app the "publish_stream" permission, you can automatically make a wall post along the lines of "I just scored 77777 in MySuperGame!".
If you and your dog want to feel at home this is the place to go.
The display name is broken /with escape characters/.
You might want to investigate the PerceptualDiff library.
\n\nOne major drawback: nowhere in the store did I see a sign mentioning that there's a $10 minimum if you want to use a debit or credit card.
It was the best I ever had.
Hey presto, hidden input fields that'll be automatically serialized!
Definitely a fan of the vibe - we sat up on the roof patio and it was like a garden oasis in the middle of the Baum/Center eyesore.
Can anyone help me with this ?
The brunch service is basically a four course meal: fruit, breads, entree, dessert!
As a contrast to the rather bland, rushed meal I ate yesterday at Subway, I suggested he and I try this place.
The cake was moist and delicious and the frosting was nothing short of decadent.\n\nMerts portions are huge.
For most of my small-to-medium-size home and yard needs, I'll skip the trip to Home Depot or Menards and stick to my neighborhood Ace Hardware.
New Activity issuing nullpointerexception I am trying to start a new activity to display a list of results from a search.
I've noticed this happens with Redshift/Flyway if the schema or table name contains characters in mixed case.
Edit: There was a bug before where it wasn't showing parent siblings.
Great variety of beer and wine.
I just don't really like someone handling valuable part of my life in files I don't own.
\nThe crepes and coffee are really good, and they have a great selection of French tea.
He wasn't even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there, but they were super helpful and brought him out to us and let us take him home.
My children are a completely different ball game.
Nothing like getting a relaxing Mani/pedi with a glass of wine!
For example - 054654 or 198098 or 265876.
I loaded this exact file onto my WAMP server locally and everything worked perfectly fine: You might want to change this at the bottom of the page: src=" There is nothing wrong with your code and the HTML5 shiv and respond.js has nothing to do with your menu not working...
So you will enjoy a dinner.
You'll find that many open-source projects follow the directory structure used by Maven .
- int, current battery voltage in millivolts - int, current battery temperature in tenths of a degree Centigrade
How do I display a list of items from a Bean onto a JSF webpage?
In this scenario a call to exec would print an E_NOTICE and a E_WARNING.
Is the list something closely related with Z's responsibilities or more with Y's?
It worked originally on the computer that I created the project on, but it now will no longer work on any computer that I have attempted to use.
Apart from that, I don't know of any pure-PHP implementations of scripting languages.
I've had many sloppy nights here and made many stranger friends.
XML is one choice among many for serialization.
loop for a file automatically iterates over its lines; is a list comprehension, that is a shorter way of doing: Or as Jon Clements suggested, if you really want to sort the lines by their numerical value, but keeping them as string:
Thank god Michelle reviewed this place.
They are also very large portions, so definitely can share one dish between 2 people.
I've been/lived all over the United States now, there really isn't a better place to buy the basics than the Regent Food Market, \""Joes\"", \""The Little Store\"".
They could've charged $7-10 for most of the items on this tapas menu and made a killing but nope they're giving it to you as part of the buffet, score!
They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank!
They only accept cash, so come prepared.
Everything after goes at the end of the buffer.
The fresh rolls were good, but I wasn't a fan of the sauce they came with (reminded me of an Indian fig sort of thick sauce) and the duck sauce wasn't meshing well with it either.\n\nI ordered the General Tofu and while I feel like I'm piggy-backing onto Elizabeth's review, it was true that the tofu was PERFECT.
Pass on the spinach pie though, it's not very good.
I've tried doing the install in verbose mode, but it still doesn't say what file it cannot find in that case.
There is no low end of purchase to get this offer - I bought a pack of gum for under a dollar and they asked if I wanted a newspaper.
These birds were once the rulers of the sky, swooping down on irritating prey like rats and skunks in the blink of an eye...
angular.js nested directive scope scope attribute I would like to to a "map" tag witch should contains "marker" tags.
The place is handy if you're with a large group.
Use and then store the styles in there: CSS JQuery You can add any styles to any element like this and remove them too.
One of the best places to buy coffee in the city.
Also, if I put the parameter in the link, eg.
I find the Ajax Form plugin a good tool for the job.
Good portion size for the money.
Those would at least be more usable than a function specifically to create a .
I'm trying to save start-up time and also occupy required space by having them exist permanently.
Integer or floats values other than 0 are treated as True: Similarly, empty lists, sets, dicts, empty string, None, etc are treated as false:
I went for the lunch buffet.
Go to the admin and see what theme/template you are using for your store.
You will probably want to consume the PayPal API.
I haven't tried much of the food except for the wings, which are good and a safe bet if you don't know what to order.
When I saw it on the plate, I didn't think it was very much but it ended up being the perfect amount.
What more can you ask for?
There might be a more straightforward way but if you've got the object, you can always just substitute the coordinates of your point into the equation of the curve.
If I send a line of text, it works fine.
I get error which I suspect is due to the not knowing the context.
SonarQube Plugin for Jenkins does not find SonarQube Scanner executable I am trying to run the SonarQube Scanner within Jenkins as a post-build step.
Now I need to draw the corresponding UML class diagram and it seems a very knotty problem for me.
Besides, sometimes my internet connection seems to be cut - as I cannot surf on any website - but this specific issue does not appear every time.
You'll also need to make the styles forcing it to inline block.
She doled out a trayful of Olde Meck Coppers and we set ourselves to achieving the night.\nWe were led to a corner table near the glassed wall of the little balcony at the back.
And I understand, it's not "source" files.
Is your sort truly async or does it just take a function as a parameter?
The engineering team is engaged in solving this.
The response is the actual contents of the php file itself.
DSCS have a better story (generally) than centralized systems for offline or slow networks.
Nick's has legit New York Style pizza.
If you add some minutes to your time, the time should be changed, meaning the minutes and/or hours members should be updated.
), require : You'll need to adjust that relative path if you have subdirs.
Everytime I travel to Charlotte and stay at the Marriott City Center I visit Champions.
Scenario: Page1 page 2 js1 js2 The problem is the file.php doens't take the variable "city" and "room" .I would like to parse the 2 variable to file.php when page2 load first time.
We ordered the tomato garlic bisque, which was delicious.
Native threads : Each Java instance is backed by a native OS thread.
This did help, reducing the time by a couple hundred ms, so that was great.
With a 1000*5 when i perform a svd i get a S matrix with 5*5 .
\n\nwait wasnt tooo bad (5-10 min maybe).
If this didn't use running status then the bytes you would see are: Because all the controller messages are contiguous and are for the same channel, the status byte can be omitted.
You can find a sample config in this maven-bundle-plugin tutorial .
The first thing I've checked is but this counter doesn't reset by next pushes and apps still remain active even with .
We first went to Basmati and honestly I thought we were doomed.
These classes implement ISerializable which, doesn't like to play nice with the WCF service when I update.
I'm ok with that most times, but the wait staff of the night obviously put some effort into looking crisp, and it added to the high class feel of the place.
At the entrance they post upcoming author/book signing events (unfortunately they tend to be mid-day on weekdays when most are at work).
Java - Structuring the flow of data in GUI from input to output I'm putting together a GUI with a couple of panels.
The easiest way is to simply select both fields by selecting the first field, and then while holding down the Ctrl key selecting the second field.
What I assumed to happen here is the records read as input by hadoop go out of sequence ie.
How to enable authorization with the Spring Batch Admin UI I'm integrating the Spring Batch Admin UI into my batch-jobs application.
But the format of the files is far from code examples and a bit weird.
Truth be told, I was a little apprehensive that the Omakase would include a few courses of maki, especially since the table next to us seemed to be busy wolfing down California rolls.\n\nAll in all, an excellent tasting menu.
We are using Weblogic 11g cluster environment for deploying this application.
If I will try to select the last "e" from that sentence, it will select the first occurence of "e" and it will wrap like e , but i wanted to select the last "e".
I decided to take my husband to Casbah for his birthday on friday night.
I would reccommend pep, sausage and onion.
It was recently on the Food Network too so I'm not the only one that feels that way!
I took a stab at this in PHP a while ago (mostly as an exercise) in my Apache Directory List Theming project .
Second issue, is that instead showing the filtered results only, it appends the filtered collection to the end of the rendered content instead of replacing it.I know append in my ._each function won't work because it will only append the filtered items to the end of the entire collection.
Your JSON needs those backslashes escaped.
They won't be able to install and run the app (until they upgrade the OS on their device to that of the Deployment Target or above).
Great outdoor seating on a nice day!
Great view of PNC Park from our room.
\n\nI'm so used to the old sckool you get the food at the counter and bring it to your table, I'm still a little uncomfortable with them bringing it to us...
1st method If those parts are hardcoded you could simply change your links adding before : would become 2nd method You could use as Marc suggested (assuming your assets folder is : Or using a redirection Note 303 See Other response code which seems more appropriate
type statements meaning the definition is never seen (though you seem to have discounted that in a comment).
No Activity is defined to handle intent.
This is our spot in Madison for comfort food.
You need to develop a crawler to perform this task.
I am aware of the Web Farm Framework and that is an option, however I don't like the idea of the controller server being the weakest link in the chain.
Sadly, I moved out of Pittsburgh and I know it will be a struggle to find somewhere as fabulous as Dean.
should just be If that isn't the case, you should try and find out what exactly is but I believe this is your problem.
Set the ThreadContexts property for the log file name.
I have a segue to a navigation controller and need to pass data to the top view controller in its stack.
I personally verified that for domain classes there is a big hit in terms of performances.
\n\nThe brunch buffet is in a room with a giant tapestry of Neuschwanstein behind the guys at the omelet bar.
The only bad thing is that it's too close to where we live, so I can expect my sugar intake to go through the roof now.\n\nAs you walk up, it's easy to be overwhelmed by the signage and menu, as they seem to have everything that you could ever imagine.
I searched and i found this page for MPI_Type: IBM Knowledge Center-MPI Data Types .
Any suggestions || directions would be very appreciated.
It a great experience and we love going to Morton's!
It uses selenium RC to run Firefox with a battery of tests, so I can call arbitrary javascript.
Except for the MySQL sollution postet above, you may use php in a very similar style: You can use the session id as a start for the random number generator and than shuffle the array using that "random" number.
What happens when there are non-ASCII-Characters inside the TestString?
What this basically means is that you wish to disable .
Good!\n It's not the most comfy lookin spot, the booths are a bit stiff sometimes, but it's Fiesta, get over it.
is the dimension of your data.
What more could I ask for?
Using the correct terminology has many benefits, for example you'll find that you start to understand the language used in error messages better.
For a mutable collection, use .
in IE6 and IE7 a gray border appears around the images..
It comes with a beautiful char, perfectly cooked to perfection, with nary a blemish to be found.
I also had a side of gumbo , which honestly tasted a bit like chili.
No ad in AdMob example (Android Studio) I downloaded an ad example: but when I run it on a device it shows no ad (online mode of the project).
Using File Manager One of the easy and basic ways to change the permissions is through File manager in cPanel.
I'm working on migrating an internal system to Django and have run into a few wrinkles.
Both pastas also came with salads before the meal and both my girlfriend and I ordered the house balsamic dressing.
Because it's Pittsburgh, the chicken salad comes with french fries.
I went there with a big group & saw SuperTuesday (great cover band, 1st time seeing them) This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.
How do I configure my VNC server and viewer to remotely view an xvfb (X virtual frame buffer) on a Linux machine?
Note that mapping the buffer to access its contents will still block if the complete contents hasn't finished transferring, so it will still not be any faster.
no need to wrap in (a promise in a promise..
If you sign up on their email list, you can get coupons and special offers on their coffee, teas, smoothies and packaged coffee.
I mean $6 got me eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes.
I think the best way to store those coordinates is to create a very simple class for each country which have just a 2D tab(first D is for geopoint number, the second D has a size of 2 and contains lat or long) With you coordinates list, you can create a list of (using and ) and call to chack if the point X,Y is inside your country.
He had me drop off his leather jacket to have a tear repaired last year and they did a fantastic job.
The testing culture has really raised the bar in Perl programming, and there's a lot of work that teases out platform dependencies, cross-module issues, and so on without the original developer having to do much.
Why does svn authz need read access by default?
The default settings are pretty low.
Unity3D: Trying to make a custom Sleep/Wait function in C# All this started yesterday when I use that code for make a snippet: From: The problem is that I want to set a static variable from a class of that type: Which is the problem?
How to find data by dynamic conditions on Rails?
IMO I don't think mutating the parameter values is a bad practice in general, it depends on how you're going to use it in your code.
\n\nNot to mention all of these guys are artists and you can see their art work displayed at each of their stations and in the art gallery connected to their shop.
I don't know how they do it but they should be proud.\n\nLike other reviews add, the layover amenities here are great.
What's a birthday dinner without \""cake\""!?!
The staff are friendly and you don't wait long for your food.
The process might look like this: Use a carefully formed regex to split the JavaScript code string based on these in this order: comment blocks comment lines quoted strings both single and double quotes (remembering to contend with escaping of characters).
Then, I avoid all the dependency issues associated with all these other approaches.
Dining room seating usually tends to take longer and the servers aren't as attentive, definitely not good for a quick lunch.
Did you know that you can stack a Whole Foods coupon with a manufacturer's coupon?
I'd have the entire content in an , with each book in a .
I tried their Italian Beef and its \""meh\"".
Please include the latest jQuery Lib.
See my article on reference and value types for more information.
As you can see this depends on the implementation for you component.
It was so good, I need to order it next time.\n\nMy brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home.
Ebay Shop Template - 'Other Items' Link Randomly Appearing/Disappearing?
The ice cream is rich and creamy-- it has a distinct texture from other ice creams places...
They also do call ahead seating, a definite plus.
If you're executing from an interrupt context, having properly configured interrupt priorities will stop other interrupts from triggering.
At the beginning of the connection, client announces what suite will it use.
The problem is that, sometimes, when i call launchPurchaseFlow(), the method onActivityResult() of my FragmentActivity is not called.
I think there was a Chinese grandmother in the kitchen, lovingly preparing meals to be served, but even if not that's how I felt after eating here.
Thus, the Open function should be called just once.
I was wondering what language the CLion IDE was written in, and what Library is used to make the graphics for it.
The Entity Framework does exactly that, and very well.
Unlimited daily pasta selection served table-side.
It's very clean here and the golf course isn't bad!
Looking through their market section & had a question - Brittany was just walking by but was quite helpful.
How to select sql query for two table with multiple values in php I have two tables in my SQL Server database.
\n\nStarbucks check, by now those of you who read my reviews should know that SB is a symbol of civilization that comforts me when I am away from home.
Another approach, if what the scripts are required to do is constrained by the domain, is to implement a Domain Specific Language (DSL).
We were both surprised by the shredded zucchini, but it was delicious and an excellent addition the crispy yet soft calamari.\n\nFor entrees I ordered the gnocchi, and my gf ordered the pesto.
I personally preferred the first one.\n\nMy favorite food item was my entree.
This is an impressive review for me to give a restaurant as I consider myself an avid foodie.
The service here cannot be beat!
- It was cash only last time I checked.
It's at the entrance to terminal D.
I tried adding the javadocs into the project, but either I did it wrong, or there is something wrong with the format of the javadocs.
I have created a class in the controller public void Reminder() , but now im stuck
\n\nThe home fires are off the hook too.
The chai is absolutely delicious!\n\nI am there almost every weekend for their lunch buffet.
My husband and I got married there in August 2014.
Im from LA, so id like to think I know a thing or two about mexican food and I can honestly say this place is a homerun!
This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites.
The location is great and the room was pretty comfortable.
To walk in and be greeted by name is a nice feeling.
Forgive me for not being accurate enough, but there was a delicious chocolate piece, cheesecake with lemon curd and blueberries.
But when talking about a button that invokes a back-end behavior, you should also be doing back-end validation on all requests.
If I did I would haul away windows, chairs, mantlepieces, desks, and file cabinets in mass quantities.
This would vary depending on what indeed it is you're dealing with - the general logic is going to be completely different for a 3D application compared to a 2D windowing system.
But to me, eating whole and healthy and protecting my body is not a luxury, it's a necessity.\nI also like that there is no pharmacy in Whole Foods.
After hours of digging I realised I had old redundant plugin code in several different directories, I deleted all plugins from the following directories, along with the android.json file: Once I had removed all this I then added the plugin This appears to have fixed everything for me so hopefully it'll help someone else!
Luckily Drupal 7 makes this pretty easy to do.
Simply the most unique night life experience that Charlotte has to offer.\n\nIf you don't like 80's music, or similarly, don't have any sense of humor or humility, this place isn't for you.
Met Rx Protein Bar with 32 grams of whey protein isolate\n4.
I've looked at this example: It has to do with inserting a textblock on top of the button, but when the text adjusts sometimes the new text becomes too small because the text does not wrap for some reason...
EDIT: did some more digging and that option does appear in the lxml soure here .
As for the pancakes, they were simply the best I've had, which says a lot considering I'm not a huge fan of pancakes in general.\n\nThis filling lunch was well worth my $8.
I reinstall postgresql to no avail.
Food is fresh, well seasoned & hot when it arrives to your table.
Since this Sets the opacity INSTANT to 0, you would use the animation(); Use stop() before you do animation, else it will cause flickering when you hover it fast.
The goal of the lesson was to demonstrate how the "mail" function in php works, and to that end they gave the following code to use as an example (edited for brevity/context): ----------------------------------EDIT----------------------------------- Per request, here is the results of : Everything works as expected except that I would receive no emails after filling out and submitting the form.
We took the tour through the kitchen on the way to our table, nice touch.
Your Help will be highly appreciated.
Lots of folks in my office stalk the menu for taco salad day as well.
This Target is a good one.
You should be using a instead, something like this: That code executes in a fraction of a second.
Or instead, just get a plate of those garlic knots.
Do I need to fill adapter again?
This is being done with no regard for inherent margins of error and sample bias, with no regard for any sort of proper interpretation.
It may seem a bug in CloudBerry explorer.
Without knowing this, the programmer (and the compiler) has no idea what the members of are.
After what we thought was 'adequate' wait time, we peered a bit over the fence and down towards the man (who we think may have been the owner).
She seemed to have gotten more attentive and fast towards the end, or maybe it's because I wasn't hungry anymore so I didn't care.\n\nThe beer was pricy - Tuesday night I had a maker's sour for the same price as a pint of beer...
The daily specials are worth watching - the 10 wings for $5 on Monday is a bargain!!\n\nSince they don't serve cheapo food or beer, the price reflects that.
I've tried this style and got no luck only the red border gone and left me with the blue one.
This is the code you would use: $f = new phpFlickr("[api key]"); $f->setProxy("localhost", "8181"); After that, all of your calls will be automatically made through your proxy server.
Recently I had several issues with my vehicle and needed additional consultation and repairs, including one incident while I was out of town.
I find it to be romantic and quant.
I want to be able to define a '_header.gsp' which includes all the shared resources across the app: For each specific view template I will include this _header.gsp with a dictionary to fill in the view-specific requirements: This is not working, and I'm sure my syntax is wrong somewhere.
Savant is a lightweight, pure PHP templating engine.
For automatic tracing of all processes add to config: And you'll get traces, default path is: So your trace will have name /tmp/trace.$PID.xt There you should be able to see last called fuction before process crash.
I surprised my wife with a visit to Blue the other night and as usual we were impressed.
What do those three files do?
This is the best Chinese in campus-town.
It can help to keep your user names unique.
They first time In was there they refused to serve my friend a salad, insisting on fresh southern veggies instead.
\n\nThe brat - Nothing to write home about.
The food was simply very good traditional italian.
I love hosting large groups here!
I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future.
It's a great mix of people who are friendly and there to enjoy the beer/food.
Given the following entity: What would be the best way to get the records from the current month?
Okay, so from what I have read I have tried this with jQuery: I do not know how to move this into an array or add the transition, AND..
I'm at a loss to explain why but I only hope that it stays that way.\n\nI had Thai ice tea, chicken satay, fried shrimp, pot stickers & Larb.
Another option is to use the much more up-to-date , on Github here .
I know I need to set but I need to know how can this property be set to the current tab of the so that the shake gesture is recognised by all tabs.
1) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience.
I can't find a definitive answer but it seems like I would need to know the Content-Length before I do a Range request.
My facialist was so lovely and warm and she massaged love and kindness into my skin using Aveda's magical all natural products.
There's no spice, little flavor, and it's gotten to the point where I just don't really go out, because I'm sick of wasting my money on mediocre food.\n\nIt got to the point where I thought my tastebuds were dying.\n\nEnter Monty's Blue Plate.
But, All of them are loaded in iframe (iframe page to different page but in same domain) to avoid slowing down page load.
This way will return premium and admin users.
The jalapeno ranch was made in house and was great.
What an amazing place this is!!
Large flat screen TV, electric fireplace, and lounging chairs!
to point to the teradata installed versions worked for me.
Darren and I came here last weekend, and I liked it very much.
Here's the code: The problem is that the image doesn't show although the browser recognizes it (i can see it in the page title), instead I get the image URL printed out.
//////////////////////////////Controller/////////////////////////////// ////////////////////////Person-Model/////////////////////////////// ////////////////////////////PersonDetail-Model////////////////////// /////////////////////////////PersonRepository////////////////////// //////////////////////PersonDetailReppository///////////////////// /////////////////////////////////index.html///////////////////// /////////////////////////persons//////////////////////////// ////////////////////////////////////personform///////////////////// ///////////////////////////////////personshow///////////////////////
The drinks were good and the bartenders were attentive, so no complaints there!
There is most definitely BAD pizza, and you have only to look at most major chains to find it.
\n\nHardee's is one of the places I go to when I head down south from Chicago.
You then group those points so that whichever points are closest to any of these k points, you assign those points to belong to that particular group ( ).
If lines of code are a concern you can use auto-implemented properties: You can later add logic to the get/set accessors without breaking users of your class.
The function takes a rid as an argument and performs a select query from that rid.
Black Screen after splash screen iOS, Swift, Xcode 6.4 I'm using Xcode 6.4 my apps stimulator build successfully then splash screen then a black screen appear and it was stack.
When a person stops viewing the report, the respective index is destroyed.
Counting depends on a size of the vector, training corpus and a document.
Loved her wine selection suggestions, as well as dinner entree recommendations!\nThe Paccheri Alla Siciliana was a wonderful marinara sauce tossed with eggplant Fresh Bufula Mozzarella balls and was delicious!
If this is a problem try to use the mode, then the driver will run inside your cluster on one of the nodes.
Id get all 3 courses as dessert if i could.
To achieve this, I'll need to convert it into a NSString, but which encoding should I choose?
Overall, the food was a 3-4 for me.
If you are not using any other event functions in your main game, you should call to allow Pygame to handle internal actions , such as joystick information.
So what can I do to query this class using LINQ expressions?
Also when it late towards closing, I don't see them being as attentive long.
The only complaint I would offer here is that our waitress seemed to be very disinterested in her job.
Since twig 1.12.2 you can use : For older version you can use :
W (his name is long and confusing to spell...
Glad to have an easily accessible church downtown!
There is nothing like the indo peanut.
Your problem is thinking of the state as being all the permutations of what people can see.
Potomac is the best bakery in the South Hills.
Harmony, on the other hand, manages to come through quite nicely in the food department.\n\nI had a walnut burger and an order of their potato chips which they apparently make fresh.
Bottom line other then the lackluster decor and sometimes dirty looking floors this place was a sweet treat for those of us who are used to some variety!
You can screen grab and colour it in if that's easier.
The HTMLFormElement object/type has an checkValidity method you can use to check that.
There are some details about the constructing process (see When the returned object is the same as it can be omitted, as it will be returned by default If returning some primitive type, null, or something different (described in the other SO answer) also will be returned.
Stopped by here after seeing a movie across the street.
Since we came so late, we were the only people there (excluding the group at the food area) so we had the track for ourselves.
In order to combat this, I used display:inline-block on the text container.
You could also assign these "numbers" to characters, and interpret a sequence of bytes as text.
\n\nThe Cutter's Cigar bar which I talk about in a separate review and Champions Sports bar with lots of TVs and good lookin men standing around in grape clusters.
I bought some Rye bread and Italian 5 grain.
John Skeet wrote C# in Depth , not VB in Depth .
I had been there once before about 3 years ago.
To make it really simple, I have tried the following two with the errors indicated below.
Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction.
By non CRUD operations you have to find the proper verb and probably define a new resource.
I wish we'd had more time here - this place was a blast.
I'm kind of glad it had a low rating previously to keep y'all away while I was living in Pittsburgh!
I made sure the DLL was loaded before I ran the enumerating function.
It is a hidden restaurant right in uptown Charlotte.
There is no reason to precook them and let them stew in their own grease.
I bought a 1-year old S60 here a few years ago and was very happy with the experience:\n\n* The price I was given was fair- it was not much above the blue book value.
I want to find the best way to check whether a keystroke is actually a character.
I'm guessing I could convert these fields using a computed field with .
here k have value that is rgb(255,255,255) (white) but the if loop sud be excuted but else part executed...
Our whole family loves going here.
Using the current Spring Security 4.0.1, the Configurer will create a SessionRegistry only on demand and (it looks like) not as a registered bean component.
How to get token from server BrainTree How do I get the token from my server?
I'm 6'1, about 225lbs, and I thought all this southern comfort food would leave me heavy; but nope, it was just the right amount, and all for 15 dollars, with a coke.
Note that from April 2013 (" Branch and Tag Labels For Commit Pages "): Any commit can mention the branch it is part of: If the commit is not on the default branch, the indicator will show the branches which contain the commit.
It was well done, but I felt like it was simply too huge a portion to really be an appetizer/salad.
Another button then to write this same data to a file.
They tend to be faster, which is really noticable for developers (using TDD) who do lots of check-ins.
The number and size of lanes makes up for the small amount of time you spend in the locker room and outside of the pool.
One of the ways to do this could be create "anchor" table from all possible data from all three tables and then use :
We were there celebrating birthdays on a Sunday afternoon.
Update: I talked to an engineer at WWDC 2016 about this, and he confirmed it was a bug.
They did a great job and we got our baby back in a reasonable time!
This sequence works fine for me: Also, make sure that you REALLY need that cache.
Or gem out there that does this?
My only complaint is that they didn't have the UFC fight on there.
Maybe by running the compiler or assembler with certain options?
The menu they give you is the one you will be making choices from for you stay.
You could do something like this:
You can visit Local Databases with SQLiteOpenHelper for SQLite Database.
The decorations there were beautiful and made me feel like I had to drink tea with my pinky out.
\n\nThe only reason it's not a 5 star place is the decor and cleanliness.
This link may help: cscope_vim But cscope+vim cannot update tags automatically; you need to update yourself or get it done with some shell script.
I would create a function for and that would get a type of parameter, would determine the type and use it, handling all possible cases.
But I'm throwing an on the path when it tries to use .
Overall, a solid airport in the States!
I'm not really sure what the routing would look like for something like this, as you could have many filters in the URL.
2.Why does it appear horizontal scroll bar when I set 'container''s width to 100 percent (same as foot part)?
they at ban field vets have a traveling aviary doctor which was a little inconvenient seeing as I needed one that day.\nthe bird toys are slim for large birds.
so,you can see that even strings s and s3 are equal,output is wrong.Therefore,in this scenario like program in question Equals method must be used.
The customer service here is amazing!
It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.
I don't go to Red Robin because I'm in the mood for some robin carpaccio, and I don't go to the Silk Elephant because I'm in the mood for some broiled pachyderms.
I tried my best to convince my wife not to buy that Volvo..I didn't mean to type that.
My only qualm with Dick & Arnie's is that they accept cash or check only so be aware of that before making a visit.
You need OR if you want use Zend_Db_Select
Either way, it's a nice easy walk from the Hilton and I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in town.
I'm using a postDelayed runnable thread, I need to pause and resume that thread when I press a button.
To the right side is a sitdown restaurant with a bar and the left side is a casual quick stop shop with a counter to order at (which is where I chose to go).
I'm really starting to rack up those Marriott points now.
For detecting multiple dots(...) as well your function would look like this:
Now, the application should support chinese char and I do not wanto to change every query by adding the N char in front of the string to specify.
I personally rank this place as the best sushi restaurant in town.
The had so many semisweet chips in them I thought they were stuffed pancakes at first!
I'm pretty sure I just stood there in awe for a minute before taking a few more hesitant steps inside.
Nice people, and they never screw up my tailoring.
To be fair, I told him that I had an impacted wisdom tooth when I came in for the consultation, so he was probably just focused on that.
The food was really good it was nice and warm so thats always a plus.
If you look at the contents of , you'll see it calls the binary: Command binaries usually have a argument.
It's a long standing tradition of downtown Champaign.
Our glasses were always filled, as was our breadbasket.
The Village Green, I call it the VG for very good.
You can use the enter_text method to enter text in a webview (in addition to any other android widget).
\n\nThanks to the honest wait staff it was returned to the managers who I contacted and had the pleasure of speaking with Curtis Stevenson who took down my address and promptly mailed it back to me.\n\nI appreciate Curtis taking the time to return my valuable tool to me immediately.\nHe understood my needs and took fantastic care of his customer.\nThanks Harper's and especially Curtis Stevenson!
EDIT_001: TechZen, very much appreciated (fantastic answer as always) can I add one further bit to the question before making it accepted.
You can explicitly set TerminationGracePeriodSeconds to zero in the PodSpec to obtain the old behavior.
You pretty much need to use the same code to add in the row, but then you have to manually update the row index of every row after the row you insert.
1 of the pages looks like this: The following code is working.
it was more than enough food.
There are a variety, like Burnt Almond Torte, Cookies and Cream, Pumpkin cheesecake, Vanilla Raspberry, German Chocolate, and so on.
Ordered several different sushi rolls and was not disappointed....fresh and presentation was good.
Bartender Sam was very friendly and attentive.
But don't let that stop you from visiting Restoration Hardware!
The back patio filled with plants and water features is definitely one of the highlights during the warmer months.
Has many recipes on it; vegetables, chicken or pork shish kabobs(yes,heard me right, shish kabobs on a pizza), honestly one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.
In particular, see the code in the comments in .
Even though my experience in Discovery Place's theater wasn't as breathtaking, I am glad that we have one in town.\n\nI also recently checked out the Pompeii exhibit, which was a lot of fun.
However, now I need to work with some many-to-many relationships and can't seem to get it to work right.
Another option is to just use Resharper's To-do Explorer window, which you probably already have and if not, should have.
Just a simple refreshment stand, a few restrooms, old tube televisions playing previews and some movie posters lining the walls.
I am sorry if this is a very basic question.
Very welcoming, very clean and and great place to get your sweat on!
This time it was just a simple oil and transmission fluid change, and a battery/alternator check.\n\nI love how they come out to the waiting area and teach you about how your car works.
By in arrays, we mean dimensions of in them.
Are there any other methods of doing this?
Very friendly staff, free wireless, and lots of seating make this a great uptown spot for a coffe break.
What can I do to improve the speed?
I don't know that this is related, but it is the only significant thing that changed between when I ran the project each time.
The command line you have includes which you assure use contains the function.
a fridge and microwave in some rooms too.
So good that I had to go back today and they are still fantastic and the shelves were socked full at 9:30am with plenty of choices and the prices are great.
This visibility is specific to GCC (and probably to ELF shared libraries such as those on Linux).
Tucked away on the north side of Madison.
You need to use the place.Search function of The Wikimapia API and enter the latitude, longitude and the name of the place as parameters.
The decor leaves something to be desired.
It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.\n\nOrdered the quattro formaggi pizza.
I'm in search for the best stylist when it comes to curly hair.
So far I have established the connection between client and server and am able to unicast and multicast messages between logged in users by writing send and receive in a single coroutine but this makes the clients block on either send or receive.
I have profiled it using n = 10 and h = 7.
It would be really appreciated if someone can tell me whether there is any way of achieving this.
My fiance usually gets the walleye and loves it.
Oh and the fries are awe-frickin-some!!
I guess it's a hard thing to do.
It doesn't do anything other than show a list of thumbnails for all of the images and PDF files in a given directory.
But I always go around noon so maybe those people are just going at the wrong time.
What it means is that software project can be good (i.e.
@jon-m answer needs to be updated to reflect the latest changes to paperclip, in order for this to work needs to change to something like: A bit convoluted as @jwadsack mentioned using method accomplishes the same and seems like a better, cleaner way to do this IMHO.
There is a room off the main dining room to support larger groups, a full bar, and a great menu.
i also got to sample their hummus and dry-rub bbq wings, both of which were also super tasty.\nthe service is always really friendly here too.
How does the roTextureManager image cache behave?
Prosciutto and capicola with lettuce, tomato, and banana peppers is a personal favorite.
Then attach the adorner to the ellipse's adorner layer.
This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant.
Also, I tried changing the second one to s///e, to no effect.
not sure url is str or other types you can do like this: or
