if people cant follow simple instructions and end up wasting their time, thats on them and their idiocy, not on you.
for wanting to help your friend (and get your money back), but partially an asshole for apparently constantly offering unwanted (although good) advice.
you have no idea who "bee" really is.
you tried to do something nice for him.
being at a long distance can naturally raise questions.
i hate to be that guy but everyone judges everyone over social media.
but you gotta remember that for a big portion of her life she was used to having you around, and that she probably does miss you and wants to keep the connection alive.
if u were asking for help that was more time consuming then u would have probably been the asshole.
i hate those kind of people.
holy shit  for not wanting to associate with child molestaters.
be patient, especially if you really need it.
but if he's not making a big deal of it then maybe don't bring it up either.
think of it like a game and you're all setting the rules.
i wish you the best of luck with this, what an uncomfortable situation.
it's not nearly as central to anyone else though and she needs to support others.
he wasn’t being very forthcoming with his location & you’re not obligated to stick around in the cold indefinitely.
in the slightest, i think you handled it with a good sense of humor.
this is awful and you've been more than patient and accommodating.
aren't most of fortnite purchases cosmetic anyway?
he needs help with his severe insecurity.
being too independent is an interesting complaint.
sounds like they need you more than you need them, if they give you shit then bail.
explain it to people and they will understand.
it is okay and completely normal to not want to be friends or lose that connection you once had with someone.
unless you're willing to stoop so low as to try and break them up.
your roommate also sounds like a real piece of work.
the video game part actually struck a nerve because isn’t that what friends do?
&#x200b; "she says they’re just friends" "he was a guy who she was considering having a threesome with" &#x200b; pick one.
i’m not sure the chain of command here but i think management needs to step up.
, they were sitting where they shouldn’t, if anything have the other people pay for the furniture
definitely call the cops on him if he tries anything too.
like you said, they could have taken that from exec bonuses or had lower profits or something like that.
it doesn't make you an asshole, just makes you more of a trailblazer.
op, don't be dumb and you're .
you sound like such a kind, lovely, decent person.
your boss is going to protect you on this one and you did nothing wrong.
you're  for cutting ties with her- i'd be pissed, too.
him saying that “i’ll be quiet” response wasn’t because you were too harsh.
i don’t think this situation will improve unless she sincerely realizes that she needs to cut him off completely.
ill do incident #2 first: : you made plans, they were in the calender, he's an adult, he should have remembered or checked his calendar before making new plans with friend.
you do not want these people near you.
no  lol, if you say "hey can i get a thing?" the normal person response is "hey, yeah sure." not "hey" then "hey" *awkward pause* "yeah so can i get a thing?"
you're literally delusional in this story if you think she didn't cheat on you.
news of assholery like freud’s deserves to be spread around, especially if they’re going to take it upon themselves to slander you.
i wouldn't co-sign, especially when you don't have a ring on it.
she usually did it with her mouth full of food.
i would ask her if she can do that instead.
my boyfriend has the same insecurities and i would be so pleased for him and encouraging if he felt comfortable enough to do something like that.
some kids do really scream bloody murder as their usual cry, but how would you know that?
i’ve never understood the why people feel tipping is mandatory.
that’s actually super annoying to deal with.
you can go out with whomever you like
what might be a “level 6” pain for you could be a “level 10” pain for them because they’ve never experienced anything worse.
you have nine months to adjust to the idea of being a father.
go see a therapist, reddit is great for advice on small choices, but this is your life and relationship.
i would ask your bf if he knew he wanted to buy stuff off you.
sometimes it's better for them not to live
(but dont be one of those assholes that screenshots and shares)
i think you should stand your ground.
would've made more sense between semesters.
i will say that she is likely being defensive because she is insecure about her ability to train/socialize her dog, because i feel like that when my dog exhibits behaviours i wish i had been better at correcting.
i know this because something similar happened to me around 5 years ago.....twice.
do you really think a baby will make her happy?
he's the asshole getting belligerently drunk and getting angry all the time it seems.
with mental illness involved and this guy's very recent history of fighting with police officers you have every reason to feel unsafe.
the toiletries is a little more subjective, but you’re being honest and fair, and not trashing the place.
i'm saying that in the kindest way possible.
what i mean by that is if your whole intent was to get her back you never should have dumped her.
do what you need to do to be happy and good luck with your new job 💕
you need to talk to him and tell him pretty much what you posted here.
your cousin wasn't helping by adding fuel to the fire but i'd say you can have a clear conscious.
it’s always better to be included rather than excluded.
although there was a reason why people used to wait until marriage that doesn’t have much to do with religion or tradition - people don’t buy the cow when they’re getting the milk for free.
you shouldnt be having another kid if you both dont want a kid.
business and friendship do not mix well ever.
maybe you took the joking to far but that i don't think getting hit with a bottle was ok.
i just think, if you want the relationship to last, you realllly got to make sure you tell/show your gf how much you appreciate her making those drives and how much they mean to you.
you've had enough poisonous attitude from them.
it's completely inappropriate for her to treat you like one, especially if what you say is true about how she's treated you in the past.
you are not a line of credit or a charity.
op you have take your own journey with your wife.
the best time to have conversations about drinking is when she’s sober and you aren’t in an argument, if you decide to broach the topic again.
facebook (and presumably instagram) has a force logout of devices.
i have an older sister a lot like that except instead of bragging about it (which is absolutely insane, like creepy serial killer-y) she just pretends it doesn't happen and loves to talk about how happy and close she is with me and our younger sister.
it doesn't sound like she was being malicious.
, but sure sounded like you were gonna be!
however, if you carry that over to how you treat your family, particularly the new baby, you will quickly become the asshole.
if not, see if she's willing to back down now.
i can't see you staying together, sorry.
those beeps are designed to be annoying.
overall it doesn't really seem like much of a problem, just keep it to yourself.
it's tough but no you're .
honestly, i think it would be great if she did, but at the same time if you had a license or could otherwise get a different form of transportation, you wouldn't need to worry about that issue.
you weren't doing it out of malice, but it sounds like that guy in the van was looking to pick a fight and just be antagonistic.
talk to an attorney and best of luck with ordeal mate, i hope it works out for you.
the lady who parks with wheels turned is, but apart from asking her to stop, i don't know what else you can do?
if he isn't even communicating these things to you, yet expecting blind support, i would say that's a major red flag in my eyes.
, how would you be a asshole for having sex with a single, consenting girl?
when will you ever again have the money for 500 of shoes?
you caught him in a series of lies and attempting to defraud a client.
a lot of times it doesn't look good when someone shows all their "flaws" early on especially with mental health issues.
it's called a schedule for a reason.
also i hope you said that bark like a dog thing as playful as you say, because i would tell my husband to fuck off if he ever said that to me
not infidelity or anything, the relationship was just dying and neither of us realised.
about the money, i mean in a way he does probably have a right for you to pay him back.
- he *offered* to watch it with you, knowing full well what sort of things horror movies can have in them, then reacted badly about it.
maybe you should stand your ground about it and bring this directly up to them, but certainly you aren't an asshole here.
why would you be the asshole for offering someone free food and them declining and wanting whatever else you had?
you gave him plenty of time and chances and he just waffled and counted on always being under mommy’s wing.
just make sure you go through all the fine print for the competition first to make sure that taxes and stuff aren't taken out.
it’s not your fault you don’t want to bring someone you didn’t know about.
her friend should have given her a seat.
just think, would she prefer the opposite?
your husband isn’t a single man.
you both have to be on the same page when you set boundaries for this guy.
your kid motivates you get your crap in order and do better.
and they really got upset when you called them out?
also the chance of accidental consumption of it’s easily accessible, or the child deciding to find out what happens when you eat it, is a risk and the consequences of that are too great.
ask yourself if this is worth making a stand and potentially getting your parents off side.
>she is a therapist >some things include telling me i’m going to ruin j’s life.
at first he sounds crazy but he might be a lonely guy and you might be one of his only friends.
together, make the decision once and for all, will you be in a relationship or are you moving on?
your parents are ones who are making it weird.
i'm also assuming the kids aren't triplets?
for you, drugs are a deal breaker in a relationship, and that's absolutely okay.
if you don't feel like doing something sexual, you are totally in the right to not want to do it.
but i think you’re being unreasonably bitter about the fact that they moved it.
hs is the asshole for not doing his job properly.
ah, to be young again and be so filled with rage you question your existence.
&#x200b; hell write her an email back and explicitly tell her "why would i feel bad that someone that was very abusive to me for years is now hopefully dying?
but despite not sharing the feeling, i'd advise to be there for your friend.
, but just keep your relationship on a positive level.
there's no pleading ignorance that it's not just bad because it's someone else's but also that they're screwing with a disabled person.
you just defended yourself but ppl.
then it’s scarring to deal with 😭 oh i didn’t actually answer your question.
maybe you could try a different approach, like putting into perspective how much you guys should be putting into savings each month/suggesting an "allowance" for "both of you"/framing it in a way that it becomes an issue that you guys can address more as a team and less of him immediately getting defensive.
if you are upfront with your brother and explain your feelings.
you can’t control how they react and there’s no use caring about someone who doesn’t want you and threatened to kill you thinks.
don't budge on the parking thing though.
i always hate when this happens, because the situations are always tricky.
you were way more polite than i would have been.
if it happens at least once a day, you’re still bad at it.
thankfully 3 hrs away is a significant hurdle.
maybe, if she doesn't like him a lot anyway, she will decide to stay home for you.
was this dude rowing with a crutch?
he was very angry and annoyed when i opted to kick him off my account completely, but at the end of the day he manned up and bought his own account so we could play together.
would you ask for the pregnant woman’s food because you have allergies?
what happened to “use your words”?
your mother, however, seems to have the bizarre idea that she is entitled to your money just because she gave birth and raised you.
because it's a small amount, but it's reeeeally annoying to be repaid in quarters.
first of all, it doesn't sound to me like you're mad about receiving a phone, you just prefer the old phone to the new one and have actual reasons for it.
you should never feel like you have to remain in a situation where you're being made to feel uncomfortable, and any decent friend would respect that.
he called you a narcissist for being upset that he didn't want to stay for something you've been planning.
it’s your and your future spouse’s wedding, no one else’s.
it's fine, you do you, but maybe next time try to do a bit of small talk before exiting to your room just to make your mom happy.
i was so relieved that i didn’t have to ever face that awkward conundrum you are in now.
otherwise, i probably wouldn't focus much at all on potential consequences should things continue unchanged.
from the moment my eyes skimmed and saw that your ex gave you an std, there was and is no doubt in my mind that you’re not an asshole.
but, you saying how you feel doesn’t make you an asshole.
, and that “fuck apologies” link is a bigass go-ahead for you to break the fuck up with her.
if that's true, you don't have to be the "bigger person" just because its more courteous to do so.
even without family i'd much rather spend my time at home than at a party trying to play nice with co workers.
fuck him and his guilt trips.
she clearly was new to this and as you mention this is pricy and needs to be done correctly or you’ll incur more cost, potentially pain.
though if you really do love her, you should reconsider the whole "being responsible for a child who isn't mine" thing.
we think of family as being sacred but unfortunately family can be a destructive as well a constructive force.
it probably makes him really happy to think his daughter is visiting him.
aside from whistling to call the kids, does she actually take care of the kids with love and respect that they deserve?
only because she's rude to you
it happened once, it will happen again, but one step further.
personally i think having past probs with depression gives you full liscense to make jokes about it.
sometimes i’ll sit in voice chats with friends and have headphones in, and just let them ping me if they need my attention.
he should have known to look for screws.
having been the closing person at a fast food place, i’m gonna go ahead and call this as .
i also like what a couple other people said about presenting it as exercise and maintenance.
, but there probably is more you could do - that would probably involve the massive emotional labour though of breaking down why she feels like that and demonstrating why you and others feel differently.
give her the chance to tell him.
you don't need to concede and then steam about it in silence.
wait a few days for a reply and if you don't get one, his loss.
regardless of her reasoning, her behavior is not cool.
could have been, but never was.
some people like to play the victim and it’s not your job (or anyone’s) to validate them especially when they seem insincere.
this phase won’t last forever and resentment around child rearing responsibilities is a massive relationship killer.
if you're not happy you need to figure that out, but you need to be open about your feelings with her and give her a chance to change.
- congratulations for realizing you deserve good people in your life.
i would suggest making it about space and time for yourself, not about her family specifically.
this was hard for me to hear and understand, but after a moment of self reflection i realized that she was right and i do struggle with it, even if i don’t struggle at all with sympathy and am a caring person.
if he wants you to do errands for him, he's welcome to pay you for both the items and for your troubles.
billy is the dick that refuses to patch things up and see his family.
if things don’t get better then i say to better yourself and situation then an apartment is a good option.
provided you do it in a setting where it wouldn't be considered disrespectful i really see no problem with it.
don't think i need to elaborate.
does your wife work outside the home, or are you the primary breadwinner?
you should come before his mother and them.
maybe she looked uncomfortable in the beginning, but the dude put her at ease by having a normal conversation with her.
it'll just make you sad, and force interaction with someone you don't want to interact with anymore.
as long as you only pretend to have those views in front of them or just pretend to have no opposing views in front of them it’s all good.
i sometimes catsit for a friend who lives a few hours away.
plus her not doing any work at home is just lazy of her.
no offense, but you're sister is being a right cunt by doing these things.
you have a responsibility to protect yourself and to break this cycle.
the fact that she told you after they stopped talking that "she broke her heart" is proof of the emotional component to her relationship with this woman.
your gf is being a complete snot.
- you want to visit with them not their puppy!
your life comes first, especially something as important as schooling and getting recharged after a long day.
everyone keeps telling me i'll regret it when she dies, but i know i won't.
get out as soon as you can.
- you respected her request but then when called her on her shit she blew up.
ambulances are expensive and so people refuse all the time.
the people who think you're an asshole have never played dodge ball.
, but i do think that you need to reevaluate exactly what it means to bel "friend", as it doesn't soud to me like this is a person you want in your life at all, never mind the inner circle of friendship...
it sounds like he came back into your life for the sole reason of having you to lean on, but that's not what friendship is.
its okay to set boundaries, but you will have to deal with the consequences.
don't let her ever guilt trip you
the only thing i'd do differently is talk to her or a manager before (or i guess write on the back of the check if you're a reddit stereotype and hate talking to people ;) ).
because your employer is paying for gas and mileage, but you could do something like ask your coworker if you can pick up a sandwich or drinks for the ride as a thank-you-for-driving gesture.
tell each other what is most important to you.
maybe save her rent for a deposit on her own place when she moves out?
those women werent complaining directly about you.
if she talks about this at a family gathering, you can always politely point out that building a wall is not a very christian thing to do (and how jesus was a refugee, too - it's always funny to see christians arguing against that) because then it actually seems like a discussion (which she can't be mad about), even though you totally say that just to see her reaction.
i can’t imagine why the people you were talking to would have an issue with it.
you mentioned she got a loan at the same time as getting a new car so it sounds like she's not responsible at all.
tents would be more comfortable than that, and you're saving others from a ruined weekend.
i don’t think you’re an asshole at all because you didn’t do anything intention, based off your reasoning.
normally i'd be like you, not violent at all, but i have a 6-year-old as well and if that happened to her, i'd probably react the same way.
he threatened violence, and you needed to protect yourself.
even more unfair is that you being accused of something by someone even less trustworthy.
i don't know the severity of the mental illness or what is profession is, but you don't sound like you're forcing anything insane upon him.
all that being said, idk what your relationship with your grandma is but either way dealing with that on a daily basis is not easy.
your wife needs to realise that the wedding isn't about her, if she's invited then be happy.
imagine if you had to cancel because of them!
i mean, holy fuck, who does that to kids?!
if your family doesn't love you despite your beliefs and choice of partner, they never loved you to begin with they loved the idea of you get out before that situation festers and turns even more toxic for your well being also, semirelated: r/raisedbynarcissists may offer some advice
he baited you into a political argument.
all i'd say is don't get involved; you've said your piece but he clearly has no intention of listening.
, they're charging people for food that could easily make them sick.
however, mention it to him that hearing about their relationship kind of does get on your nerves some but you truly respect them, you just don’t want to hear about the stuff so much.
imo you can't really decide to have hurt feelings over the outcome of something you did knowing it was wrong fully.
quite different from "it's either him or me".
- paternity fraud is a motherfucker.
you did nothing wrong here, though.
the fact that you felt the need to go to class *instead* of being rewarded says alot about your dedication.
this is the type of person who could stalk you, so be careful not to fall into that trap.
reaching out to other families sharing the same experiences can really help you and your daughter.
not even roadkill will go to waste - scavengers and insects are just as much a part of our ecosystem as deer.
anybody in your position would probably feel some jealousy.
your parents are right, he needs to grow up and help you.
get married, enjoy your life, drop un supportive people from your life.
i don't have much advice but you're not at fault here.
if you stop helping her on your own she might play the ‘but we’re family’ card and make you look like an ass.
make sure you tell them how she attempted to lock you out, as well.
at least where i live, your brother would legally be right.
: it sounds like she ruined her chances for herself.
take whatever opportunity is best for you.
it was like she specifically wanted to rain on your day off.
handicapped bathroom stalls are not like parking spaces, they are not only for people with a specific need.
the art project i can’t defend, but overall you guys were kids.
using the only available restroom is not asshole.
you might, maybe be the asshole depending on your tone or how you phrased it.
it's like a guy stalking a girl.
, sounds like your dad needs to get some thicker skin too.
i really hope you do get help and find someone who supports and loves you.
i bet you won't be the only one who declines to attend.
if he didn't want people to know he said those things he could have said them to you in person, or just not said them.
unless you're in bumfuck, nowhere there are *plenty* of places that give free food to the homeless.
not your fault she can't do basic math.
i wouldn’t worry yourself over it if it would make you happier to have your friends family there.
, just need to explain to him that you understood him to be treating you when you went out, and that you can do the same for him sometime in the future.
but if he's lying about it, then the arrangement is doomed from the start.
even if it broke soon after i got it home i'd take it back and exchange it.
lose this "friend," get you some new ones, and let her learn what happens when she gets what she asks for.
and i could tell that from the title, before i even read the post.
that would annoy me to no end.
your as free as the wind my friend.
living together makes relationships weird, so even if she didn’t try to humiliate you, you wouldn’t be an asshole for asking her to move out.
if you like acting enough to take it seriously, you should explore it with folks of like mind.
if they are forcing their beliefs on you that’s not good.
this is why i don't mix friends and business.
, your feelings are perfectly understandable.
just be careful in the future - your supervisor might try to schedule you for times you said you weren't available, make sure you tell them right away that you won't work that shift because you can't.
if you think you can do it you can offer to let her join in on one of the nights if she's interested in learning how to play, but you need to be able to hang with friends too.
even in that scenario though, it also depends on what kind of reaching out she’s doing imo.
, all those people trying to guilt you into it aren’t willing to live with her so why should you have to?
ex-girlfriends would be another story (potentially).
i honestly dont even really see you as challenging her authority.
this, however, is straight up stalking.
i can totally sympathize with your position and, if i were in a similar one, i would leave.
that said, if it's feasible, you could consider other workarounds, such as wearing headphones, moving the tv, or even switching rooms.
can you talk to them for me?
i'm sure this is all very stressful for her but this situation be dealt with.
excuse the harsh wording, but i do call it as i see it.
is this something he usually does, and did it seem disingenuous?
it's not like the europe thing would have been a unique experience for both of you, simply because he had already gone there.
i agree with others - i wouldn’t tell them she’s not his daughter.
being drunk doesn't in any way excuse this kind of behaviour.
she's in the wrong, but i think all you can do is try and quietly counteract the stupid stuff she does.
all you need to do is ask for proof the puppy is theirs.
perhaps finding a home more suitable to the dogs issues is the best idea.
parents definitely talk about their kids, but your scores are your business.
she can pay for an account if she wants access.
i can’t believe people are defending this shit in a public place for little kids.
sometimes even good friends can’t live together.
customer service gets mad at your rather than accepting your feed back.
your girlfriend sounds manipulative and attention starved, so just go visit your grandma and i guarantee she’s gonna be just fine when you get back.
his friends are also assholes for not seeing you're trying to turn your life around.
it’s not a national holiday and if you had umbrellas then great, kids today still have umbrellas too.
this is something you should not have to be going through at this age and i admire the courage.
my mom remarried 3 days before my birthday.
, but you did agree a price, a compromise and better justification might be to say, the $15 was gas, but i now see there's a toll to pick you up, so can you pay that, totalling $25.50.
you were clear about your feelings and you aren't responsible for protecting him.
did you meet her while under this workload?
i wouldn't let my brother decide who was important enough to accompany me to a family gathering.
a build of plaque on teeth contributes to plaque build up in the heart and arteries and is a factor in heart problems.
i believe (well i hope) i am supportive of the lgbti community, and i can appreciate this was a hard conversation for him to have, but i would have liked to have known this earlier as lack of male body parts is a dealbreaker for me.
if you're in the us, you can send him a link to [psychology today's psychiatrist search function.]( you don't need a one sided friendship.
your family seems full of issues, so head over to r/justnofamily for support.
good on you for calling him out on the lack of tip.
i'm not exactly sure why your mother gets a say in a house she contributes nothing towards, but i would suggest if she's so altruistic she can take over the mortgage etc.
she gave you an ultimatum (if she really would break up with you over not wanting a baby right this second but will in the future then she's probably more in it for a baby).
, sure it was a joke and not unforgiveable..
i immediately correct anyone who shortens my name.
if anything, i felt bad because i wish i could do more to help her than just offer words as we lived on opposite sides of the country.
telling your friends he was a creep and distancing yourself from them were acts of integrity.
you have every right to want to spend time with someone you're closest to.
tell him you need gas money for the trip because you took your car.
if i'm watching a movie with someone, i'm dead fucking quiet because to be otherwise would make me a shithead.
you’re not going to want to do the same things all the time and compromising on what to do all the damn time just makes the relationship feel like a chore.
i mean, he got you into bed and at some point before that, you should have had *some* idea what his body would like, since you're all, ya know, all about fitness.
- you aren’t an asshole because you have a preference, and it’s not like you’re making someone lose out on a seat because it’s the only one left.
if you wanted to be extra courteous you could blow the vapor out the window, but if it truly is only 2 or 3 puffs it shouldn't really be a big deal either way.
you're paying more than your fair share.
hep c is the opposite- it infects blood cells but not the epithelial cells of the skin or mucous membranes, so it isn't transmitted by casual contact but is transmitted through blood.
, he should have known better than to wear $200 shoes in the mud.
posting an ad for a missing dog is the least you can do.
- no, you’re not “being too sensitive” about it.
if you had just volunteered her without her offering, you'd be the asshole, but she said she's the one that offered.
parking lot rules, if you have to make someone else back up so that you can back up to get a spot, it isn't yours
you aren't being selfish for needing money to survive.
she will date before attempting reconciliation effectively dumping 10 years of her and her sos life, sounds great for a future stable relationship.
live your best life, however you want to!
what you did wasn’t wrong since it was before the relationship.
that being said, many times when you have that many kids at the wedding, there are a lot of distractions, especially kids under 6 or so.
contact them and maybe even talk about it eventually, but only when you're in a comfortable enough headspace to do so.
and regarding the kids and the mess...
yeah, sure, you probably should've just kept your cool and asked to speak to the manager, or walked out.
it's up to r to sort out her situation herself-- without you.
find some volunteering that really clicks with you.
then tries to flip the switch to save face so he can continue to do it.
however, cover your ass on this one - stay silent.
just be there for her if she needs you.
that's not your fault, you tried to educate yourself with reviews but it it sounds like the reviews left out a few things that most people would find as minor annoyances.
you need to take all of her messages and go to the police.
as long as from now on you don't use it in the common areas of the apartment since he has voiced the fact that he doesn't like it.
how could you be the asshole for being upset about losing something that made you happy with a bit of a weak excuse about it?
the only time is if the product that's there and the label description say something different, oooo or the best one is if there's a label saying an offer and the person then thinks that another item randomly on the bay is the same offer lol
it not everyone deserves it and you are the only one who can determine who gets your sympathy
their poor planning shouldn’t be a part of what you already agreed upon, and if they are already acting like this i don’t know how good it will be to be living with them
this guy needs to be told to respect boundaries or he isn't welcome.
, jeff sounds really irresponsible, and i wouldn't leave your dog with him again if i were you.
but you definitely could have stood up for your gf in a more constructive way.
having worked a job like that for a while, i would have done the same thing.
encouraging her bad behavior would only encourage it to get worse.
fucking rapist in the making with that entitled attitude.
this is kinda a validation post because nobody would ever think your an asshole for being angry at your mom being a hypocrite especially when it comes to rape.
kindest thing you can do when someone you care about has a drinking problem is to not take them seriously when they’re drunk, but remain civil.
i hope your brother can try to work it out with your dad.
you've made a big accomplishment and you should celebrate it!
i've had it up to here with men who act like another child in the house.
personally if someone admits to a drinking problem i would want them to focus on themselves for their best chance of a healthy outcome as oppose to insisting that they spend time with a child they may in fact be endangering.
i never talked to them again.
this sounds like it’s already been a nightmare.
are you feeling helpless, blamed for something you didn't do, financially worried, anxious around paperwork and authority, reminded of a drunk relative who used to beat you, what is it that's eating you up?
though she doesn't sound like she's in a good place right now.
i suspect she saw it as a statement about the closeness of your friendship (i wouldn't use a pic with just any friend as a profile pic) so she's probably feeling rejected.
or do you think others had been taking out your stuff then putting it back damp when they were done.
100% , you are under no obligation to forgive someone who was abusive you, talk to your mother about how he's made you feel and that a simple apology isn't going to fix the hurt he's caused and in all honesty a family holiday to me sound like a bad idea as you'd have no safe place to retreat to if he started being horrible to you.
she needs a therapist that can break her of her holing behavior (basically they teach you cognitive tools to be able to break these negative feedback loops).
don’t get her any exfoliating products.
i think you won't have to stay away from your child for very long.
we live in a world with other humans.
so i guess , but actually you've made it harder for yourselves by giving him a list of conditions to comply with.
he may be her biological dad but you're her father.
, you shouldn't be obligated to see toxic family just because it's family.
still, one month is a ridiculously short time to wait imo.
you describe you relationship as very healthy otherwise, which is good.
she asked you if you were comfortable with it, you said you weren't, and you didn't make her do anything.
you can try talking to her about this if it's bothering your conscience.
right now is a very stressful time for both of you.
and i am so happy for it, because now she spends her time with the people who truly care for her, and she receives the kindness she gave out so freely.
if all you were doing was expressing concern over her safety and that you’d like her to have a little more control over these influences in her life, then definitely .
they are being completely unreasonable and if i were in your shoes i'd not go and tell them exactly why.
nope , if they were at a dog park then they had to assume that they would be approached by a dog at sometime.
clean up as best you can.
you have a right to date who you want, and if the attraction isn't quite there, then that's okay.
also, the fact that dogs aren’t humans is even more reason to be grumpy ...
just know that when you chat with them about it, they’ll likely explain its coming from a place of caring.
i'll admit i'm biased since i'm kinda on your side with this, but it's not like you're forcing him to stop or beating him or whatever so there's nothing much to complain about.
, and if they complain again then tell them to take their own vehicles...
he decided to turn around, so he took the crosswalk, while i had a green light and was 2-3 car lengths away.
, as long as you're sure that there's no way that what she's saying is true.
she doesn’t want to be dating someone who drinks to the point of falling down.
imo you should have a serious conversation with your girlfriend about how this affects your wellbeing.
i can understand why your dad was miffed (waiting that long for you was probably a bit worrisome) however yelling at you was uncalled for.
i think you know what to do.
you weren't given enough info or options here and did what you could.
i think i would avoid talking about my finances around this guy again though....
in one hand, it was not business and he wasn't directly affecting you.
you are married, you opening the bills should not be seen as a trust thing.
however with that being said the fact you haven't seen any money is bullshit.
he's just jealous because you don't go to work everyday and he does.
they have better shit to do than bang on someone's door because they're a shit pet owner.
it’s just as painful as watching the boyfriend disappear.
, just because the culture is rude in your area, doesnt mean the majority is right.
not you—you did the right thing by testifying truthfully.
i can’t imagine why someone is discussing a miscarriage outside immediate family, dear friends or medical staff.
becoming aware of that is the first step to kicking her out of your head, the second step would be to talk to a professional.
you both lost someone close to you and you both have the right to mourn and heal in your own ways.
in general, it seems like a pretty harmless (and hilarious!) prank that got the point across to an inconsiderate neighbor.
no need to make anyone appear more or less guilty than they are, just give him the facts and let him handle his business.
i would hate for you to get dinged for any damage she does to the apartment while you are away.
some people might take offense but it’s a good idea.
the place i was living had stone steps down to the ground level (it was a duplex townhouse kinda thing) and they were icy and i didn't realise.
you come out to people you want to come out to when you want to come out to them.
you were their server, you provided excellent service, you keep the tip.
not to mention that if she cared about your relationship, she wouldn't allow someone to trash talk it.
now if you had said worse that would be different or if it had been a warning and you did it again.
she probably believes the stereotype that men always want sex.
she allows them to insult me, berate me and lock me; but to be fair, she did these things too.
whether or not he shaves it is not my concern.
having a pile of debt hanging over your head that could potentially result in legal trouble down the line only makes things harder.
it might be uncomfortable, and i'm not saying to make him your new bff, but if you're not willing to be around him and be civil then you're putting your partner in a crummy situation.
, you can choose your friends.
it sounds like the move is in line with your long term goals.
she probably does not fully understand the issues you face in your closeted lifestyle.
she needs to go to he emergency room asap.
first, i doubt that's the only place he can park.
a few of my family members have depression and this had a huge impact on me growing up.
he is very insecure and i would be cautious.
if they're not going to contribute, you have zero obligation to help them, and if they've never spoken to you until they need your hep, that applies even more so.
you apologized and she doubled down.
you could still take your cat and visit your parents, but cats are pretty solitary so he'll be just fine.
i think it’s gross to ask others for help with your child’s christmas gifts.
also, why should his love life affect who you are friends with?
- at least not to me.
they are not a retirement plan or atm.
it's your space just as much as it is hers.
as for the tattoo, it's your body, you should do as you see fit with it.
but if it really bugs your inner nice guy side, tell them you take the spot as you’ve lived there the longest but you’ll contribute an extra $15/month towards the electric bill or something to that effect.
she's stressed and is showing it.
not her class and you can say no.
if it's your private discord server, then your friends should ask first before adding random people.
fixating on nicole because of her resemblance to your abuser is...
i think telling others about this was anything but selfish.
i'm not saying you are annoying - i don't even know you.
you need to honestly treat yourself and live your life.
i didn't leave my hometown for college, and i didn't even move very far from my parents (still showed up once a week to have dinner and do laundry), but just getting out of my parents' house was a huge step.
what would you expect your friend to do, cut ties with her so you can shoot your shot?
honestly don't think he's even met his 2yo grandson or her partner.
there's a difference between communicating her disappointment and straight up abuse.
they could have done anything to it to make it stop working.
no attention is being taken from her.
you're blaming yourself for not being firm enough even though he keeps manipulating attention from you.
.but your mother is no offence is she mentally ok?or is just religion fanatic?
people shouldn't get a pass when they do something wrong just because they're family.
you know you’re not in the wrong so your next step is dealing with you and your partner’s issues.
if you really feel bad about it you could offer to buy him a drink and hang out to make up fo it.
if you really can't just ignore the call, you should step away from the table to answer.
but if i’m being honest that cat shouldn’t be allowed out at all.
she was taking advantage of your kindness and she needed to be told.
short of walking into the hospital room and taking a shit on his face, there's very little you could have done here to make you the asshole.
, this is a perfectly natural way to feel about your bf hanging out with and getting close to someone who has already admitted that she wants something more than friendship from him.
you don't have to live your life by anyone else's rules but it really seems to me like you're testing the *extreme* limits of trust here.
sometimes tough love is what works best.
i have never heard of anyone being upset about having more income.
if a person takes their anger out on animals, it raises a bunch of red flags for me.
, shit got heated, she rejected it and you didn't try to pressure her or force it so i think you're fine.
it was up to him to ask you out if he felt this way, and he waited a long time to tell you how he felt.
2) think what they have to say is way more important than what you have to say.
it sounds like you’ve been more than patient.
you and your family can invite bro and the new wife to a nice celebration dinner when they get back, or you can just send whatever gift you can afford, and that's all you need to do.
they were trying to play the guilt game to get two seats.
(something about how others react to them are funny)..
i wouldn’t put myself out there for a company because at the end of the day you’re just a number to them.
in other words, be clear about what you need him to do, do not dictate, and let him reach his own conclusions.
it seems that you are both unable to be in the same troupe without personal issues coming up.
cheating on someone you want to marry is a truly disgusting thing.
suggested reply to each and every one of those cocksuckers: "lead by example: even though the baby isn't yours, let her live with you.
you worked hard so you can all enjoy something.
hey, at least you got a pat on the back and ice cream!
that they were shitty neighbors (and possibly shitty parents) is irrelevant to you keeping their property once it has been identified as such.
- why the hell is she blasting you?
if he wants her to be able to participate he needs to take the onus of the things you would be doing.
most times it seems like he's making plans with you and canceling because of work or because he changes his mind about what he wants to do.
just use your resources and try to make the best of a terrible situation
without that, i'd say you are the asshole, but he's clearly and openly pining for your girlfriend.
maybe you or an upper manager just need to talk to him and see if theres some way to make the process easier to handle, and if not maybe move him to something different.
the friendship is deep, and you shouldn't break it, your girl should understand that your relationship to your exes brother isn't the same or close to the one you have as your ex
you want a goal & he keeps giving you a dream
how do they handle his criticisms?
this chick only gonna cause you more hurt than what you think you’ll endure by leaving her.
fuck corporations, break the printer before you leave
i couldn't love her any more.
just asking for trouble in that case.
i felt more mature but i enjoyed their company at the time.
might be some type of coping mechanism.
you made it clear that she crossed a line, and when you took some space to process it, she continued to cross the same line.
it's more like comparing it to the golf clubs.
if you want to reach out to her now and see how she’s doing, i think that might be a good thing.
- those were her friends, not yours.
so i feel like i owe them something.
the yoga room sounds like a good place to pray as it's already supposed to be spiritual.
-- your snapchat compromise was great, they're being unreasonable.
i'm not mad and i want to be your friend, but no role play." if he's texting too much in general, tell him, "i'm busy, i'm not going to to text you today, let's talk tomorrow/this weekend/next week." i know just a few people with autism and they do not understand social clues and take hints the way we do, you need to clearly tell him what you want and don't want.
did they ask you to check your steak temp when they delivered the meal?
that doesn’t make you an asshole, but it’s something you should be aware of.
i would sit down when the baby is napping and she's not totally stressed and ask her how she's doing, and then bring up the topic again to see if she's willing to talk some more about it.
now there were a few people who had been there longer and felt like that promotion should have been theirs - but they didn't want the extra responsibility without the pay.
did you have an attitude yourself, or was it a casual remark/polite question?
it seems quite selfish of your mother to do this, and on her honeymoon, no less!
it's nice that you want to help her, but you should weigh the risk of damage to yourself.
, it's a simple chore that doesn't take very long, so her "too busy" excuse doesn't fly.
let him know you quit and move on.
g does not want to be your girlfriend, but she wants to have a say in your relationships?
there will be people who act as if you are their solution to whatever bugs them, especially if it involves infatuation.
the world needs more parents like you.
stick to your guns or else let them play some youtube deep house mixes for a few hours
pay the bill, and next time he wants your help or you want his, talk about money beforehand or just decline.
your grandma loves you and your sister.
that said, if his stuff is in there, he does have a legal right to get it.
third, the idea behind tipping culture, even if studies have disproved it, is that tipping leads to better service because waiters are incentivized to work hard to get a higher tip.
first, we do give extra leeway towards kids, as long as they are learning.
- with adoption you will have a shared experience with your wife for the rest of your life.
going back with someone who dumped you is a bad idea 99% of the time, so you made the right choice.
it's irresponsible, but the man lost his wife.
they may be supporting you in ways that aren't immediately clear (such as paying for things that you'll need)
we had the wedding and reception on site.
she is an adult and it's responsible for herself.
you had no knowledge of it and i'm sure the person in front had left before you could refuse.
your parents want you home by what?
i want to say both, but feels more like .
you weren't body shaming him at all.
but the fact the she didn't know you were there and that you didn't break that shit up yourself is far bigger of a red flag than the age difference.
(sign of volume being too high).
that being said, he did say that the dude was cute and i think that opened the door wide open for you to point out that the dude was gay.
, i fucking got triggered reading this.
i'm very sorry for your loss and hope you find strength during this time and everyday.
he can either get $5000 or you can find another car within your budget.
it's very easy for him to say "i'd do this because i'm not a cunt" because he's not actually in that position.
if it makes him feel like less of a man to take money from his mom, then he should wait until he can save for it himself.
she's okay with letting another unsuspecting teaching major walk into that shitshow of a situation and possibly fuck up their future career?
if no one is allergic and the landlord allows it what is the argument against the cat even?
sounds like your family is trying to save money but they're putting you in danger of ineffective treatment, antibiotic resistant bacteria, or an adverse response to an incorrect dose or expired drug.
i think in that that conversation you sounded perfectly reasonable and it was something she needed to hear.
you want to deny your car that right?
that discourtesy on your part doesn't justify the reaction, but you should have communicated to the waiting parties.
how is he trying to ruin her life?
all of that is noble, but none of it is really within your control.
not because you wanted to watch your nature video, but because of the way you blasted that ad and then fought about it.
for now, focus on that strong work ethic and independence.
although if your parents actually force you to move - then you can always go get your own place.
that woman is crazy guarantee it
find someone who will more clearly show you that you are valued and that they want you in their life :)
, and don't let him say you're unreasonable for having feelings.
not your fault for not knowing beforehand.
giving feedback is part of a trainer or a management role.
tell them you're tossing your stuff in the outside can, but just continue doing what you're doing.
theres probably a lot of nuance here that cant be properly explained via this format (reddit) but from the information provided you are 100% right.
&#x200b; and don't be surprised if your bf is happy how things are and will never want them to change.
maybe you could offer to do it at another time when no one is watching tv or they could stop watching tv but get first dibs next time this situation comes up.
getting annoyed when you bring it up is a huge red flag.
yes, maybe the way you snapped at your mom wasn’t the best way to talk to her, but i think you deserve to show your own mom how hurt you were and what she did was wrong.
maybe you should have called her out the first time she made her fake excuse, but her unfriending you is petty.
the swastika (i believe *swastik* or *svastika* in sanskrit) is a common symbol, and it's prevalent in chinese and japanese buddhism as well.
that kind of behavior can turn unhealthy before you know it.
you can stay with him, sure.
her wanting to wait it out could be the best option, where as if she moves to you she has experience in her field making her more marketable if she were to move.
[gator facts]( i just wanted to address that op didn’t actually raise his voice or make a scene.
it won't hurt the baby, and it might save your sanity.
the note person was kind of a douche for being a stickler on a snow day.
things can change fast and they don’t want to destabilise the workforce by letting people know they may lose their job and risk everyone fleeing.
i would be prepared that it may impact your reputation or ability to get other freelance jobs if it gets around that you refused this, but if you’re willing to accept that to stick to your principles, do what you think is right.
, you and c did nothing wrong.
the truth hurts, but pain now is better than the pain later if/when he continues to act like this with other girls whilst still with v.
you should just call the police on them when it happens.
you mentioned a possibility that some of the tickets maybe be for things outside of parking violations and expressed some feel bad/guilty feelings.
i'm a flight attendant, so initially reading the post i was beginning to think you were a jerk nonrev.
way to be a gentleman dude !
--you're not wrong for wanting to end things, because marriage is a huge commitment, and she's not wrong for being depressed.
don't think about a particular day you want to talk it out.
even more so, people are expecting absolute perfection during moments of high tensions.
the other stuff is also valid - it sounds like he is disrespectful, lies, and is overall a bad employee.
it’s better to leave the nest.
but they're clearly not good for you, abusive, manipulative, or otherwise.
maybe they thought you weren't being honest with the proceeds, but their resolution was not reasonable.
you can feel bad for the guy, but that doesn't obligate you to be his friend.
the family you’re on speaking terms with, will understand and love you.
there's literally no reason to lay your hands in someone just because you disagree, even if it was mean spirited.
and while i wouldn't necessarily blame the husband for wanting to go to the party, the least he could have done was make arrangements himself for someone to take you to the hospital if needed.
what exactly is in the basement that *tenants* would need access to?
but, you can be civil to anyone for a day.
people working in restaurants are only human, they're often rushed off their feet, they may not see you straight away or might be distracted with something else, and i'm not personally keen on the attitude of expecting perfect service all the time, or else.
for feeling stuff, but you just need to communicate better to set expectations around such things.
in fact, asking someone to do you a favor is a very effective way of strengthening a friendship.
which might have resulted in the other driver being hurt instead -- an innocent party who did nothing wrong.
if he still wants to make you something on top of that gift, i would tell him to go for it!
but with 2 hours remaining, there is no fixing that, what you did was the only reasonable thing to do.
it’s ok to ass them to stop
i was also starting to get teased at school (i really hope you aren't getting teased, but kids are sooo mean).
how she feels because of it is on her.
it’s super weird for john to be on her bed, (whether he’s shirtless or not, and especially after he’s already tried to kiss her), and it seems like she set you up by asking if you liked him or not.
he had plans with you first and it would be near impossible for you to reschedule.
i mean, they would have still had the cigarette even if they paid for it.
maybe even link him to the use on urban dictionary or something.
i would have rescinded the offer after a week of nothing.
i assume you went the following day or soon after?
i would be annoyed too honestly, teach your children how to respect.
if the relationship needs to be open for her to make friends, the friends aren't just friends.
being in high school is hard, keeping friendships is hard.
if you don't, keeping doing you.
i've been a heavy drinker and i wasn't pissing everywhere even at my drunkest.
it's understandable that your feelings are hurt.
the baby was in pain, and she *chose to leave him that way*...
cue the "i'm handicapped" speech and our teacher cut her off, explaining that no, she was not in the right to say that, no, it was not acceptable, no, it's not cute or funny to pick on someone else for not knowing something.
for not taking a bad deal that benefits him.
could it be that he’s upset, because he thinks that you are choosing the cats over your future together?
or they need to pay rent.
: but that really just made her justify her shitty racism to herself.
honestly i would be suspicious that it was stolen before thinking somebody threw it away.
then, when you have your own place, you are no longer beholden to them.
that is not normal friendship behavior.
if i threw up on someone’s shoes i’d offer to pay the entire price of the shoe, especially since i’d be the one throwing up on them.
depression is a chemical imbalance in the brain.
i’m assuming they would use this event to educate the white masses so that they don’t use cultural appropriation in the future.
the fact that he’s disabled doesn’t give him the right to run roughshod over your boundaries.
sounds like she’s just having a rough day and taking it out on you.
your mother sounds manipulative and controlling - is this normal behavior for her?
it's an awful situation all around, but you sent a card and a thoughtful gift for their daughter.
if this was a bus you would be, but on an airplane the seat is your temporary property.
he's a fucking asshole both for not paying you, even now with his better job and spreading rumors about you even though you were nice to him when he was in a difficult place (i suppose he knows about you being homeless now?).
if sex is a deal breaker for you, then you wouldn't be ta for leaving her.
- these things can be tricky.
from the question is looks like you have made it very clear that you do not like these.
it sounds like you dodged a bullet my friend.
if your parent(s) favour her, it will be a life-long rift between all of the other children.
you're already paying half the price for twice the quality you'd ever find around here, and you want me to cut it even more?
for one, a soda will *at most* run you $2.5 here.
she was and is a shitty person
gee whiz, i'd be very bothered to learn my future spouse had pressured his mom and sisters this way.
wave war ensues, and it ends up taking longer than if they had just taken their turn.
you need to report this and get the hell out.
i know that since then they have completely removed the gate and crime rates are through the roof in that area.
there's a limit to how much you can or should verify before booking.
do you even see your aunt often?
strangling is excessive force you however did the right thing, judging that you don't have the strength to restrain you went for k.o with minimal force possible (which doesn't mean pull your punch it means trying to do it in one hit) you succeded in diffusing the situation and stopped further injury to both parties.
nobody in their right mind would think you’re the asshole
how quickly would things pile up if you forgot to do something?
i don’t respect men who beat women, went through that with my mom when i was young so i don’t blame you one bit
i will bet your friend enjoys your personality and doesn't judge you in the least.
as long as you handled it with care (as i think you did), i don't think you should take this onto yourself.
it doesn't really matter why she needed you.
that being said, you’d probably be responsible for a bit more of the lodging, ie if they have a 7 bedroom, the others couples would split the cost of the room, while you would be responsible for your room.
she's made it clear she doesn't mind interfering in your personal life or telling people about your history when she has no right to.
holy fucking shit she's in her 40s?????
you didn't spend a crazy amount.
but if she doesn't, you should let her hang out with him and you will just need to trust her that it's fine.
just cut him from your life and not talk to him again.
- it's her hair, she should clean it up.
it's your wedding, you are spending the money, it's your event, have it the way you want it.
in a way you weren't helping her at all, you were lending her strength that she used to tolerate her abuser.
but i have never seen anyone try to push a car with another car.
they could care less about the dog i have neighbors with dogs that bark but it really doesn't bother us at all u get used to it and the sounds don't go through the house too much.
he made a bad call, though i don't think he is a full-on asshole because of it.
you shouldn't be considered an asshole for feeling a certain way.
you don't have to date someone you're not attracted to.
i know some colleges even have a rule that if the professor doesn't show up in 15 minutes that you can leave without getting into trouble.
if he doesn't think your request is 100% reasonable, he doesn't respect you and isn't worth your time.
do they not see what’s going on?
your choices may make others upset, but that is not your problem whatsoever.
she's likely in the same boat as you not wanting anything serious.
i don’t know how old you are, op, but the way my petty is set up?
and clearly she isn’t showing that family love and support like she should be doing.
if you have any questions or anything at all, feel free to pm.
this guy made a willful choice to delete himself from your life years ago, making him for all intents and purposes, a stranger to you.
i shared a few classes in high school with a girl who happened to be blind.
in my opinion a two bedroom apartment is a little small for 5 which would suck, here’s the thing though.,,she makes your brother happy.
maybe talk to your ex and your daughter about it.
an elderly father that you knew would pass is less of a shock, and you have more time to prepare for it.
i used to think it was kind of dumb, but now i think it’s kind of cool.
a relationship is a team effort, and that includes paying bills.
she blocked you because you put your work before her party?
, he dropped a big bomb.
however, if there are only a few seats left, don't be the one that prevents someone from sitting down.
you tried the friendly route, and they rejected it.
though, given that you lived pretty far apart and you didn't know she intended to move closer at the time it was possibly also presumptuous of her to think it was more than a hookup at the time.
it does put you in an awkward and uncomfortable situation when his family received gifts and ask what he got you, which is something that he may not get.
i would have been nervous as well.
this isn't a huge deal to you - as you wanted to know to celebrate a friend - clearly for her it's a big deal.
even if you knew she had stuff going on beforehand, badmouthing people behind their backs the way she did is of bad taste.
but if you read commentary on pua from outside audiences who have read the books or taken the seminars, it becomes pretty clear it's just a cesspool of misogyny, and most of the advice boils down to "if you're a manipulative jerk to enough women, you'll eventually find one whose self-esteem is low enough to put up with your crap because she's lonely." "evo psych", as such, is garbage.
to hell with that drive, ugh.
only losers would be upset by their partner posting heavily sexualized photos for others to see!
she was the one who needed to grow a spine and enforce her boundaries with her parents.
try to adopt some of your boyfriends tolerance toward this selfish and annoying girl.
you do not have to like or want to be around horses.
a fire brigade had to come take me to the hospital, because they have some special spinal boards.
you are not responsible for them or their debts/failures no matter what your upbringing or culture says.
the best way to keep your car clean is to kot eat in it.
good on you for respecting her relationship with her bf.
however if you really care about her, you might be able to help her work through her guilt and help her figure out what she wants to do with her body.
given how many flat earthers there are out there, it absolutely doesn't surprise me that there are people like your girlfriend.
everytime someone calls they will make a record.
however, if you've asked multiple times, then it might be better to stop.
i wouldn't trust him with my hearts but if you are safe, do whatever is enjoyable with your body.
they assumed only people who attend church park in the street.
, don't take downvotes so personally, it usually just means people disagree with you.
it’s your house and you have the right to decide whether or not you want guns there.
i hope things go as smoothly as they can, that any hiccups are nipped in the bud, and that your new bub brings you plenty of joy.
, but i'd change the name, you can't really claim it came from somewhere when it's an adapted recipe.
the relationship isnt healthy for either of you.
your wife isn’t the asshole either, but i think she shouldn’t have just brought one home, knowing how you feel.
- kind of sounds like your bf is just awkward an doesn’t really know how to compliment you, might feel weird for him to say, so instead he just says his weird comments that he probably thinks is witty
she'll have to walk an extra few minutes, she'll live.
given that you say you’ve talked to him about it and it’s fallen on deaf ears/he’s accused you of being a fake friend because of it, i think it would be wise to distance yourself.
and, if this kid learned anything from this, you spared him a few sexual assault charges in the future.
and he straight up told you?
if she wants to start a business, she needs to actually learn how to use the machine.
i consider myself a christian and went to church of my own free will (my parents didn't go to church at all) and believe it should be your choice to go.
i know i would certainly not attach myself to a man who thinks that is a good idea- your goals are diametrically opposed.
she's been offered the promotion because the company thinks she's best suited for the job.
you’re doing your best to be an accommodating partner despite your own needs.
this is a really tough one.
if you have the means, i would send him out with a clean bill of debt.
you should have been upfront with jane, or just refused to pick up bobby.
sounds like the guy wasn't even that noticeably heavy.
how much is he playing per day to need soulcaliber after he just got f76 and spent like 100 on fortnite.
you cant be a fair partner in a relationship, and will find trouble finding a healthy relationship, until you deal with your own issues from the abuse and otherwise.
you’re on a much smaller budget than she is.
unless it was just towels or something.
that might help any hurt feelings on their part.
after that, if this relashionship works, i think your so might be willing to move to the us.
i say you should enjoy the ball alone with your best friend.
but it sounds like he has his own trauma, so go easy on him
, but i think you're taking "stick together" a bit too literally.
i choose to think her actions are innocent but you would know better.
if this is how he starts off.
your roommate has no jurisdiction over your private space.
, you were right to be wary about this being a scam, pretty much every digital safety training says to be on the lookout for things like this.
when i text a doctor to see if they can meet, i typically get a response within an hour.
i'm sure they could absolutely find a child to love as their own without putting your girlfriend through the physical strain.
there's also a difference between being graphic and giving a light "babies come from this" talk.
at first i was thinking  because they're (presumably) paying, but if it ends up going to waste as a result of this bizarre shit then there's really no justification for continuing to do this.
otherwise i can tell you from experience that this is just going to get worse for you.
lol and they always say not to worry about the friend.
tell her to come over this this time and next time you will come to her house.
i might be the asshole for that one though.
like if someone offered me spanish paella but then i saw there were hot dogs in it, i wouldn't be too pleased.
, sounds like she's trying to take advantage of you and your dad honestly.
they are  for telling him no.
i wouldn't have waved to a guy who almost ran me over either.
i'd also talk about how you'd like to handle future discussions on the matter if they become necessary.
the only time it's worth it in my opinion, is when it's damaging to one of them or there's something illegal happening.
you made other arrangements for the ticket and made a commitment to your step daughters friend and family.
the shock probably has more to do with the way you said it more than you calling the server out.
there’s no need to feel bad for making your life better while making no ones life worse.
&#x200b; your friend is the asshole for trying to control who her boyfriend talks to.
but it seems like he’s just making excuses for him?
, friend can fuck right off with her unasked-for nutritional/parenting advice.
dont think about the store, staff change constantly in every profession and trade, they will survive without you.
this sounds a lot like sjw shit saying it’s bad not to be attracted to certain people
he's asking you to go beyond the initial agreement with no additional compensation.
if you don't have a lock, tell your room-mate's gf that you'd appreciate it if she wouldn't enter your room unless she gets an okay from you and that you're busy if you don't respond.
if you are positive and chill about it he won't take it personally.
the thought of people *hanging around waiting* is a stressful one.
if it was originally her tv, then it is her tv and your friend could have gotten it when he got the guns.
i'm glad you stop being friends with her.
i mean at least you tipped.
it does sound like she threw back at you with an entitled attitude and it’s not fair to do that just to try and make you feel guilty - which you do and that’s why you’re asking here.
that was your reaction and how you chose to respond to your mom.
they are most likely worried about your brother being confused.
- you have your own life going on, if it were important to your dad he would have told you sooner imo.
for wishing your girlfriend a better life and an end to suffering.
is that the kind of partner you want?
dane is very upset and hurting right now, and it’s likely he’s lashing out.
i understand you wanting to keep the peace but you shouldn't have to sacrifice your happiness for them when they don't make any effort to do the same for you.
if she just wants a sperm donor there are places she can get that; if she wants a baby *with* you then she needs to be more considerate.
had your kid taken a bone out of it's mouth or tried to punch it in the eye, biting would be understandable.
fuck peer pressure & stay in school
when i was in the scene, i preferred to be loud (don’t touch me!) or dismissive of them (ignoring them / walking away).
just dont talk about her to him.
however, you want to schedule some time to see your friends and family, just so those relationships don't suffer.
if her changes weren’t in line with what you wanted for your life or your friends, it’s fine.
being there to fall back on won't help him out any if he isn't putting forth effort.
that said, it might be a bit better if you just send him a quick text saying "we had fun texting but you being obviously high on our date was not on.
why is her time off precious but yours isn’t?
but i'm sure that is not what you intended to do, so still, .
if there is a custody order it could be written into that, that ex has to hold her tongue and not say inappropriate things around the child.
no you don’t need to talk to him.
but it helps sometimes to just give it the college teacher treatment.
if you’ve been dating that long, she’s probably itching to know what will happen long term and you choosing to spend some time away is making her anxious.
try to help the other sisters if you can.
it would be a good idea to make it permanent, and a good idea not to meet up with him at all.
(not the baby of course - i mean the pain and the medical shit.) your husband also needs support though, its a very stressful time for him too.
obviously  - you nearly were hit by a car that clearly wasn't paying attention to the right-of-way.
you have every right to your feelings.
if the guests are too much (and they seem to be) for whatever reason, you can, without needing justification, tell so that you're done hosting them and they need to leave.
but i'm curious as to how you've coped with staying over at his house before?
she broke up with you, after that you have absolutely no obligation to loop her in on your life, or to try to pursue her to try to patch the relationship.
it's not wrong to not like labels, but it does show that he's not ready for any kind of commitment.
and 1.5 years is nothing in the grand scheme of your life..
if you had actually sent proof of false accusations, she would be a shitty person and friend for not telling him immediately and keeping proof in the interest of his safety.
is there any good time to breakup??
ask her how she would like it if you put a curfew on her and punished her for being with her friend.
maybe sometime when you're feeling flush, go over there and pay for a meal or two.
could be best that she got away before.
it sounds like your brother can't even be bothered to do that yet he's willing to guilt trip you.
don't feel bad about what you did personally, but take the fall in order to be there for your friend.
i imagine he's torn between wanting the job for himself and wanting you to get it, too, so it would be uncomfortable.
have a similar problem with a distant branch of my family.
if she gets mad at you again or is still complaining then tell her that she should have made up her mind on who she wanted to be with.
*one* complaint to the captain should've been enough to earn him a "this isn't working out," not "okay, multiple people whose accounts we should trust have told us this guy is incapable of handling appropriate boundaries, but let's just keep an eye on him and hope for the best despite all evidence to the contrary." this isn't a minor annoyance.
you're stopping him from making you give him $60 because he's too lazy to fill up the tank on his way back.
try to think in her point of view, how would you react if your friend intentionally starve herself to lose weight?
no, you wouldn't be the asshole.
she was way too forceful for such a young relationship.
*no, i’m not going to your party after you both left me to eat my birthday dinner alone without a single apology for bailing or even wishing me a happy birthday.
if they don’t and this is a deal breaker for you, find a new daycare and report the pictures to fb.
i completely understand, i could send you some screenshots of what just happened between me and my mom.
if your priorities and his dont align, it needs to be a more serious discussion.
the moment you stop improving your life together is the moment you're dropping the ball as a couple.
"hey x, thanks for the dinner.
this really didn’t need to be such a big deal
you sign up in 30 minute blocks for a machine.
if you can find ways to be patient with each other, some of this will work its way out.
i don't know what your school is like or what country you live in, but you might consider talking to a school counselor about it.
enjoy your time by yourself without the family or friend drama!
threatening to tell a counselor wasn’t a dick move.
take this opportunity to be a bit selfish (sometimes being selfish is the best thing we can do for ourselves) and go and meet new people, gain new experiences, etc.
note: i am a man and a hubs.
if not, that is okay too.
as long as you weren’t a total jerk to him when you confronted him, i’d say you’re solidly .
as you say, it is her trip, and i'm sure she's done a lot of planning.
he wants to do something right and will feel terrible if you let him take you out for dinner only to find out that it's not what you wanted.
as long as you, as you said, respectfully asked him not to bring his wife.
they’ll be able to remove her or figure out why she’s back at least, and if not then go higher up.
if she's abused, that's tragic, but you're not the only person who can help.
she needs to set limits with them.
whew, that first paragraph is heavy duty for a high school relationship.
is your criteria a "no men" rule, or an "only women" rule?
if ally had enough foresight to plan this party with the assumption that all their old friends would likely also want their sos to attend you were clearly snubbed.
as others have noted, it’s a pretty tame joke.
she just wants to spend time with you.
that being said, as you all are in high school, this sounds more like self-created teen drama than anything else.
but he needs some serious help, and you need to work on your self esteem.
they are not your guests so you have no obligation to them.
if he wanted you to be comfortable then he would've just let you stay where you were and the underwear thing...
basically if something didn’t go my way that was the end of that and it’d be a screaming match.
sounds like she's got other issues she's is dealing with.
disengaging from a toxic family member is sometimes the only reasonable way to handle it.
i would have done the same thing you did when i was in school, because what’s right is right.
right now your co-workers think about you, want to engage in small talk.
common decency requires a normal person to communicate with someone they live with.
i’m actually on the same boat my sister is 13 and wants to go trick or treating, i don’t live in a not so nice neighborhood so i would have to drive somewhere and there’s so much traffic and i don’t know how to tell her i don’t wanna go since i just got off a 10 hour shift, in your case definitely  she needs to grow up and can’t give her everything she wants
if you want to preserve the friendship long-term, be as patient as possible.
spell out for them how devastating it was.
if someone is using something you own, you have full control over if they get to use it or not
you should expect a little noise when living in an apartment but it sounds like they just didn’t control their child and are now using their music to attempt to punish you for complaining (or they’re just insanely inconsiderate).
my older sister is like this.
- like so many posts in this sub, this is merely a communication issue.
it is common courtesy to give up your seat for people who are pregnant or disabled, but if she wanted the seat she could have asked for it.
it’s reasonable to ask him to put a shirt on when you have company over.
they also most of the time tell white lies to get away with things, this is a natural part of growing up.
since he treats his stuff the same way and he can afford to just replace whatever he breaks, he probably doesn't realize that he's coming off as disrespectful.
it's not cool to turn her down but still keep fucking around, can't have your cake and eat it too.
this does not make u bigoted, just human and honest about what u want.
(not the asshole) because it’s your house.
they have a way of downplaying the bigotry when they’re trying to pull me back in, but they haven’t changed.
also, the comment about “accepting you” goes both ways.
just like you, she has gone through something major.
i loved her so i wanted to try and help her.
she is allowed to have human moments of frustration, just as you are allowed to stumble sometimes.
drives me crazy when people get offended on someone else's behalf.
i think you should read more about the ways people react to rape, and then decide what to think.
you are taking up space, you should be paying for it.
you’re  for wanting to preserve snacks for yourself.
protect the child make the call
his reactions sound unreasonable to me.
but you went too far with the your mom doesn’t love you
which i am sure would be awesome.
if you need a konk-me-out-now type fix, benadryl is your shit.
i don't think you're an asshole for minding your own business and quietly exiting the friendship.
hard to say about the other one, because you don't know what was said.
you are a maid to your boyfriend and his family.
you just want some solo time with friends, unencumbered by little ears.
different people move on at different times.
getting butt hurt about a text that wasn't returned fast enough sounds like teenager behavior.
there isn't a communication gap here?
and it is worse on an expired license, as your insurance may not cover it.
you guys had an agreement and shared responsibility of the dog.
it belongs to you, and he has no right to it.
, it's pretty much a generally accepted part of our culture at this point that college-aged people drink.
i’m gay and i don’t feel comfortable in gay bars either.
people need to realize that in posting something, you're inviting the good and the bad, and need to know how to handle them both.
if that doesnt appeal to you then that doesnt appeal to you.
i’m so bad with names, please forgive me if i have to ask you again later!” a little self deprecating humor with a laugh goes a long way 😂
at least you don’t have to deal with that anymore- that’d just make me angry
you didn’t do anything wrong, it’s just a rough situation.
per say, but i would think you lacked home training.
honestly sounds like your girlfriend’s friend group is better off w/ out her, people like that prey on others insecurities in order to make themselves feel better.
hope things continue to work out fine between you two.
talk to him and let him know he’s more than welcome to see your kid if he’s gonna step up and be a full parent, which includes financial support.
if she doesn't hold up her end of the bargain then there's no reason you should either.
, if you do it politely.
try to keep in contact with your brother, as hard as that might be.
you’re never obligated to keep people in your life you don’t want.
if you cannot do it, you cannot do it.
common sense when dealing with kids this age.
also remember that autism is in a spectrum.
are you dining just before/ after peak hours?
for your husband not to defend you in these situations is, imho, beyond fvcked, but perhaps not worth ending your marriage over - it is not unusual that he is weak against an abusive parent (see r/justnomil and r/justnofil), though speaking from personal experience, it is satisfying when you finally put them in their place.
just because they are related to you or older does not make them not shite.
if this specific example was one of only a handful of times she’d been like this, i’d be inclined to consider whether there’s something deeper going on (is she terrified because she thinks her husband is going to leave her and she’ll be alone, for example?) but it sounds like this is just how she is, and you’re right that you just need to have a pretty frank conversation about it.
you don’t owe anyone any apology.
, you gave them multiple chances.
the reason i say  is because at this point he's being emotionally abusive and manipulative towards you.
, and this is a big, big red flag.
your friend needs to take more responsibility with his money.
it is not selfish, all relationships must have their limits.
it's a bit presumptious of her to say that it's because he's testing her or that she needs to prove something.
i'm happily married to a woman who 8/10 times orders chicken and tenders and fries while i order some part of an animal she's never heard of.
depending on local bylaws he could be violating them by having the dogs unleashed.
you absolutely should do your studies first.
i would suggest putting your foot down but with a compromise: you don't take no for an answer and he will give couples therapy an honest chance, and if after experiencing it he doesn't feel comfortable with it then that's his decision.
it's a gift and surely the other person wouldn't expect to pay for you and your partner plus kids
it is very likely she may be waiting for you to get used to him, thinking that it's just a matter of time, but she needs to be aware of the impact this situation has on you and how you feel like you are not at home because there is effectively a stranger there.
remember you only need them in your life as much as you want them there, and if too much contact is making you unhappy, you can limit it more.
we're way too cavalier about allowing dangerous drivers to remain on the road.
sometimes the politics are just ridiculous necessities
i'm convinced that older people often just need something to be upset about in order to stay regular.
but you are a bit thick to think that your sister would be able to save money and pay you back if she couldn't save the money in the first place.
i would be leery of a “friend” who wants to stunt the progression of your relationship simply for the sake of their own comfort.
as someone with an autistic kid, speech therapy seriously was like a miracle.
sounds like you been raising 5 kids instead of 4.
you saved the dog from what seems like a pretty bad situation, and i applaud you for that, but judging by the reaction of the owner, they wouldn't have minded if youd just asked for the dog.
though you are not entitled to any of the estate you also are not required to manage it for free either.
it was out of your control and you did everything you could to sort it out.
also you could sync your phone calendars to avoid accidentally double booking yourselves.
that’s way too late and they need to control themselves because that’s just nasty
sometimes family creates more anxiety than strangers do.
if she doesn't have a way to know when someone's at her door then that is a clear choice she's made to lean on her disability to ignore people.
the dog is literally fully reliant on you for everything and for keeping them safe sooo...
yes, it can be painful and some people do have frequent recurrences, but overall it’s more of a social stigma than a health concern (excepting vaginal delivery during active outbreak but i don’t think that’s something you’re too worried about op).
we do appreciate it if you do leave a tip but any reasonable person will understand that you did not get serviced.
- i understand entirely where she's coming from, and i also see the confusion on your side.
it worked for you and a, plus it saved money on all sides (from what i'm understanding).
anyone who's reasonable would be happy to let you all have the table.
why can’t they call/message me directly ...
taking advantage of your parents is a major asshole move.
on her part, she seems to have either held a grudge, or something, and was also straight up using you like crazy.
and that's where your focus needs to be.
or just do it when he’s not there; i would give you 95% odds that he won’t notice it even if you were to hotbox the living room.
i think this is something you should unpack in a different sub, like r/relationshipadvice or something.
edit- just for clarification, the town i grew up in would always do halloween stuff on the weekend, regardless of when the 31st was, and we all loved it.
she needs to respect you and your decisions.
your mum is probably nervous and letting of some steam.
looking back, it's so obvious she was just stringing me along.
- in a healthy relationship you should make your partner feel attractive when it comes to intimacy, your bf clearly isn't taking your well being into account.
i kind of hate to admit, but something similar worked pretty well on me when i got to the moody teenage years
i only say this because it might help you rationalize this to your second head, which is calling the shots as of yet.
you were upfront with the conditions you were prepared to be with her for and they have been breached.
sure it sucks, but that's what partners do for the family.
, but maybe you should take the questions from now on.
totally  - i am an animal fanatic, and what he's doing is straight up neglect.
but, i certainly wouldn't put a dog down after 1 bite.
hes comfortable where he is at.
hope you and pup take care of each other
i have zero idea how much they cost to charge however, so that may not even be relevant.
and for what it's worth, saying that you are trying to make new friends because all your old ones moved away is a pretty valid excuse.
he needs to sort out his own problems and get that knee checked.
i think i don't know much about poly relationships but you should know how changes in the group dynamic should affect you.
this cop is very clearly the asshole in this situation
pretty much what everyone else on such posts would say.
, but rather than ignoring him (which angers him) clearly tell him each time that you aren't interested in doing the role play.
the students are there to get the best education they can.
if you want to follow your heart and dreams.
don’t spread damaging rumors without any proof.
there's really nothing a stranger could do to change the mind of another stranger.
but why are you even with her?
as there is no written agreement and it was to help you a judge would dismiss it.
she'll never solve the issue though until she recognises it and wants to change.
that's pretty unacceptable behavior on their part, living in an apartment setting.
but this can backfire and hard.
your aunt, cousin and your mother are all assholes.
that's not the fault of either party.
but i do think that having a private mental deadline is less than healthy.
&#x200b; there's a big difference between putting someone down (to hurt their feelings) and having some "bro time"
, she can't drain your money then get mad that you can't give her more to fund her poor financial choices.
your fiancé seems manipulative and i’d watch out for john in the future.
if they have an ed, their comments are most likely a compulsion and i’m sure something they would rather not speak about either, so i would try to approach it from a place of compassion.
.delivery driver working for both teams?
props to you for being sensitive to your so’s feelings (gee, i wish my husband was like that!).
and then trying to call you the asshole for it lol yeesh.
tell your mom the bigger reason you didn't wanna go is cause you didn't wanna be bodyshamed cause the comments she make are getting to her.
you can still be friends with her but dont throw it in his face - at least give him 3-6 months to get over it.
he sounds like a prick even just for the loud videos during a movie and his reaction, let alone the 'prank.' he was a guest and he disrespected you.
it does not matter if what you've said is the truth or if your viewpoint could potentially be valuable to the community because they are not willing to think critically about the topic.
if i hid behind a corner and jumped out at someone while wearing a mask, i wouldn’t blame them for punching me in the face.
that doesn’t mean that the person or the drug are necessarily bad on their own- but something about the combination is making you uncomfortable.
like you said, you aren't her dad.
you’ve paid them so there shouldn’t be any issue.
it sucks but that’s how it is.
, your friend is a jerk.
i dont have any friends because of reasons like that, i always get sucked into these leech like friendships.
- you've only been dating a month.
it would be different if she were paying you but you're giving her a gift.
from 13 all the way to 31.
i would get someone from school involved.
also, there's absolutely nothing wrong with being a virgin, don't feel bad about yourself.
it’s less about the beliefs and more about respecting your decisions as a parent/teaching the kids to respect other kids’ parents decisions
tears or not, power through it.
you can’t even order what you want to eat for dinner without getting blown up on?
it sounds like you've made her aware that it makes you uncomfortable and she's choosing to respect that.
it can't hurt to ask for more.
if i were her i'd think it strange, and probably be the slightest bit irritated that i couldn't spread out into what could have been an open seat, but it doesn't make you an asshole or warrant snide remarks.
you didn't react badly at all.
i watched my sister go through a terrible addiction.
don't apologize for your tastes if they're true to you and don't apologize for your family's wealth (well, provided that it comes from an ethical source ;) ).
and if she doesn’t respond or just tells you to drop it again..
you worked hard and you’re taking care of yourself and your wellbeing.
- your family needs to understand that you have other family/in-laws who would also love to celebrate with you.
you maybe should have probed a little before helping them, but their asshole-ness is not your fault nor is it your responsibility.
you're lucky you have someone that cares about how well you do in school.
he was about 19-20 years old then.
you aren't slut shaming, you just need to set clearer boundaries.
if your friends want some cookies they can go buy a box for themselves.
in any work environment, the ideal is that you can approach a manager with a concern if you are uncomfortable addressing it directly with the party in question.
or she can pay to be a permanent resident, if that would make it more acceptable to you.
at this point they have no one to blame but themselves if another complaint leads to eviction.
if it were ideal weather, maybe it would be less of an issue, but they're repeatedly being a nuisance.
yeah living with roommates often sucks, even if they're good ones, were u all living in one room or was it like a dorm with a common kitchen and bathroom?
you're not an asshole, but you walked into this.
if he cannot pay for it, his stuff will be stored (neatly, nicely, to the basement) where he can collect it at a time when he is either going to move in, or move back home.
i tried talking to him through facebook but found that we had just drifted too far apart and our friendship was eventually done.
he needs to learn some coping mechanisms that he can do on his own.
chili does sound pretty good though...
this was a professional communication that was so badly written you thought it was a request by a nigerian prince to help get his money out of the country, and you let them know why you were concerned.
at this point, you need to protect yourself.
- it seems like you feel abandoned by your family in your time of need and then bitter that they were able to find it within themselves to summon up concern for your so.
you accept that you are an asshole for not giving your half-brother the time of day, and you even say that you think it stems from jealousy and anger.
if she was having these issues it would just keep coming up.
if you love her, you should be honest and either take a break to reevaluate how you guys want to move forward, or potentially break up if you feel this strongly about it.
you are not obligated to perform for him and put yourself in pain.
start the file over and tell him not to touch it.
ima give it to you straight miss.
but this sounds a little weird, so i understand why your dad is being protective.
i dont really see what the broken ankle has to do with sitting in your seat, that was probably harder to get to in the first place vs the aisle seat they paid for, with the broken ankle and all....
: while i haven't been to a quinceanera, you said no, and they refused to take it.
they're sometimes very hard to be around because it gets exhausting to be around a constant stream of negativity and it becomes your job to try to fix it.
if the idea of them not showing up is a pretty strong possibility, then this party shouldn’t be happening.
and it’s better to know sooner rather than later.
it's not an asshole thing to want to save yourself the emotional damage of getting close to someone and then losing them, especially if it's a recurring thing.
but in this case, he didn't respond well and he didn't know is music well.
also, there's definitely something else going on cuz it doesn't make sense why she would specifically disproportionately ignore someone she's supposed to be friends with.
you were a horny teenage boy navigating a sexual relationship with an asexual girl.
they're a disposable personal household item.
on behalf of all the people who cannot take that kind of eating habit, !!!!
what are you getting out of it?
do they have buckles on their hats?
if not i'd let him know so he can make a decision on if hes still in to her or just spending money on another dudes wife
your friend is, and seems to have always been the asshole.
she shouldn’t be mad at you for not telling her sooner, even though you guys used to be close.
but what's stopping them from taking food from the garbage and suing you guys?
she was in the wrong and you called her out for it.
if she's fully recovered now she should be helping round the house.
you say you love him, and emotionally abusive people have a way of manipulating that love and getting you to do and agree to things you later regret (even when it's unintentional on their part).
i don't understand how you don't speak the same language as your parents?
you sound like a lovely person, op.
but then again i wouldn't have children i couldnt afford to put in childcare so i could work either🤔 and thats why i'll never have my third baby.
or maybe she felt extra lonely and went a little nuts.
if he said anything about it, i'd tell him to use the remaining proceeds from the sale of my car to hire some help.
sometimes you have to take a stand.
since they haven't offered, then they don't really value him.
i agree with other posters that breaking up with your bf likely caused him distress and it is something he had no control over and wasn't his fault.
neither of her husbands cared much at all for me, but i blame my mom for that more than them.
keep yourself healthy and move on, bud.
she was selfish, you were silent about a lot of things when you should have spoken up.
- i'm not sure if your parents actually favor your sister or if she's just the fuckup, but taking your cash to help her is insanely not cool
hard to fully explain, but .
cut your losses or get drained forever.
- you need a new roomie very fast!
regardless of the circumstances your friend needs to do his own work.
she's lied to you before, she's probably lying to you again.
that is a toxic situation he set him, you & other friends up in - so don't be surprised if you see him less because you did your best to save from the cheating girlfriend, but he doesn't care due to wanting a girlfriend more than genuine friends watching his back.
your brother sounds abusive and even if he's now 'vowed not to be that way' any more, it doesn't mean you have to suddenly accept him back.
i hate it when one person ruins things for everybody else.
you're not an asshole for not wanting to go out especially if you weren't feeling well.
definitely , some kids aren’t emotionally developed like others.
that's not appropriate and certainly is something that should be addressed.
what are we going to exchange numbers or social media profiles?
other non-intimate mementos are okay to keep and you'd only cross the asshole line if you asked/made him to get rid of those.
maybe make a group chat and only type in there so everything is aired out.
if you want to be fair, make her a scarf with red heart super saver 🤣🤣🤣 or scrubby yarn!
you have a car and a way to contact her, but you didn't reach out either way until the afternoon of the day itself.
obviously he wont fail as a result, because he already did his own work.
also, it only makes sense for them to ask the people they live with if they know anything about it.
to me, this is just a case of poor communication.
you professionally have a lot more to lose than him and it doesn’t sound like he’s acknowledging that.
and happy birthday for when that comes.).
my condolences to you & your friends - he truly put you all in a bad spot.
all in all you're  because if he was serious and no one said anything he might be dead now.
- good riddance by the sound of it, and that whole ‘blood is thicker than water’ nonsense is a crock of shit - i have some extended family members and if they were on fire i wouldn’t waste my piss on them
he is the owner while you are the tenant.
this is not normal or healthy behavior and considering how they take issue with respecting your privacy (whether for work or otherwise), you probably shouldn't *want* them in your house when you aren't there.
there's no fix to it though, sounds like you (like me) just have a loud, boisterous family.
2 - forgetting to tell you he made new plans.
if your sister doesn't see the trip the same way she may not have given much thought about her friend coming.
definitely , kids need to learn how to lose or they turn into assholes
that's exactly what it sounds like is going on here.
and he should've respected you wanting to watch your movie.
it may help to seek counselling about your grief.
he uses 13% more of the blanket so should put in for that too right?
be there for your dad, with your dad, i'm sure he's not truly upset with you, and is processing everything just like you are.
, your reaction to the situation is not indicative of “this guy needs therapy” and cps would have laughed in ml face.
you could call the licensing bureau, ask them to initiate a review of his entire business and have his license pulled.
then, bring it to a lawyer, watch them laugh at said lawsuit, and move to countersue for harassment or whatever.
you have a responsibility to take care of yourself.
but you gave your wife fair warning you didn't want the dog and now here you are.
if i were a dude and my girl keeps crying during sex, it would mess with my head like i'm doing something wrong even if she reassures that it's okay.
you only went in the first place at his request, now he's throwing a temper tantrum, making you lose your money.
unless she knew she wasn't going to get any money at all, which is a bigger issue.
inevitably there will be stories of family or of growing up, and i’d say just tell your kid about your brothers without making a big deal.
grown ups have important discussions about sex.
people who are able to attend classes at the college level are capable of understanding the rules of the game.
the unfortunate thing about connecting over suffering is some people prefer to wallow rather than stay in the solution.
she's probably just looking to lash out because she's stressed or upset about something else.
you're not obligated to be someone's therapist for the sake of being polite.
that’s your console and your friends.
as a parent, i would never allow that kind of behavior in my household between children.
i'd honestly end things with someone who would say that.
- just politely decline, you’re not obligated to go.
there are plenty of workplaces that are suited fo people with epilepsy.
you decide how you want to proceed on this in the future.
no ones business but yours and your clients.
wait, jim was saying he meant to send that to his own girlfriend because he was angry with her and therefore wanted to rape her?
honestly would be saying  whether or not it was his tv.
your parents need to stop supporting her.
it sounds like she might be trying to be more, but that doesn't seem to work for you.
i'm pretty sure you know you're .
don't let anyone make you feel like management deciding to schedule you more than her is somehow your fault.
it’s not unreasonable for her to want her sons birthday to be recognized.
your husband may have a poor understanding of cat psychology and behavior, or he may just be attached to the two new cats because they were his father’s.
, but you could be if you really wanted to be.
the way i think you meant it(this is my interpretation so this part is very open to debate) was that you were trying to let your friends and her friends get fucked over by her lying to them or manipulating them.
they need close down in an orderly fashion, wish them well and let them do it but without asking you to shoulder the risk.
he might end up being your boss in 20 years.
for not wanting to be a full time dad.
i don't mean to be a downer, but i wish someone had asked me that when i was mothering the shit out of one of my exes, who would literally buy new underwear every week so he didn't have to do laundry, and then never came up with his half of the rent.
she's allowed to not want to hang out with people.
stand your ground, he'll either get over it or prove he's not a good partner
if it were me i wouldn't allow him to use your account anymore.
she sounds like a choosing beggar to me.
i do shipt as a side job and it’s great for people in your situation.
games are meant to be fun and bonding when played with someone.
it's up to you what you believe in, and you shouldn't be forced to take part in it if you dont believe in it.
you offered to be friends, and he said no (which is understandable).
besides, if they're that drugged out that they can't remember anything, how are they going to argue that they didn't tell you that you could have it all back again?
if she's actually sorry and realizes the damage she inflicted on you, then she should know that it's up to you if/when you decide to reconcile.
based on what your boyfriend said, but if you have to ask internet strangers, it doesn't sound like you have worked out a full agreement with your boyfriend?
i think getting help is the right thing to do.
cut that negativity out of your life and move forward.
it just sounds like she's not really into you and doesn't want to mess things up.
, and i'm sorry that you're going through this, but i don't think this is something that really belongs on this sub.
yeah, you could have planned better, i can even kinda understand her being upset in the moment, you probably should have told her about the cake when there was still time to go shopping so she could choose what she wanted more.
honestly, he made it way weirder and i don’t blame those girls for being uncomfortable.
this would save you a little cash and eliminate the stress you feel when you see other people in your spot.
i wouldn't call it procrastination, rather more of an avoidance.
it is not good for her and probably part of the reason you are not having sex very often.
basically let him back in if he approaches you a bit more humbly and nicely.
stick with the guy who is dedicated to learning the job and isn't a pain in the ass.
i’d encourage you to have a discussion about it with your parents, if you feel comfortable.
legally she has to tell you to take an ambulance (it’s a liability thing).
right now they're doing neither and expecting you to do both, and that just isn't a good partnership.
i have a bad habit of chewing my nails and i don't notice it all the time but it annoys people sometimes.
i'm not too sure on your rights re regualr visitation to see her, but i'm sure a free quick family law consultation would be able to say if they could help you or not.
you gave him many chances to meet up and it appears that he has only replied when it was convenient for him.
my dude, tell that chap to get fucked - all he gave a monkeys about was getting to wherever he needed to be at whatever cost, which he now expects you to sort out - he had absolutely no right to do what he did
except maybe to yourself =( >my role in the friend group is the backbone, the person who keeps you grounded and listen to everybody's problems.
hope it works out for the best!
- step dad number 2 seems like the worst free loader i've ever heard of.
talking with food in your mouth is rude and it's rude for the same reason in videos as it is in person.
guy needs to be fired because he is not adequately performing his function, and that's just how life works.
but anytime i brought it up to her, she always turn the conversation back to how it was hard for her to watch me get married because i was lucky enough to have a dad to walk me down the aisle.
they should've noticed that you are not interested in that conversation and talk about something else, because there is no reason for you to be left out.
both of you are caught up on semantics.
that level of hate isn't rational nor is it acceptable for a mother to just let it go and bury it.
your adorable 7 year old self was not the asshole, would you be an asshole now if you said no to going out with someone you didn’t want to go out with and said yes to someone you did?
maybe it's time to visit your family for an extended break?
if they chose to lie to you then now its their problem.
just say that some girls have girlfriends and some have boyfriends.
i can not imagine him caring about what you do.
apologize for making her uncomfortable but leave it at that.
, just a sad story about loneliness, and the importance of having multiple robust friendships.
it is really really hard to get me to agree with not tipping, but bringing the kids menu is an insanely insulting thing to do to someone.
like, respond to them if they’re talking to you but remain unmoved by their words or general shenanigans.
so if you say you weren't, i believe you.
or she is using emotion to gain a upper hand in the relationship.
i understand telling you why it's that way but hinting or trying to get you to put a better review or saying your offended by change is ridiculous
a person really has to look after themselves in those circumstances.
personally, what i'd recommend since it sounds like you actually want to go anyway, turn it into a mini vacation.
it is impossible for two people to agree about everything.
sending you a hug in a heartbreaking situation.
if your girlfriend wants to willingly spread sickness, give that poor girl a kiss lol
high school sports coaches should know their players are involved in other stuff, and have to miss practice because of conflicting interests
you worked extra to make sure you could pay for this meal, and it was a special occasion so it's to be expected that you'll spend a little more.
if it comes to the point of harrassment from jacob, call the police.
keep it lighthearted / silly and i’m sure she’ll be okay w it.
don’t let her hold you back.
if he didn't want her finding out, maybe he shouldn't have stuck his dick in someone 3 days later.
donating your money to the charity would've been noble, but ultimately it's your choice as to where you want to donate, and if you'd like to donate.
what if they try to throw things back?
it's rude for her to treat you like a chauffeur when you're doing her a favor.
things like this make me look back and wonder how any of us survived highschool/being teenagers.
also- live with my dog that’s pretty sure to tuck up your shit, lose our security deposit, and dick with your peace of mind or i won’t live with you at all seems .
is he specially trained or otherwise equipped and prepared to stop an attacker?
they are the wild west of our modern world
it sounds like your dad was bad at communicating what you wanted.
he does seem pretty overly dramatic/sad you have the full right to choose how and with who ur going to spend ur time with.
you can tell her you weren’t trying to be ugly to her if you want but she probably already knows.
don’t really know what to say.
if you feel like she isn’t respecting your feelings, tell her that.
this is just one of those situations where you know you're wrong for feeling some kinda way about something so you have to rationalise it with yourself.
also sometimes labels get in the way.
, you worked your ass off and your parents would probably understand
even if you get it back promptly and in one piece, what about the next time, or the next?
the audacity to think that we owe them based on shared blood is astonishing.
it's caregiver fatigue, and it's very real.
if he didn't change in the 7 years of your marriage of being a verbal, emotional, and physical abusive piece of shit, then no way he changed in 4 months of being separated.
they need to soak up information, that isn't "being hard on them" at all.
she can only communicate through instagram?
i try not to be too upset with sick people in public, because maybe they really have to go to work/go to doctor/get groceries etc.
by the time he hit the median area he was going super slow, but kept going.
they should have either accepted payment from the kid or filed an insurance claim.
- at the beginning i was thinking you might be the asshole, but after the you can just sleep on the couch thing, i've come to the conclusion that the others are assholes.
he doesnt get to tell you what to do with your social media accounts, especially after how he treated you.
you aren't entitled to help people, but make it clear if that's the last time you are going to help them if they skip frequently.
you don't offload your expenses onto friends.
at 15 you're just getting started, and clearly you're going places.
i’m really sorry you opened yourself to get to know these people and they are manipulating and bullying you in this way.
but this sort of thing should be figured out in advance.
, but you should have made it clear in the beginning you had no interest in going.
all the things that you could do, he could do, too.
you’re  but here’s some info from a veteran.
or it could be trauma related.
why do they need you there for the conversation if you can’t join?
depression and anxiety can be really rough, and for a lot of people, me included, the best way to get help is from a professional.
telling your boss about that is something above your pay grade and might complicate you in the future.
in fact, your boyfriend sounds like a major asshole for repeatedly pushing the issue when you've made your feelings clear.
you’re absolutely right that it’s your right to dress how you want, and you owe no one any obligation to be “sexy” in their estimation.
, some people don't connect with their family, some people have connections but grow apart.
, sadly people in abusive relationships often can't be talked out of them and trying to reason with them only ends with them planting their feet more firmly in the ground.
even if your intentions are good, the consequences are that you're starting to piss him off.
my husband likes to dig in his heels and would love to plant roots somewhere.
you’re definitely  but i would try and understand where your mother is coming from.
they're considered pests for a reason and carry some serious diseases.
they know that there are times when i actually need space and there are times when i need them even if i say i don't.
honestly, a 1 year sobriety "party" sounds like a misnomer anyway- she wants to be congratulated for one year?
i mean, yeah it's not good to lie and all that, but you had good intentions.
what if he decides that he just doesn't want to work?
seems like the best reason to not date him isn't his religion, but the fact that he's an enormous dickhead.
no, they are a self-important ass.
tell her to take her baby rabies and stuff it.
this is exactly how you should handle it.
i’d they’re thinking it is ok for having you sleep on the couch.
she sounds like a bitch but just don’t get involved or talk to your roommate about it because it could start problems between you and your friend.
you need to drop that bitch fast.
conversely, you can sit down and talk about how to split the new household responsibilities, because you didn’t agree to it and you shouldn’t be responsible for the jobs of two people.
especially since the mom was ok with it.
does this sub have a sort of a handle for "the other person is the asshole"?
, it is not unreasonable to wish for a couple days a week that your apartment is yours and there are no visitors.
you're teaching him manners, if anything.
unless you have harmed the relationship in ways you are not sharing here, she sounds toxic and irrational.
are you trying to be a cuckold?
she may choose the bottle, or she may choose you.
the sexual photos you can't control, and you can't control who she talks to.
address the problems you’re having with you boyfriend and try work out solution if you can’t then just don’t go because if you feel left out then you might as well not be there
that's not the person who played card and board games with me, started teaching me to draw and introduced me to star wars and arnie movies.
but your mom definitely is - it's clear she playing favorites and wants you to pay for everything for your sister
tell the guy about the situation, be an adult, if he's strongly opposed to it, and you respect his opinion as a former good friend, you're the asshole for then hooking up with her.
don't defend yourself or play her game though.
you could've just *hammered* that point and not been the asshole.
you almost have to try to have it put you in danger like he's talking about.
if someone asked me “hey, can it just be you and i next time?” i wouldn’t be offended at all
i admire truth and can totally understand where you coming from.
literally nothing bad happened to anyone.
everyone has limits/boundaries/lines they won't cross, it's totally fine to draw the line in the sand.
, it sounds like you do plenty and it’s not your responsibility to replace your mum as a parent whenever she doesn’t feel like it.
but for *reasons*, apparently, it's more important to her to 'celebrate' her impending grandchild in an attempt to deflect attention from the questionable circumstances of said grandchild's very conception, and she wills the likes of miscarriage and misery on you instead of wondering wtf kind of things her *13yo daughter* has been up to with her 14-15yo 'boyfriend'?
addiction surely is not doing to simply vanish just because someone else got into it.
everything you wrote in your last paragraph has to be communicated to him immediately.
don’t get me wrong, i feel you.
i don’t see that happening though.
your wife needs a psychiatrist, maybe even to be committed to a mental health facility...
you can choose your friends as you like.
- you have roommates and it’s their home too.
sure, they're often there because declawing causes behavioral problems, but better to get one already harmed than to give a perfectly good cat anxiety.
you told her it seemed she still liked her ex & she didn’t seem as invested as you are?
you can definitely find someone that is more open when it comes to these things.
don't blame yourself for what she did.
she is trying to get you going by using someone else's status against you.
i am your mother’s age with children around your brother’s age.
unless you were screaming at her, but it doesn’t sound like it.
- you responded correctly and she is completely in the wrong.
and my mom said to my dad, "i'm being nice to her now because i already know that when she dies, she is going to hell."
they never asked because they knew it was a reasonable boundary on your part.
but it shouldn't need to be said.
your dad has been getting under your skin for your whole life.
if she can make time to hangout with her friends, not one of those times could have been put for you?
your friend should be with someone who is interested in her.
also, when it comes time for payment from the customers i bet there will be some backlash.
depends too on how much work the server has to do; sometimes they do assemble your order, other times they just hand you the bag that was assembled by kitchen staff who will never see a tip.
however, i feel like avoiding things, particularly people, is almost never a good approach.
if he's done it to you once, he'll probably do it to you again.
it just sound like you're a normal person.
set an achievable goal, break it down into steps to achieve that goal, then bust ass trying to take those steps.
perhaps you will regret excluding the children from your life.
although if they hear your dog at 830am every morning they don't have a point but it's a good excuse for them to blasting it.
but god damn you chose a bad post title.
however, if two people felt compelled to call you out separately i would say you’re either omitting vital information that paints you in a negative light or you seriously need new friends.
honestly, i'm surprised you haven't kicked her out.
just tell the boss the things you wrote here, i'd say that should be enough (if the boss is a normal human being)
that’s what drives “family”, not a name or a jawline.
this whole post is quite the (pun intended) you ended this relationship because she got mad at you for *rightfully* not wanting an infected towel, not *just* because of the gastro incident (though that certainly didn't help her case).
because even if they are 100%, it’s still an emotional ordeal.
dm him hard and drop the mic, never speak to them again!
because they are our parents they feel they have complete free reign over our life and space especially since you live with them.
and of course if it isn't wrong, then she shouldn't think that it is, but her sexual orientation still has nothing to do with it.
if your interest in her was romantic and she told you she didn’t reciprocate those feelings, there’s nothing wrong with distancing yourself.
anything you borrow you have to pay back, usually with significant interest.
getting a lease with your best friend is already a risky situation, i know from prior experience.
(yes, i am canadian) the benefit of aging out of your parents home is building a network of people who love and support you, and vice versa, because they want to not because they are dna bound to.
i know it will be hard to talk to him about it since he's being evasive, but you do need to just sit down and say, "honey, getting married is important to me, and the longer we live together without getting married, the more afraid i am that i'm going to get stuck in a dead-end relationship.
you plan on paying for it yourself, and seem to have somewhat of an idea of what you want to do.
no way she didn't know what she was doing.
explain that you’re not going because they always stop to eat, you can’t afford to do that, and you don’t want to sit there watching them eat.
there are some good techniques out there for trying to remember peoples names.
it doesn't have to be a mode of operation.
i am sure everyone involves know that you're not always good on money.
you’re an adult and you’ve got to ensure that you’re environment is not toxic, which based on the information you’ve given us appears to be just that.
however, her reaction was totally uncalled for.
past history of not getting pregnant is not effective birth control.
, but pressuring him clearly isn't what's going to help improve his mood or rekindle his past passion.
instead of shouldering the bill, you could frame it as a potluck where everyone brings a little something.
no one wants to hear that their beloved pet will have to die.
the only thing she had to do was place the key under the mat it's the epitome of 'you had one job' had i been you i would've told her to drive the 20 minutes to your hotel instead if she actually wanted to spend time together
if you don't want to go, don't.
don’t be pressured into something that you’re not prepared for/shouldn’t be expected to be ready for
maybe you could say it’s *inspired* by an african dish(es) so you can keep the ownership of the recipe while still giving a nod to the origin of the flavor profile?
- if the dog wasn’t staying at their house, she should have cleared it with your mother beforehand.
a relative of mine sounds very much so like your sister — we see her at thanksgiving and christmas, maybe.
a lot of people who are extroverts think it is the easiest thing in the world to just mingle and make conversation, but it can be very hard and uncomfortable.
take a breather and see what’s wrong.
so as long as you're not acting annoyed, you're fine.
your out $200 towards her private family gofundme.
and man, you're being a doormat.
, it sounds like she needs to learn how to communicate, and be communicated with.
it’s just not worth it to me.
if you don’t want your father to “give you away”, you don’t have to.
there are things they could do to help that besides doggy daycare, and it's kind of sad that they chose not to.
you need to end this relationship soon as possible.
have you been clear about why you want him to ask you?
don't waste your time with her outside of a working relationship.
the way you act now will affect the course of your relationship forever.
he knows now, and as long as you were polite, thanking him but explaining how it made you a bit uncomfortable, i don’t think you’ve done anything wrong.
needless to say, having experiences like that makes one slightly adverse to having “nice ink!
you've done your brother and sil a big favor by letting them stay for three months.
he has had a full decade to get his shit together.
i have a feeling this won't be the last time you're forced to have an exchange like this.
however, if the incidents described in the post happened before you coming of age, then the reactions they had have reason, but are still exaggerated and controlling.
, if you are both on the lease you could be held responsible for the mess.
this dude is a scumbag and shouldn’t be a cop.
i think he just had an aneurism.
she seems to have convinced herself that playing along with what you wanted would make you change your mind.
just because there's blood relation doesn't mean you have to put up with them.
answering all her nervous questions is good.
we broke up partly because of the other guy, and she went running right to him without hesitation.
>this woman from my area messaged him a selfie with a very very low cut top on and began telling him about her breasts and informed him that she's recently had a surgery on them.
also it bugs me when people say "my dog is just quirky" instead of saying "i haven't trained my dog to walk beside me".
seeing them or imagining touching them makes me want to rip my own face skin off my scalp.
encourage her, find out if there are any events in town and bring her to those events.
your money and your body, to do with what you will.
if it’s too much, it’s too much.
plus side my wife said it felt like she was herself as soon as she pushed our lo out.
i think if they agreed to pay for part of her education years ago - no strings attached - you are  for not wanting to divert marital funds to repay them.
>he says boys pick on girls they like basically what's happening is the kid version of domestic violence.
if someone is actually concerned for your health, that is one thing.
however, a is bordering on asshole territory by trying to get you to exploit the fact that they appear female to get your mom okay with sleepovers.
how on earth can you be expected to learn with either of those "adults" watching you?
it's not "helping" if she's not actually learning anything.
however, being supportive and compassionate does not mean tanking your own grades or putting up with a group member who doesn't pull their own weight.
hope you can come to peace with yourself.
you explained your rationale nicely and the kid should have been reprimanded for their response.
source: lived in an apartment with 4 other people, 3 guys, 2 girls, 1 bathroom and there was never any fucking toilet paper.
just tell everyone that you didn’t think your company was doing birthday celebrations anymore since they skipped the last birthday (yours).
this is a "do you" situation.
actually i find her behaviour and sense of betrayal really odd.
it is also quite rude since you know public spaces and public etiquette.
also get a little strainer on your tub.
it’s a troublesome situation, but you can’t ignore threats like that.
shelter in place until your feelings settle.
i've always been a big fan of snitching.
have some respect for yourself, and end this relationship.
one thoughtless moment doesn’t make a thoughtless boyfriend...
i admire you for being compassionate about it and worrying that you’d be screwing her if you went forward with getting your money back.
>had their airfare covered so it was at no cost to them.
politley explain that you needed more time in advance to work your schedual around it then offer in a week or so to come down and have dinner to celebrate her new marriage.
i used to sleep on the couch when i was upset with my (now ex)wife.
your size is out of your control
even if they throw it away, someone else will sort through and be thrilled to get warm supplies.
breath right strips work for me.
i am the male version that was in a similar situation.
wouldn't your bf want to know if you made it home?
who would even think about pushing a car with another car bumper to bumper?
but even if you did just tell him you’re still .
keep the line moving and do your job as best you can, the lie doesn’t hurt anyone.
that’s not always the case though.
you're on your own journey, no need for comparisons, and will be able to socialize too!
rape is a little worse than underage drinking.
- you gave her fair time to refund.
it's worth it if you use it correctly.
the number of resources that outline the benefits of vaccines is insurmountable.
if they did it without you, you could still be there after work to hang out and maybe help with cleanup if they did it on the day they want to.
then you reasonably checked for cameras because it's some strangers house.
the fact that you had to leave a party because a girl who ghosted you was there doesn't sound very healthy though.
people need to learn that others aren't magically infallible saints just because you happen to share genetic material with them.
no way would i sit on my butt all day then leave the housework and cooking to you (i’m female) she’s taking advantage of you massively.
either you have to be patient, find a time-consuming hobby, and stay as close to your friends as possible, or you find friends who are younger/childfree that can commit the same amount of time as you.
just be clear that while you may have a close relationship, it's not mom/son.
i experience the same problems with my parents, i’ve stopped basically liking anything, from a movie or a celebrity out of fear of being ridiculed from my parents.
you will probably see him at your house again very soon.
you didn’t say anything malicious whatsoever
i can understand why she may have initially thought so, but after seeing proof (which is above and beyond anyway) she doesn't have a leg to stand on.
cut people out of your life that won't support you.
i've never borrowed a car and gave it back with less gas.
i would just point out to her that you have always treated her this way and the weight loss has changed anything.
they are taking advantage of the situation.
real talk if you would have dated him you wouldn't have felt anything and that leads one or two ways and neither of you would have been okay in the end.
i would try to convince him to tell her first but if he refuses then definitely let her know
you are damning the both of you by staying in this unnecessarily toxic relationship.
it's harder for a dog with a history of mistreatment or neglect to learn new habits but it's still a matter of time and effort.
i've been in this exact situation as your friend here.
i see them separately and they know not to bitch about each other to me.
you're practically in a ldr and if your gf is upset, it could be because it seems like you're more content spending less time with her than she is with you.
i think she probably had good intentions since this is basically a tradition and sees your stressed so this was supposed to be a nice gesture in her own way possibly.
however, i totally get how the dilemma of not wanting to spend your time doing a job that you're not entirely interested in.
op, i’m a bit more than twice your age.
she honestly sounds like she might be alcoholic or a problem drinker.
if i'm playing something when she comes over i get to a stopping point and stop.
lmao so idk why they are getting mad.
but a specific alternative plan at home—cooking a meal together, watching netflix, etc.—might have helped mentally get him there so he didn’t throw a fit like a big baby.
obviously she thinks she should be able to dish it out and never take it, but that's not how life works.
now that he's blocked it can't 'accidentally' happen again.
it sounds sketchy as hell, and you should risk your financial security for that nonsense.
at worst, it'll be a nice and petty way to show him that he's been a lil shit to you.
you should be with someone who you love *while* you’re arguing.
she needed to learn that these things happen, and also how to deal with these situations, because they do happen.
that is not okay without your consent, and it wouldn't be necessary for his job to have a picture of you either.
forgetting to help you is a poor excuse.
he’s the asshole, for being dishonest with both you and her.
trying to force her to stop would be wrong, but you'd have every right to leave if you're uncomfortable.
and if they try to say it was a joke, stand your ground and tell them you know that's bullshit.
the person you talked to is paid to make it hard for you to cancel.
move on with your life and leave her
it seems odd that she'd come back with no warning from the housing department.
but again, you're totally normal and not an asshole for being skeptical of her at this point.
not only are you not responsible for her, but you don't have to get involved in every aspect of her life.
i wish them all the best.
you are going to be tempted to do similar when you get out of school and in a job/career.
why stay with someone when you aren't happy?
what does she do at the pool/beach?
at all...if they are doing serious drugs (not just mj) no more kids.
i wouldn’t say hate but i can relate to that feeling.
are you sure you want to be in a relationship with this guy?
your girlfriend has repeatedly shown zero consideration for your feelings.
bet she'd not enjoy you airing all her dirty laundry to the world.
if ronny doesn't want to make any changes to their life, they're not your responsibility.
while he and his ex-wife should definitely be making decisions together for the daughter, you are supposed to be part of his life now.
if that interrupts your school, so be it.
time for you to get something newer.
- by the way the story is written it seems he might have anger issues?
nor is there anything toxicly masculine about it.
it’s beyond tacky to say what she’s saying!
if they directly ask you to host, tell them that you're not able to host at your place.
give tom brady some pats for me.
i’m not too familiar with this but according to you, people aren’t expected to give you pointers?
what makes you think you're being an arsehole?
it sounds like your partner has some serious issues.
don't don't get offended if people shorten it the first few times.
but you're underage so you're stuck going for the next couple of years.
as long as you are upfront then they can either agree or not.
jesus christ get the fuck out of that relationship.
no discussion with your neighbor necessary, sounds like a crotchety old asshole.
i’m also thinking she may have cried because she’s feeling conflicted about acting indifferent when she’s usually pretty empathetic.
trust me, i was in a very similar situation.
- if they don't want the rent to change, then that baby needs to stay in their room.
this was a big time dick move by your dad.
even if (and that's a big if) you missed her telling you, that's not a reason to completely shut off like that.
he has a lot of nerve for wanting to stay at your place after kicking you out of his home for silly ass reasons.
in any case it was a dead end situation for her and there was no chance with you and you just expedited her chances of moving on.
once she's ready to see you (both) and the you that existed as different people unaccountable for the wrongs of the past, then you may talk.
the only long haul flights i've done with her was an 8 hour roundtrip to germany.
you’re dating someone who can’t keep track of house keys?
but if this is really bothering you, i'd say you two need to have another serious conversation about this.
will not attending brand you as “not a team player” in your work environment?
but maybe she considers that her turf.
you realised that would happen and tried to avoid it.
those boys are predators and you won’t be the last victim.
when she threatens to kill herself call 911 immediately, she needs to be taken care of by those qualified and you are not it.
this is a tough one, since it sounds like you're dealing with some cultural differences here.
if you treated him like normal though and took a complaint to the company about their pressure (and not about the secretary).
her not even telling the father shes getting an abortion (bitch move), and expecting you to drop everything...
cultivate an attitude of gratitude, i always say, and these guys clearly can't.
you were oppressed by the culture there.
also where are you located that $50 is a couple subs and drinks.
now you can work as much as you want without neglecting them." advice guy was over the top inappropriate in his response, but only one time per customer.
so i made her responsible for the bill.
she gave her unwarranted opinion and added a "no offense but" to the end.
i hope she does some growing up quick & sees that you were just looking out for her.
it's fair to want to avoid a situation between a temporary roommate (jen) and a currently permanent roommate (tom) falling apart and the situation that unfolds from that.
you're not in any way wrong for using the voucher, if he wanted it he could have claimed it.
but if she does get herself help and bounce back from this, you better not try to get back with her.
i would also look up to see what your states recording laws are.
being gay would mean you seek out guys, which you haven't done.
i honestly think you two may be better off without each other.
you dont have to chase someone to give them your money!
make sure communication is honest and open.
they are taking care of it.
it's not like you're banning the dog from your house.
maybe you need a little therapy to learn how to not be a doormat.
but it doesn’t matter you were under age drinking or if they used condoms.
there is so much pressure on women and their bodies that i can completely believe she is internally struggling with having sex and not toying with you.
they never talk anything out with you like an adult despite the fact that they expect you to act like one.
couple of short thoughts on the situation: -maybe the friends were joking around and didn't see it as a malicious attack on your food.
it depends on wether you asked nicely or if you were a dick about it.
talk about a self-centered approach to life.
he went from being frustrated and angry, he also spoke what we called 'minion' speak and was just miserable.
, you just wanted to keep others to put the blame on you, i would've done the same
at this point you do *not* even owe her a reference and i would personally not give one to her as you would be vouching for someone who would end up being equally difficult in the workplace as she is being to you now which would make you look bad.
you expected him to do exactly what you did, and then when he didn’t you were upset.
but seriously check in with your so about where \*she's\* at in all this.
you and he agreed on a price, he was happy paying the price.
that's some weird shit your folks are into.
there's a great ancient chinese proverb for this...
, marriages it's in sickness and health right.
but it's important how you go about this.
everyone grieves in their own unique way, and the important thing is to be with your dad as long as you can.
if this is how he normally handles disagreements, you're better off without him.
she's probably lonely and if she's always asking to hang out with you, she probably likes your company.
one of the main reasons i quit my last gym is no one would do anything about the guy with recording-setting bad hygiene (there's always a stinky guy at the gym but this was *real bad*).
also - those therapy apps are fucking horrible and shouldn’t be allowed.
do what you think/know to be right.
he sounds like a scumbag, why would you move in with someone who manipulates you and doesn't respect your boundaries?
however, you should also avoid personal topics like this unless you personally know the person.
a) she can drive and prefers not to.
asking him to not talk to strangers at all is a little much but he should be able to tell if another woman is flirting and end the conversation there.
you're drunk and you have a baby with you.
(your english is very good btw!)
yes, family is important but your health is more.
paying half was a reasonable compromise.
finance problems are the biggest issues for married couples and your so sounds like he’d fuck that up for y’all royally.
i'd start focusing a bit more on yourself, if your cousin is your only true friend, you should try and make friends who are able to support you during times like this, and who knows, in the future when he breaks up with this girl again, you could invite him to hang out and show him what a positive group/individual dynamic is like.
you married him, not his company, and marriage is a partnership.
this was a very serious safety concern.
how can she even be sure that she would have a baby again?
just try not to be too hard on yourself.
ask brother to help you retrieve the stand and move the whole thing to the floor.
i say, if you really wanna keep z in the loop, next hangout or getaway or whatever, plan early so that z can be involved and try to have a fun time, then apologize for not including him sooner in things.
this dude didn't have to abuse you, could of tried having a conversation about the situation.
that is, your mother is not the asshole.
living at home with no real bills or responsibility did me no good.
moving into a nursing home might be the best course of action, for his own safety and everyone else’s.
i hope you get through the grief of losing the friendship, and don't feel bad about telling her that you're not attending.
, but you’re terrible for each other.
you should talk to your boyfriend about this and calmly explain to him how this is making you feel uncomfortable.
seriously, if the other two lunches were paid for and this lunch was advertised as a team building lunch, it would only be right to assume that the host of the lunch would be your boss (through the company).
to me, second chances are reserved for things like accidentally blowing off a coffee date.
though life protip never ask why someone isn't drinking.
perhaps you'll start playing and actually she'll have a brilliant sense of humour, but your friend is just a bit anxious about how you'll all get on, so is working too hard to try to make it work.
you shouldn’t have to sacrifice your emotional well-being to satisfy her sanity or tip toe around your own relationship (open or not) to ensure that this third person is happy.
you could maybe try talking to your pastor or whatever about helping to get emma into some kind of treatment or assisted living, but letting her be someone else's problem doesn't do anyone any good.
they're kids, yes, but they should also be able to reasonably decline eating certain foods.
s is the asshole, but i expect that to be her reasoning, if she ever does disclose it.
sounds like she hoped you'd stay her toy for a bit longer.
i used to work as a project manager (contractor) and get assurances that yes there is going to be budget cuts but i’d definitely staying, and then i’d be given my notice a few weeks later.
just let them be, you have no claim to her.
as long as you aren't commenting on her appearance in class or posting publicly about it (besides anonymous reddit posts) then you are totally fine.
that is sexual harassment and as he has proven that he doesn’t respect your boundaries kick him out of your friends circle.
she had told you, you didn't remember and asked another mutual friend.
but how should we move forward?
nice of you to offer an alternative.
she may not be getting paid for having you two there, but still doesn't give her the right to steal money.
the very same people who wear headphones themselves when they do not want to be disturbed.
be as supportive as you can while remembering to safeguard your own mental health.
i couldn't live with someone like that and i don't have ocd.
as a good friend to both your brother it's sometimes the right decision to try to avoid causing him a broken heart.
you arent responsible for their business, especially since they were so woefully unprepared for anything.
not by dictating what you need done, he doesn’t work for you.
i understand why the girl was upset, since she told you that she didn't want to report the incident, but in doing so you might have prevented others from being groped.
but you should know that this will burn bridges with a and b.
you are allowed to ask other people to work for you, as long as you don't get shitty for them saying no.
(depending on where you are there may be a helpline or resources you can use to get more specific/more informed advice - google is your friend.)
your mom is overlooking a lot of her dogs aggressive behavior, and that’s not fair to everyone else who has to deal with it.
he's fucking with your mind by gas lighting you.
the people texting you should mind their business especially after hearing a one sided version of the story.
, that's a ridiculous demand to have 8 months into a relationship - and the fact that it was a demand is even worse.
if someone isn't nice to their server, they're not a nice person.
do not question doing this in the future.
plus its likely not their thing, if i had an amazing cigar and tried to offer it, a lot of people would tell me no.
i would maybe call the manager and ask what the problem is.
the world doesn't stop because it is his birthday.
you'd be absolved if it were her idea.
she guilt trips you and your best friend which is really manipulative.
for getting reasonably frustrated at what sounds like a frustrating situation but maybe a little more sympathy is called for considering no-one *wants* to be throwing up 24/7...
/r/legaladvice might be a good resource here.
they found out, so clearly he was capable of contacting people.
it’s hard to get that physical chemistry feeling over solely texts
there’s an sti risk as well.
if one of us has to go while it's occupied, we make cat noises.
, would this behavior be even remotely acceptable if the genders where swapped?
if he doesn't, and you stay with him this will be your life.
don’t get in the middle of it.
but if you keep pushing it i think you're making a mountain out of a molehill.
at this point he’s acting like a baby because he didn’t get his way.
might depend on how confrontational/protective she is, but if i thought one of “my” kids (biological or not) was getting hard done by i’d be all “can’t go because he’d miss my dance?
she is not trying to encourage you to lose weight, she is down right shaming you to feel awful about your self.
does he expect you to pay the difference?
wow we usually hear this from a woman's perspective, not a man's.
it is ok to know you cannot handle something.
the sudden nature of the change and lack of respect for your desire for space implies that she will continue to erode your autonomy if you go back.
slipped disks are fucking painful, and the cold just makes it worse.
but the employer who doesn't uphold safety of the institution is.
i think being able to communicate feelings in non-accusatory way (“i feel” not “you are”) would help.
you’re also not forcing him to do anything or manipulating him, you’ve simply given him his options.
i could see he’d be upset for you not backing him up on important issues, but like you said...
however, as time evolved i began to see the value in enjoying the experience over some impulse things like video games you may want to do instead of going on vacation.
, you don't "have" to help her out with shit or be happy for her
telling your friends you love them is a normal and healthy thing to do.
you are an adult, and engaging in consensual prostitution.
your joint debt she will need to pay, provided the documentation for the debt is both names.
it's obviously going to be tough for her to deal with initially, but you can't be held responsible for everything in her life.
due to my past i’m very alert to people who seem like they are trying to manipulate me, and sadly it’s usually been people who are too nice, too cheerful, or too positive who turned out to have ulterior motives, or really burned me in some way.
but you didn't do any of that, other than expressing your opinion through the word "can't".
my mom let her back into her life, and my dad didnt understand how my mom wasn't mad at her.
while its kind of unreasonable for you to require someone to im to get your attention because you listen to music its not your job to be a friend to this person.
i have a kid on the autism spectrum and you best believe when he goes down the a-hole road, we have a talk.
i mean your  or ungrateful and he sounds really arrogant and narcissistic so i wouldnt feel bad about yourself in any way.
just because she’s a stay at home mom doesn’t mean you’re not entitled to some of your free time on your days off.
you paid her back and obviously had cash-on-hand so an attempt was made.
it is important because you are pregnant and this can have an effect on your pregnancy.
ynta if you were upfront and explained this from start.
- hr decided to remove all music instead of just removing rap.
and i hope you seriously consider that his behavior is full to the brim with red flags.
we may negotiate an alternate payment (i buy the college kid groceries in exchange for a couple of babysitting gigs), but i never assume it's free.
whatevet your reasoning to tell her (personal gain or not, and im not saying that you are doing it for personal gain) she deserves to know because of how shitty it feels to be cheated on.
those people are not unhappy or in pain per se.
he sounds like a complete douche canoe.
i have friends that shop all night long.
hang in there and focus on yourself, you are going through hell but it's worth it in the end.
she doesn't need to *allow* you anything.
passive agressiveness in a shared living situation is the worst.
communication is key when it comes to roommates.
i've done the same to my sister and it's allowed me to help give real support to those people in the family who are still working with her, because i can now let them vent without getting drawn in.
and, as a side note, get the fuck out my dude.
then at every turn in this story you seem to really hate this party she's going to.
he is and i don't know why you put up with it
- even if your father has a mental illness, it does not mean his actions don't have consequences or that the hurt he inflicts doesn't count somehow.
your daughter shouldn't have to support her mother with her christmas money.
your bf is being inconsiderate by not discreetly translating basic sentences when they need to be translated.
it is the same argument for not indicating when you think nobody is around - it is minimal effort and you might not have seen everyone, keep them on, keep indicating.
you should never do anything you don't feel comfortable doing.
you broke up once before, hardly a stable foundation.
your father being in a fragile state that he is now, is probably very frightening to your mother especially if she's a stay at home mom and if he passes, she'll be a single mom with was it 4 kids?
eh, i'm going to say  since you didn't actually do anything, and you are just feeling kind of upset.
, but you need to move.
send an invitation clearly stating your intention to serve a vegetarian meal.
it's still sad that so many people feel that way though.
- if she's already worrying about extreme situations then it makes sense to reassess whether she's a good match for the group for everyone's stress levels.
we’ve been in a much better financial position for years and she still insisted on giving us lavish gifts.
in a sense, yes you are forcing them to choose, but that is only because they are trying to force you to be friends with the guy who cheated on you multiple times.
autism or not, toddlers are shitty human beings.
it'll be hard and it won't be met positively but it's the right thing to do.
he's being paid to perform a task, if he can't perform it then he doesn't get paid.
everyone else gets seats based on availability, you are under no obligation to offer to people of equal need.
i have friends i'm close enough to who i can talk about mental health with.
plustooalso...it’s time for people to stop calling people gay to put them down and be derogatory.
dude, you're just pushing buttons and taking my money.
this isn't a normal reaction to what your friend did.
i know you can't change the other parents minds, but i would say "i won't punish my child for sharing his interests with his teammates.
, that’s a damn good clap back.
if he has a disability, he should be working with a counselor.
and your manager acted on a one sided story from a salty, bitchy employee.
what if the stress of finals pushed him to action?
you grew up and she didn't.
the old phone is *yours*, and it's not even your bio dad asking for it back here, it's your mom and step-dad.
, you didn't force him to do anything.
that's super disrespectful to you and the time you spend trying to talk to him.
kitchen’s are usually tiled, which is the best place for a water bowl.
but you can't blame yourself for her incompetence.
making you uncomfortable like that isn't on, and you definitely shouldn't apologise to the one bullying you.
though, you can and should expect them to recompense you for the costs incurred to take care of the cat.
that seems like a no brainer.
, and if you're close with your mom just talk with her.
it seems you have to deal with some unreasonable people.
why would your gf want a drug addict thief with a violent history around her kid anyway?
no one's an a hole in the canceling plans situation, you both acted rationally and were justified in your actions.
i'd advise saying something like, “hey, i think it's great that you're so motivated to work, but to be honest, when you get ill everyone else around the office tends to get ill too.
yep, so you could put off this conversation for another small while if you wanted.
it is ridiculous to have someone fly home to watch the dog.
this is an experience that anybody who frequently interacts with beggars will get, thankfully.
considering everything else is good hopefully the novelty wears off eventually, but i bet they’ll find something new to push your buttons with...
- it can be difficult and awkward to support a grieving friend, but i'm sure it would mean a lot to them for you to reach out.
i understand she's stressed out but trying to hit you based on the story you told is not ok.
yielding the right away when it's clearly yours is the wrong thing to do.
at least how to frame it, even if she doesn't completely understand it.
i don't enjoy being around people who act that way.' you could just tell him, but he doesn't sound like the type of person who would learn something from criticism.
for not wanting to, even though i think you're in the wrong for expecting him to read your mind.
you’re allowed to want time away from even your best friends.
whatever you do, don't do what that idiot teen in massachusetts did by taunting her friend into suicide.
she was intentionally doing something wrong, she got punished for it, end of.
my boyfriend is a millwright and has already told me that the chances of him wearing a wedding band are slim due to his line of work!
you aren't obligated to justify any of it to anyone.
they had no awkward, socially inept qualms about befriending the opposite sex and didn’t have to rely on rumors and stereotypes to determine what they thought of the opposite sex; they could rely on personal experience as they were never separated from each other.
if you were wearing a different clothes than the servers
leave and deal with the financial stuff when it comes.
your fiancee might actually benefit from an iop (intensive outpatient program) that involves both a psychiatrist and individual (and possibly group) therapy.
also, people that invade your space when checking out are monsters.
what if they want to learn more about their bio father ?
i gave him back and was absolutely heartbroken so a month later i drove by just to see around midnight and surprise surprise he's out in the cold roaming around very clearly not fed or bathed or being taken care of, so i took him and drove away and never looked back.
you've got lots of empathy, great quality to have he's a huge prick and he deserves to know that he is.
personally, i would be disgusted at the idea of my partner consuming any kind of porn that involves children, even fantasies.
let it all out on the table.
like, if this is a childhood friend or a friend of a few years that you’re suddenly completely shutting out due to her turning you down, ymbta.
sounds like they just wanted a window seat without paying for a window seat.
your family is attempting to manipulate you with guilt.
welcome to the world of living with roommates.
only when you moved for some reason, when the place got better.
maybe he could find some other people to play with.
jk he’s younger than your husband but jesus fucking allah it’s the same shit.
i don't think it was a dick move to express your opinion, and i am a *firm* believer in the value of a devil's advocate (debate is *good* and no one learns anything in an echo chamber).
he wasn't allowed to attend school because of his violent tendencies, so my mother chose to "homeschool" him.
christmas eve can be spent with the family you won’t see on christmas day.
if he believes that the friendship is worth continuing, then that's his choice to make, as long as you also want to continue.
if that were me, i believe that'd be the end of that friendship.
- especially with the addition of him calling anyone who disagrees fing stupid.
how the heck are you supposed to know that?
there are hearing aids that can be attuned to devices.
children not being seen is one of the major warning signs that abuse maybe occurring.
let her know that you can still hang out with her a lot.
no one wants to listen to that.
so you have said he can come, and if he appears to be complying now you all look like jerks for kicking him out.
things like this are normal in any relationship even when antidepressants aren’t involved.
if they don't, make sure to remain calm.
/r/vegan has a great community for new people.
i find it rude that she is attempting to push her new found faith on you.
i'd stop going out with them, honestly.
personal feelings aside, it's the right thing to do, and if you're ever in that situation and don't help, you're an asshole.
it'd be one thing if her medical issues were just causing her to be slow about doing work - maybe that's something you could work around.
either way but he may not realize he does that, so telling him why you wanted to pay might help him stop doing that.
, people wont get burned if they werent thieving assholes.
people like your parents (and mine as well) will not be the norm in 20-30 years.
but at the same time he just loves you and feels like you spend less and less time with him, and things like fbi and changing college that make it even harder for him to see you just make it worse for him.
good on you for going through all that and at least trying to talk to your mom again.
just because they weren’t breaking any laws doesn’t mean they should be doing it.
i don't go to the library either when i have a strong cough.
you didn't do anything wrong, they shoulda kept better track of their pet, and the other asshole shoulda swerved.
, but eventually you hit the age where everyone has some kind of baggage.
her and her mother gang up on you when they're together, and she expects you to take time off to be with her (and her family?) but won't do the same for you.
he should have just left it the way it was, quoted you, and then let you decide.
how in the fuck do these douches get into relationships?
his dad won’t live with him and his mom keeps him crated and your bf won’t meet basic standards of training so .
don't cave in on her demands especially when she's rude, but keep a close watch on her when she threatens self-harm.
you might have had some money set aside, but if it would have meant not making your mortgage/bills for the month then it wasn't really *extra* money.
your not trying to create an ultimatum.
im sitting here with my kitty rn and the thought of someone just letting him run away is making my blood boil.
for not wanting to join their party.
this is a common and basic survival tactic.
my ex-husband used to do the same shit to me.
they kept a car that was given to you away from you, then due to their incompetence the fines accrued.
he’s controlling and this is a huge red flag.
issues or not, he needs to understand the reality of the situation.
also, he sounds like trash that you would be better off without.
but this is just that same initial problem popping back up.
i would definitely her that you’re not interested, in a respectful way, though.
if the kids that tease are just young, then just try to slowly make peace with them even if it's just awkward at first, for now they are assholes because of their immaturity, but if they're 30 years old already, then that's a big problem.
though this sounds more like something for /r/legaladvice if you want a real legal opinion on costs.
especially with the disney clips emails and stuff.
it’s a little different if he’s 45 there’s also a lot of barely legal themes in men’s porn, so maybe he’s referring to that?
she's going to be family soon and kind of already is.
i mean, it's pretty clear she lacks the respect for you demanded by a relationship.
shes going to make him choose her or you.
i don’t know what the courtesy time is on item-seat-saving but given the context, 15 minutes past doors-closed seems more than polite.
i mean what does this self-righteous prick think, that you can just go force pills down her throat?
, she seems like someone who probably has worse issues though.
that kind of uniform is often the required attire for those military members when active duty and off base.
i mean, would you wear a hijab as a light jacket or a yarmulke as a hat?
i get where she is coming from.
with your class work you really shouldn't be working a 30 hour week, especially if you aren't being paid.
the fact that's she doing that and is still all up in your shit?
whilst i understand your girlfriend's stance and wanting you to say that you guys are dating, i think it was quite a logical choice to be cautious when disclosing personal information.
she decided to take you up on your insult and retorted.
it's time for the two of you to have a serious talk about your relationship and your goals for it.
depending on their personality, demands often lead people to rebel just because someone else is telling them what to do.
your sisters insurance should be the one paying since she caused the accident.
though i think this would be better posted in r/relationships or r/relationship_advice
a teacher that would get upset would be the asshole here.
they most likely didn't mean to correct you for what you prefer, just they want to explain their error is probably whats going on, and its probably not even a conscious thing.
you made a mistake, i know she has ptsd but i don’t really understand why she’s still mad, you were tipsy and apologized profusely after.
: you did that cat a favor by not letting it go back to those people.
this will signal to your mom that you're reaching adulthood and she doesn't need to be the mom sitting at your bedside.
it would be hard to feel rejection for a whole month, even though you did nothing wrong.
usually i’m pretty laissez faire too but i don’t think you want your siblings turning out to be burdens.
i'd say this might even cross into  teritory because she might not realize that she's doing it.
frankly, the fact that he won't stop touching you and tells you that you "need to get used to it" is straight up creepy.
it's a genetic lottery you can't control.
your uncle can foot the bill to hire repairmen if he wants the cabin to be available for that month.
if you're friend truly feels that much social pressure then maybe she should think about seeing a psychologist cause she might have a form of social anxiety disorder.
and don’t explain that much because she doesn’t really have a right to know why.
she clearly does not see your point of view yet.
she said yes when she was completely free to say no.
this is not a black and white issue.
- the dude said it was cool.
if he is going to pay rent, do chores and be a good roommate he needs to go.
weeks later i tested positive for chlamydia.
i actually don't know the research on this) child molesters are pedophiles but we don't really have a good grasp on how many, if any, pedophiles *aren't* child molesters.
that's okay, but i think you should consider something.
you were 30 minutes late in total, and called at 6:40 saying you were having trouble leaving.
if $ doesn't want to be woken up then he should tell his buddy that.
that said, i’ve been in the exact same scenario before and any communication on my part past “cuntbag, be gone” was met with attempts at manipulation from my ex-bestie.
, he expected you to read his mind at every juncture instead of communicating his thoughts and feelings like a real adult.
he has been old enough to drink since you guys got together.
- it’s your grill, and regardless of what he wants it for you’re under no obligation to let him borrow it.
management should have taken care of it before you had to tell him to shut up.
just tell them you are currently employed at looking at other options.
move on, and definitely remove all friends’ fingerprint ids from your phone.
, your gf already derailed your plans to move forward over getting a dog, and now she’s wanting to do it again.
may the best applicant get the job.
he was harassing and making fun of people who he works with.
brings up your weight as if it has any relationship to the topic at hand.
at the very least maybe the mom realized dragging her kid around a store by the wrist is asshole behavior.
, but based on what i'm reading i'm not sold that she's over him, and he's certainly not over her.
you then do not have to worry about spending your own m9ney or showing emotions.
you should never be afraid to call child services if you suspect a child might be abused.
what kind of lunatic is offended by the mere presence of turkey on the menu, and on thanksgiving no less?
, but you should tell him everything on your mind- not just that the idea makes you uncomfortable.
people are suspicious, it rubs off even if you aren't.
but you probably shouldn't draw people as gifts without knowing them better.
so that was a long way to say, the reason you fought is because you have good manners and your ex didn't.
so, even though i don't think you're being an asshole, because it seems like you've been super considerate of your current boyfriends feelings, you need to be careful.
some of the best times in my life were the times i said "fuck it" and went against my inclination to be alone.
maybe just being in the kitchen the whole time would help, so he’ll should feel at least a little pressure to conform to societal norms.
it sounds almost like you resent them existing (which is understandable) and so even someone complimenting you in a nice way.
and i agree with others, get that thing (or another one, if he won't cooperate) in your name and insurance so he can't get family members to harass you about using your own damn car.
your parents are probably still adjusting and dealing with their own issues about it.
how in the world would you be the asshole?
stick to your guns and make this easier for yourself.
arguments are ideally two people vs one problem, not a 1v1 with no compromise, where people relentlessly try change each others opinions.
don’t beat yourself up over reading messages either.
if there's no money then there is no money, and they can choose how they feel about it.
i am flabbergasted that a person with that many lives at stake just being on the road, would further put those people in danger by checking his phone while driving.
see if you can get a friend to come with you to the con.
life is short; live it brightly, just like you are.
1000000000% , what the fuck is wrong with them?
- your wife should have just asked you to come home.
and anyone says you are is probably the toxic friend in their friendships.
it isn't your fault, and no one will stop you if you need to leave out of discomfort.
people’s behavior doesn’t just change like a switch unfortunately.
your dad is using your willingness to help over the top.
, just make sure you can afford to do so at your own dime.
i would question this too and honestly take it as a sign that something was wrong.
put an exact move out date in writing, sign it, date it, have them sign it too.
you’re allowed to celebrate life accomplishments too, the world doesn’t need to stop before her wedding.
, you don't owe a cheater anything, but it's not worth doing if it doesn't matter.
i would rather have a husband with all his fingers, than a husband who will potentially lose one due to me being inconsiderate of his feelings.
it is an important life skill to learn and you're just preparing her for situations in which she cant have everything.
posting the drama for everyone to see and telling everyone about your sex life with an unrelated party is attention-seeking manipulative behaviour.
i'm not sure but he might have something like bipolar disorder.
: do yourself a favor and move on before things get truly miserable
i make far less that 200k and when i travel, i rent.
so i took an uber to work (i normally walk) because i get super stressed about slipping.
the woman is deluded if she thinks she has a right to approach smokers like this and even more so if she thinks that saying that is going to make the slightest bit of difference.
but finding an apartment that allows a dog is hard, and finding one that allows more than one is even more difficult.
surprised your mom was let out of psych.
presuming you know you mum better than most.
many long distant relationships fail when you finally start spending time together.
i'll never understand it because i held that job there for years.
never have i been as close to one of their sisters as you are w danni, but i understand every situation is different.
i hope it works out for the both of you.
bro, u are getting treated like shit, did you tell him you are leaving?
while keeping him blocked for a year might be a bit excessive, it doesn't really make you an asshole either.
don't be so scared of being called controlling that you let yourself get whipped into her not even acknowledging you exist.
it sounds like they're being told to behave in this manner, and the manager needs to know that it's off putting to some customers.
i'm definitely leaning towards your wife being one though having seen what a little bit of gluten can do to someone with coeliacs.
big missconseption on one true love thing.
btw, there are plenty of people who will love your body just as it is.
things change, people should respect your wishes.
if you have had closure with regards to your ex, then by all means, do what you will to ensure that nothing affects your personal mental health because you do not owe her anything.
- i'm a happily married woman who goes out with her friends sometimes, every 4-6 weeks.
she is making good money and can work.
i don’t think i’d want to hire and manage someone who was awful to me for 10+ years (assuming grade school through hs).
have feelings, but congrats, u made me feel compelled to validate u: no, you’re not the asshole.
when will you be doing these new chores?
gratitude is not a concept they're familiar with; anyone at all, *anyone*, even other homeless people, who has more than, or something that, they don't have automatically *owes them*.
it has to be hard for her that her golden boy isn't.
i don't believe anyone can be an asshole for wanting to quite their job, for any reason.
speak to your parents and tell them how you feel, maybe even share what she's told you about his behavior.
honestly the best way to handle it if not tried already might be to approach management with a “i really could use your help in figuring out some ideas to address the green policy here and get more folks on board, what do you think would work?” kinda manipulative but gets results
my mom was slightly upset that i had not invited a lot of extended family, but she got over it when i told her i wasn't going to budge.
deciding to spend christmas with neither is a dramatic decision and likely to upset both families, and you don't have your boyfriend's support, so not a good idea really.
you get to choose who you want in your life.
best in the long run to end it now, probably for her sake, because she deserves someone who respects her more than this
but please get things straight for next year with your mum.
and then he wants to be passive-aggressive about it?
unless you're leaving out some major information, it seems she had every opportunity to go with you.
i’m angry just reading this shit.
, people are greedy as shit.
you could just let her cry.
this made me realize that just because you’ve known someone for so many years does not mean they’re the same person they used to be and does not entitle them to your friendship.
explain that you'd love to see her, but you're clean now and staying that way is super important to you.
he was clearly able to handle this over the phone.
my younger sister and i can't stand her.
, they had no consideration for the people around them.
staying friends almost guarantees you will never get back together.
as a human, you should look out for others.
rude behavior should not be rewarded either so anyone who got upset at you for having a backbone and not putting up with it can shove it.
you also have no idea what's going on behind the scenes at the school.
be very careful, depending on where you live the laws surrounding eviction can work against you.
you have a right to assert yourself, particularly when you're paying for a service, and it sounds like you did so respectfully.
those pills are for when you need them.
you're not on your phone or anything.
maybe suggest a girls only night out a few times a month.
it sounds as if the firm has already been abusing your goodwill and hard work as it is.
i think they have to see for themselves when their absentee parent isn't invested.
she may have grown up in that situation but it’s not normal.
you were cheated on, probably are still being cheated on (if she still claims to have a "low sex drive" and doesn't sleep with you), and the gaslighting since means you are also a victim of borderline psychological abuse.
you did nothing wrong at all, and you asked him twice if he wanted to test it to make sure it worked.
and he thinks this is okay?
i’d understand wanting to spend more time with you but she needs to drop this passive aggressive shit, that can’t be good for a relationship.
my sister and i have a very good relationship, and she still asked me to be a bridesmaid because it’s her decision.
you seem like the type of considerate friend anyone would be really lucky to have 😊
: he was putting way too much pressure on you.
also- this probably won't apply in this situation, but def don't cry when you fire him.
you don’t have to hold a door.
as you didn’t mean any harm but you always have to be careful in describing someone’s baby.
not using that language as a convenience for them rather than out of respect for you is shitty.
not sure why you would think you are.
ask for a break on rent or refuse.
your dad is being incredibly unreasonable here and just because they give you things and provide for you, which you should be grateful for, doesn't mean they can control every single action you take it's a power thing.
> c has a very toxic relationship with her mother ...
the lady means well and is just misguided and probably doesn’t realize she’s ~~creating~~ supporting a problem.
, i’d discuss the matter with your father before you do anything considering he owns 50% of the house.
if he is autistic he is seriously maladjusted.
i figure he doesn't need it as frequently since he's at school, but if it's something he needs, you should still share it with him and/or see if you can arrange getting your mom a different car for him to use.
ride share drivers choose to drive in inclement weather.
that is true for some things but not when long term health is concerned.
but it's been the most peaceful 7 months of my life, not even being dramatic.
because it was an accident, but you could have let them know the puzzle was in the way.
- she’s told you she doesn’t want the money back, so it’s yours.
she wasn't being rude necessarily; even if someone has memory issues, saying that it's been asked also serves the purpose of expressing how she's feeling and bringing awareness to something.
if she can't get through a conversation without insulting you then you have no obligation to speak to her.
what world would you be in if you wta?
- she's being overdramatic, its not her fault that she has these feelings but shes making it awkward and blaming you for her insecurities.
a friend of mine had her mom sleeping over at her house within the first week or two to help with night feedings.
if he didn't know there was anything special then thats not asshole, thats just inconsiderate.
i get what you're saying about not wanting to drown in self pity, and it's good to keep things in perspective and know it could be worse - but just because it could be worse, or because someone else has it worse, that doesn't negate your right to feel sad/upset/whatever the fuck you want about your own situation.
your guy friend is a bit of one...
- shouldn't be getting mad over a piece of cardboard that in your correct investigation could lead to permanent damage and likelihood of death in the event of something going seriously and exponentially badly.
- if i had plenty of time to get to my gate - yes, i would let you through.
this is something i’d break up with a guy over.
y'all grown ups acting like you are in highschool.
, spend some time with her, as she is making the trip, but then head out with your friends if the weather and roads are ok.
then you're just forcing all the other races to do more work because of their race.
just continue to be receptive to your wife’s feelings about the joking around.
it’s your job to protect your kids and that is what you are doing.
but regardless of the ethics of snooping, she cheated on you, then lied about the extent of her relationship with the guy.
if you’re feeling out of place with the old group, you shouldn’t force yourself to miss out on possibly better friendships.
, and what he wants is incredibly unhealthy.
and it's okay to feel like it's too much to take on.
most could argue college is always a waste of money, especially when degrees are a dime a dozen.
or maybe she's just mad that you're putting her on the hook for paying next time, even after you've moved out.
in japan they will not accept tips.
no need to wait til everyone is asleep, just institute a knock first policy and ask for your privacy to be respected.
y'all like the skin to skin sex, she is making this 10 year commitment to no kiddos so you may rawdog she wants a lil assurances that you are in agreement that kids are bad.
you really tried to do this as painlessly and productively as you could.
i would be upset to that point probably as well.
if you're not happy in this relationship, it's better to end it than to stick it out and suffer.
is my favorite thing in the world to spend time with my partners ex?
it’s up to you whether you stick it out, but these things rarely (if ever) change suddenly and with perfect results.
ex: random coworker: "man my wife and kids are hounding me about how much time i spend on work" advice guy : " put them into a wood chipper.
it is not your responsibility to resolve your mother and sister's fighting.
he lied to you about who he was.
i’m sure he will act out upon your boyfriend arriving, and when you face any turbulence, remember the mantra above.
since he apologized, i would accept it and act like it's not a big deal, but keep him demoted to acquaintance rather than a good friend that you'd take somewhere.
being involved in gang activity etc is so dangerous and you have to put your safety first.
i am trans myself, and all i can say is fuck that asshole!
he gave a false answer and you corrected him.
it’s kind of a predicament but i think if you feel like you’re forcing yourself to hang out with someone, its not very genuine as you said and probably not enjoyable.
maybe tell your friend that it’s either you or the coworker.
you ex sounds very manipulative and disrespectful of your feelings in general and kinda more than a little nuts.
regardless of your, or the po’s opinion on this that’s just how it is.
if she stopped talking to you over something as silly as a request for protection suggests that you probably made the right decision.
doing that to her is not as bad as what she did to you; it's not wrong to do it.
with so few employees, you're set up to be expected to cover when someone is sick or has another commitment 😕 you're not in the wrong but retail is not exactly employee friendly.
and good on you for recognizing it is a dangerous line to cross to enact your fantasies.
or tell him if he doesn't take parenting classes and see a therapist about his messed up life and relationship with his daughter that he can't see her anymore?
nicotine patches feel pretty rad- maybe buy him a box and wrap it like a gift to bring some warmth to the whole thing.
i'd be more concerned about the animosity the issue is causing, rather than the issue itself.
sit with somebody and get those social skills so that when you have a job you don't whine about how greg from accounting sits next to you in the coffee break.
if it was an emergency and the kid was about to wet his pants, then the dad should have said something, which wouldn’t have been unreasonable.
secondly, all the time and effort you've put into this could've been spent on an activity that would not only be satisfying but college resume worthy.
but having lived in us states across the spectrum of minimum wage for tipped employees, i think 15% is a baseline thank you for being alive and breathing.
it will also teach her to manage her money and possibly buy a car of her own soon.
i find that more disrespectful than whatever her reason is for not using the word.
she had a concern to be worried about *possibly* getting assaulted by a bunch of booze filled dudes and you have a right to cya if she seems flakey and you don't want to worry while on vacation.
$2k is a lot of money and unfair of them to expect you to just dish out (unless you want to save up $2000 over like 6 months) so i don't think it's a bad idea to let them know that you can't make it
he was invited to another party anyway it sounds like, so if he's alone that's his choice.
another option when people thank you: tell them they can show their support by donating time to x veteran charity or program.
the explanation is too long for me to go into, but bottom line you are not her therapist and you have no reason to be treated like one.
super minor thing to worry about.
it’s completely natural to want some space under the circumstances.
i kinda wish you pulled out your dick and pissed on him.
your mother is overprotective at best and manipulative at worst.
, and you're in the exact type of relationship people warn younger girls about when they consider dating older men with baggage.
but you aren't an asshole for acknowledging that things can change in 10 years.
i think she is using you btw.
a smile was highly inappropriate considering the subject matter.
- send the dude an anonymous message, saying that you banged his girl without knowing she had a boyfriend, and feel bad since you found out.
if you just let him do whatever he wants there may come a point when he will just stop going to work all together and then you both will be in serious financial problems.
how are they supposed to pay expenses if they don't sell their product?
my guess is this isn't the only thing you struggle with like this.
anyone other than the landlord or his people is at your will and pleasure.
>she says “is this the part where you whine about me messing up your hair?” she remembers talking about it, she knows that it’s an issue for you, and it’s not you fault that she got mad over you asking her to stop doing something you didn’t like.
you're 17 and struggling, so legit normal.
if he’s just run the course on his sentence, he’s already using again and will be back inside soon enough.
the standard response when someone asks questions you can't answer is "i don't know, can you wait a couple of minutes while i check to make sure?" you don't just give bad advise.
, smoking kills and good on you to remind them of the family's history with lung cancer.
so my parents had loads of experience with children but raising my little brother (from 4 years old, he was taken into care at 2 from an abusive home) was hell for them it was incredibly difficult.
a simple no would’ve been a fine answer, and if she has issues with you asking, she should sit down and discuss it with you, rather than fly off the handle about it.
it really sucks they're putting you in this position.
also how much damage could a 5-y.o.
suggest this to him and let him know what he’s doing is hurting you.
and this story perfectly illustrates how having a child with someone binds you to them for life, not just 18 years.
you were not there so you have no idea about what happened and you barely know the other people.
it should be tagged because nsfw stands for "not safe for work".
rather curious about how she got a car with no license or insurance (unless someone else bought and registered it), and how she got it to her apartment?
try not to waste another minute on what they think of you.
look after her, so that she's in a better place to adjust.
i can't condone fraud and nor should you be forced to.
, but dude, you’re doing this wrong.
she's an adult, he's a minor.
continue to keep her at arm's length because the closer you get to these kind of people the worse they get with the manipulation.
and then he expects you to continue into the night?
, it is your labor and time, you've put immense effort into becoming fluent in that language, it's not a stretch to ask for compensation for utilizing said time and labor.
he sounds like an absolute dick.
she's also aware of her ups and downs and calls her wonderful therapist when she feels an extreme coming on the meds won't control to be put into care til it passes.
i don't think you're an asshole for just asking.
does this happen all the time or only recently?
also, al-anon is an excellent support system for people who have addicts in their life.
she should be mopping the floor, cleaning up poop, etc more often not you its not your puppy.
don't feel bad, but i wouldn't really blame unicef.
you might be better off not going with him but sorry your missing the chance to see you grandparents.
however, if you wanted to become better at it, then this could be a good opportunity of practicing.
may i suggest putting your phone on silent and not answer it when you're out eating.
it’s nice of you to pick your friend up from the airport and i’m sure you were looking forward to catching up and hearing about her trip.
his method of disagreement isn't healthy, nor is him taking license to say whatever he wants just because he's upset.
he left your key in your mailbox.
granted, her ability to was severely stifled by her parents and her church, but still - she could have left, or asked you to help her leave.
that kind of insensitivity would be friendship-ending to me.
unfortunately some people don't abide by that rule even when told.
you had a brief mental picture, which was highly inaccurate, but you didn't react openly.
having your mother in the house might make him think he’d have to be on his ‘best behaviour’ at all times and give up a certain amount of privacy.
obviously something inappropriate went on and i could easily see how sex would be the thought.
do you want to protect him from your friend who hurricane dates or are you trying to protect yourself from being hurt that he is seeing your friend/someone else.
if you drop out and aren't successful, they can blame it on you not finishing and you can't blame it on anyone but yourself.
they treated you like shit and still expect you to play nice?
your hr department is lazy af to have handled this in this way.
in general though, i think it's a pretty fair idea to split rent based on living space (so rooms, including the size) as well as utilities.
for him to recognize that he has a problem and refuse to do anything about it is not at all fair to you.
i hope you have another account for yourself that you can save in, too.
if she refuses to host the party that is unfortunate as the invites have been sent.
it's fair for them to contribute especially if they are taking up utilities...
you’re a kindhearted person to keep the relationship between the two of you going.
find yourself another job first, then quit.
does your fiancé ever defend you?
autism is not an excuse for this behavior.
told them they can only play music or videos everyone wants to listen to..
the mother is being controlling and boundary stomping.
suffice to say, i've got some experience with this kinda situation.
i get his concern, but i mean...eventually you put your kid in a bubble and cross your fingers lol.
whistle blowing is never an asshole move and we need to get society to realise that!
a reason to visit her now would be you help someone you love deal with their emotions, and stand by their side.
it is not fair or reasonable for her to demand sex while you are physically exhausted.
dont ask a server how much tip they want.
spoil the shit out of her, and if you already do, spoil her more.
i personally wouldn't be ok with it but i know of girls who would.
of course, let him know he can tell you anything, but ultimately it would be ok for you to say "i'm not sure, talk your therapist about it".
sounds like she is trying to deflect the blame.
it varies based on the jurisdiction.
on the flip side, you aren’t this persons parent and aren’t responsible for their choices.
‘hey man, i was thinking about our talk, your gf isn’t that bad, you shouldn’t be so negative about her’
i was on the fence about maybe  right up until this line.
i pretty much just did the same thing.
this kind of thing has been shown in psychological research over and over again, in which participants are told to repeat the same "false memory" multiple times.
you could have sent an email, sent a separate letter, done the evaluation, etc.
i think it would be better if you didn’t go there!
for being frustrated, that sounds really frustrating.
it wasn’t driven by race, and you shouldn’t take it personally.
since you get slammed with responsibility for the late fees and they still haven't paid you back for dec it's fine to want them gone.
he should have waited like the rest of you.
, but take this as a learning lesson.
> i have a heart condition, and moderately severe muscular dystrophy.
what you did was an honest mistake, but he has no excuse for getting so shitfaced that he got lost in a park then beat you.
you can't use multiple features at once, so if she's using it to find friends she's not on the dating part
if you have expected her to plan things related with your household (meals, parties, expecting her to remember the plans for you) this might be a natural consequence of that.
either way it wasn't a giant request and he seemed pretty rude for the whole interaction...
i'm going to assume it's something along these lines and they just communicated it poorly.
maybe you could’ve used a softer tone with your friend, but you weren’t trying to make her feel bad and you didn’t do anything totally irrational.
write a check or do electronic transfers.
- i'm 100% sure the guard can park elsewhere.
sidenote, i think he's just jealous.
you’re right to be upset but if it’s a good friend...
tell them about the abuse and get it on record.
as long as you're respectful about it then it's ok to be disappointed with something, and you did give him a detailed list of what you want this year.
they’re pretty i guess, but whenever i notice someone wearing a cross i assume they’re religious, and it would be really surprising that to find out such a thing was just decorative.
, sell that shit and move on.
you're not ignoring friends with mental illnesses, you're ignoring self-diagnosed people who complain to you instead of seeking mental healthcare.
better to have a clean break and give everyone closure.
i live an hour away from most of my friends, we’ll gladly make the effort to see each other, all logistics aside.
what works for me is repeating back their name twice while i shake their hand: “hi, i’m jessica.” i shake her hand and say, “hello jessica, nice to meet you!
get out of that situation, go with your old man
i think it’s a lil weird that he jumped right to you after being rejected by your sister, but if you have feelings for him & she doesn’t, .
if she can't put you, and your relationship, as a priority for nine years, then you will always be second best to her and that relationship is doomed (or at the very least it's going to suck for you).
hell its not the worst ive done to assholes in loud cities/apartment complexes.
but secondly, if you're so desperately thirsty as to resort to begging a stranger, why can't you go into the free restroom and drink from the faucet?
who hammers at 11pm with sleeping children in the house?
i also don’t go to work high but that’s beside the point.
while you could have made a better decision, at the moment someone was verbally assaulting your son and you made the right choice by stepping in.
it sucks, it probably wont win you friends with the people who do it, but people who also follow protocol will appreciate that they aren't being slowed down as much.
regardless of your grades, you need to learn your shit if you want to make it.
i was an adjunct at a local community college for a semester and i understand what some students go through to pay for (and sometimes just to get to) their classes.
that is unclear in your story.
- this is pretty clear cut that your friend is being an asshole.
you have no obligation to continually support a self-destructive or toxic acquaintance.
you have to use headphones if you're going to watch a movie, play music or play video games.
you’re not the asshole here, but you can’t really do anything about it with your wife.
even with the resident wifi key/passprhase, a device not on the mac whitelist cannot talk on resident network.
i had a girlfriend do this to me.
- you guys agreed on saving money and you gave him a suggestion how he can monitor his own spending.
if you care about your son (it sounds like you do), and you trust that you've given him the tools to survive, it's time for him to learn that life isn't a cakewalk.
when your teachers complain as loudly at the fact that there are homeless veterans, no water in flint, michigan; gerrymandering, voter suppression, and all of these other, deeply un-american issues they can whine about the flag.
, but you missed a major chance to mess with your buddy.
i also have plenty of friends who have chronic illnesses who still work and one is a mua so...
i was too afraid of the doctors getting onto me since anyone under 18 wasn't to be in the hospital unless they were a patient since staph (staff?
if nothing else just so they know how to handle the next time.
just leave it on the dryer for him to collect.
this is a great fucking story.
i made them a wallet because i didn't have any money for an actual gift so i couldn't have given them any money anyway :p but maybe giving an empty jewellery box is one of those faux pas that everyone else seems to know about...
also, someone in need of that parking space could actually have had their day ruined.
the lack of shared roof sort of changes the nature of the relationship.
as someone who is also always willing to help someone with anything i hate being taken advantage of.
especially since she has told you he’s been abusive, no matter how he changes after you have every right to hate him and not approve.
that bring said, don't overreact and get super mad at your mom.
i have a very abusive ex and believe me i understand the urge.
you could always donate some $ every month that you would have spent on cat food/litter/shots/flea meds, the humane society could always use it.
feel free to ignore that weird compromise offered by your parents as well.
the only time i ever got frustrated was when people openly "coughed" when i was in a perfectly fine/designated area they chose to walk through....
she knew she was wrong that's why she kept lying to you about it.
most people with down syndrome look alike.
she'll probably still worry, but that's what good parents do.
you're not obligated to listen to her excuses, justifications, or lies.
you can ask but in my experience you can’t make roommates clean up their stuff.
in my honest opinion, you should have pressed charges.
those rules are in place for a reason.
if you do hold a conversation, and he escalates like that, don’t be afraid to be “mean.”
you seem genuinely concerned for him, but the only valid reason to require answers is to prevent the exposure of any future children to a pedophile.
i almost always side with the wait staff but it sounds like your order was forgotten and then nobody took responsibility for it.
it might be best to talk to a therapist about this issue.
would she post bikini pics to her employees?
if you want to troll them, print out 800-273-8255 a bunch of times on paper (it’s the suicide hotline number), cut them out and tape the number all around your apartment...
i don't think you should've questioned why specifically he was giving the money to homeless people (that's not worse than spending money on a million other things) but i get why you're worried.
want to go hangout past 11pm?
they're paying no mind to the clear and present day to day struggles you have.
you need to make the right choice for yourself.
i’ll give him the benefit of the doubt on that one.
you might feel some sort of sadness later in life that someone young and in a way connected with you has died, but if not that's fine too.
however, if i understood my so did something for me they weren't comfortable with, and then had a shitty time, i would be pissed at them for not saying anything, because i personally would feel like shit about it.
i get that it seems kinda petty to people who maybe weren’t subjected to that kind of abuse during their formative years and maybe she’d be a great fit for your company and blah blah blah, but your opportunity to knowingly reject her thru a polite veneer of professionalism and being able to counterbalance her adolescent wrongdoing and douchebaggery as an adult should be important to you and will likely feel great on the inside.
i’m a firm believer that a donation of food to someone in need is a much more worthwhile gift than just money.
i'm unironocally afraid of life when i think i may get a mother-in-law like this one.
cop should use his blinker, and shouldn’t have such thin skin to become defensive when called out on it.
you don’t owe your ex anything.
and if your dad really is worried about you not being able to make it on your own, remind him that your aunt and uncle will be there if needed.
the complex management likely only got half the story.
that is a healthy boundary and i hope you stick to it.
you are remarkably mature and will likely do very well for yourself.
"gee hunny i just can't figure out why the human we forced into existence is so unhappy that we're not helping her/him." >which i feel isn't far since it's my own money that's being spent and i should be able to decide when it gets spent.
and he couldn't be considerate enough to drop that topic?
if this is the case .
he stole your money and has not repaid you for previous debt and then tried to say “it’s just money”.
i’m sure that since you love this girl so much and since your mother is close friends with her family that she might understand.
the fact that he was asking for money, even when offered food, probably means he was going to use the money for something over than food (drugs, alcohol, etc).
if he finds out and asks you why you didn’t invite him i’d say just that.
there’s very definitely an arsehole in this story but it’s not you.
, but i would say if you hadn’t actually met her met her than maybe that’s why you didn’t feel chemistry.
it’s your boss that’s screwing you and getting you to blame your coworkers.
because baptizing your kid is something you do if you want to commit to that religion.
you only get one life, don't spend it surrounded by people who make life unbearable.
just because you both have autism or their your mom’s friend’s son doesn’t meant you have to be friends with someone.
you did the right thing cutting ties with him.
, my family thought i was a lesbian in high school because me and my girlfriends would comment on each other's wall (is it still called wall?
he’s acting like that’s the very last bottle of coca cola that was ever made.
it’s incredibly irresponsible of you to have sex with her at all in the position you guys are in.
this is just a simple issue that most couples have at one point or another.
he spread your personal info to the point where you were seriously harassed, spammed people more later to the point where they felt harassed, is trying to gaslight you into thinking you're not entitled to be upset about any of this, and uses the catchphrases of the scum of the internet.
it's something that ripens with experience.
your bf is a bit controlling and jealous.
but in the future don't break up with someone to make a point.
there may be a chance that hannah has some insecurity issues and is desperately seeking solace in her boyfriend (who sounds like a complete douche).
i see this as a big misunderstanding like 9/11 big(not as a joke but size comparison).
i understand coming out is hard for more reasons than the fear of a bad reaction, and i understand that a lot of lgbt people have a lot of internalised negativity/bigotry to work through before they can accept themselves.
she will probably get over it eventually.
just because they're family, they don't get to treat you or anyone else that way.
with that said, i would leave you.
you can't force people to be responsible, and you're only going to make both him and yourself more and more upset by trying.
your friend is way too naive, and definitely a jerk for trying it with someone else's phone.
he purposely omitted it to get farther with you which is misleading.
also i would kinda rather not have a non-close friend know all my watching and reading/listening history and preferences.
i don't know how she picked up on you counting but if it was anything involving counting on fingers/checking calendars/diaries etc....
: she admitted she knew you would not like what she was about to do and you obviously did not.
it’s funny - i do the opposite.
also: > i also clean the kitchen almost every morning.
out of curiosity, if there's so much evidence against this guy, why hasn't he been charged with a crime?
you did the right thing, imo.
y'all did what was needed to make starting a family work.
because he had a bad past, and it sounds like he's turning around - he still needs to chip in, you're not his charity foundation.
though it would be kind of embarrassing for the kid
for being upset; things don't always work out, and life isn't fair; it doesn't make you a butthole.
i have a hard time understanding how this person has ever held down a job that requires him to be around people if his phobia is that intense.
you literally have no proof of anything, not even a recording of the conversation.
has she told you they talked a lot or did you find out on your own?
- you like comics, let me get you some comics.
and in general i hate people who think they are to good for them.
if it hurts/bothers you this much to ask a bunch of strangers if you should feel guilty about not wanting to see a person who brings you that far down, you know the answer.
it's a basic matter of respect.
i have similar problems with some of my friends, i usually tell them to quiet down a little without making a big fuss.
that being said, this type of job may not be suitable for you for your first ever job.
any person that leaves their kids like that is an asshole.
real treatment, not that better help silliness.
> and that he was gonna stay the fuck away from me.
he's the asshole for being a dick about it
after a certain point, you need to put yourself first or you will drag your own mental health down the drain too.
there's no reason to think the lady was hitting on your wife, or that your wife slept in the same bed as her because of anything more than the practicality of it.
and if she continues, then you do it again and cc in the bosses.
we would move and have a set of goals and a timeline such as: we can move, but i would like to stay at least 2-3 yrs before we approach or revisit the subject of moving again.
i’d give him a chance and just see him for how things are.
, she's old enough that she should understand what she is saying is mean, and stepping in to yell at her (while extreme, perhaps you should have pulled her aside to her parents and told them with her there) was probably one of the better options at the moment.
especially if you work in a quiet office setting, it doesn't seem normal to be carrying out small talk all day.
it’s smart to have police on your side, in cases like that.
this move says nothing about the girl scouts, it in no way suggests that there is anything wrong with the gsa.
those few loud voices yelling about cultural appropriation don’t speak for most of us.
him pulling out that quickly despite that is his own asshole behaviour, nothing to do with you.
if something did happen, what are you going to do about it?
for asking her on a date.
info: >the story being about how some guy cummed in her bra, and chased her around naked was this what actually happened that night?
whether or not there was money in there is beside the point, you don’t throw anything away that could have sentimental value.
if she needs silence she can go to the silent room.
seeing as you do not have an emergency fund, she is reasonable for thinking maybe you would have a different definition of “ emergency.” she is not an asshole for not disclosing her total financial situation down to the last savings account; “if you liked it then you should’ve put a ring on it.”
ya did the thing that makes a kid and the kid'sa comin'!
given the age i'd say this behavior is normal lol.
also, depending on the type of work it is and the professor, some might view that as cheating (though an outline sounds like it wouldn't be).
but ive seen less gifted people put in 100% and go far and gifted people half arse it and end up failures.
you might want to just tell them that you have to move on alone rather than ghosting.
the dog needs to go, for your own sense of safety and for your kid.
if it's a life or death situation, she should be calling the police instead of you.
ya know, as long as you're not one of those people who repeatedly sends requests or creates new accounts to friend someone if they block you.
you can be accepting, but not have to be attracted.
she asked to to call the police if she didn't get back by midnight.
you are right in that you are enabling your brother to enable this friend of his.
it's part of the reason why we are now divorced.
you covered your ass, they left theirs hanging out
sometimes people outgrow each other and that is okay.
she gave you short notice & you said you were down when it was just casually talked about.
this system feels overly complicated and the extra rage-bookkeeping feels like a red flag.
i think you need to sit her down and set boundaries.
but your post made me feel very sad.
they are obviously hitting it off and this isn’t the girl for you.
best bet is more security devices and beginning to collect evidence for harassment, because it sounds like they understood that whoever calls the police first gets them on their side.
he is treating you like an on-demand product that he doesn’t need to put any effort into.
for asking him to go a little quicker.
like, you’re the hotshot lawyer and he’s in school and looking for jobs...this perhaps feels like a really attractive fast track for him where he could make a lot of money and take the same pride in his job that you do in yours.
writing a letter to the prof on the final is not the best idea.
she's 18 and having a destination wedding?
: your dad was requesting some alone time with your mom.
this friend of mine did find happiness.
kids are pretty reasonable if you are (usually).
- reddit regularly celebrates excessive violence.
they can ask if you'll lend it to him, but it's pretty unacceptable for them to just give it to him especially since they know that he trashes cars (to the point where they wouldn't have given him either of their vehicles because of it).
fuck him, and fuck everyone who doesn't respect your right to cut that asshole out of your life.
my oldest son once did this to me.
honestly i'd draw a line in the sand and say i'm going to be drinking in vegas, if that's an issue then you need to think about whether you want to continue this relationship.
since you both clearly mean well, but in the future, if you aren’t paying for something you don’t need to be the one to handle the price.
he started somewhat crazy ( asking for a hermorhoid examination at home) and it got worse from there.
better he recognizes the bad habit now and corrects it than letting it continue for years to come.
this girl with autism in my high school is literally obsessed with my boyfriend.
either way y’all have lots to talk about.
- she clearly treated you like shit and you don't owe her anything, let alone an explanation.
who knows but sounds like your managet is a jerk and will hold you against it if you do call off.
blowing up at her was probably a little uncalled for, but people predictably lash out when they feel trapped or lorded over.
- this is a really complex area of personal mental health before others.
if he wants to visit, he needs to find guest parking or park on the street himself.
it was kinda hard (not much time for me, etc) but honestly i was so grateful for him and your bf should be too.
but i do suggest you sit down with your girlfriend and have a serious talk about your relationship.
she's horrifically selfish not only for using your mental illness to guilt trip you into carrying her child, but having absolutely no regard for what a pregnancy might do to your health.
13 year olds are pretty much assholes but try and get to know your cousins a little more and see if you can enjoy your time with them.
they let you do the work of signing up for a new card and wanted to leech off the benefits regardless if their purchase helped or not (again, you should have took caution before hand).
makes me wonder if he's the one hurting for money if he's sticking to his guns over $20.
, but there can be consequences for riling up a (shitty) cop, unfortunately.
they might try to get back in your life just to take things from you.
but if your friend has a history of ed i think you need to understand that how you see her is probably not how she sees herself.
it was just fine though- better to endure a few comments and eye rolls than allow something that violates my deeply held convictions.
you arent obligated to attend any family event imo, especially such a small one (only like, three people are invited?) you dad clearly is not taking this matter seriously, so why should you?
in the future for you though, you might want to consider being careful about lending money to friends and family.
yeah i would snitch too, the danger is too great.
you're entitled to protecting your own emotional well-being, and dealing with his all the time will burn you out.
i often say "bless you" or "gesundheit" but not always...
what makes all the difference in the world to him is that when i get up to go to the restroom or when i get a snack or whatever i find him and give him some quick and simple affection/attention.
i take hot showers and that just intensifies the smell, it makes it feel physical.
ultimately they hurt you and it isn't your fault.
she may blow your socks off, or she may totally blow it.
uh ,  and also time for a new boyfriend.
i don't know your gf, but if i was sick i would want someone by my side too as much as possible.
there’s no reason he shouldn’t offer that without you even asking let alone say no when you plead.
i would’ve just unfriended her a long time ago if i were you
but you need the proper kind of relationship for that.
but by your post it seems like a simple “no, but thanks anyway” will suffice.
ultimately, the only thing that got me through was getting away.
they need to move out together or her move in and pay rent.
you are no more the asshole than she is, and she is not the asshole either.
it sounds like she’s just vile and i’m sorry you’re having to deal with her.
doesn't mean it can't happen, but unlikely.
it wasn’t anything you were interested in at all and if she was as fully consumed by it as you say she was, there’s not a whole lot you could do together.
you're not a jerk for being upset, but from an outsider's perspective trying to find dates for 10 people to do something is tough and she appears to be trying to handle it reasonably.
anyone who chooses to care for a child has to put that child's best interests first.
a white person will sure as hell consider you black no matter how light your skin is.
i retaliated against a childhood bully and she left me alone for the next 3 years and then switched schools.
does your club have a procedure for removing officers?
the restaurant has that deal with grubhub because they probably think of it as a loss leader - hoping people will use it and buy more stuff.
you should not be blamed for wanting to pursue your dreams.
however, you aren't responsible for her behaviour and how she treats you.
just tell your dad to take the weekend off and relax
why do you owe him anything?
i think its your judgement call.
he will never change from this.
20 years is long enough to learn the language.
, it's unfair for her to place all the blame on you.
won’t give you the “it’s about the giving” but in general, you shouldn’t expect anything when getting a gift.
she broke up with you, and with a breakup, any rational person would assume that you wouldn't live together anymore.
make it clear that you're not comfortable, and that it's nothing personal...it's just too soon for you.
also diet childish to block you like that
you don’t have a “friend of your bf” problem, you have a bf problem.
- ask your mum if she checks under her pillow for secreted laptops before she goes to sleep...
you don't owe anyone your time or respect, especially not someone who doesn't respect you.
unless you have a chemical imbalance that leaves you basically incapacitated to normal day to day functions you are capable of the basics.
luckily my old neighbor admitted he had crazy standards, but since he was youngish and had time (worked from home) he would often “correct” my outdoor work for me since it bugged him the way i did it.
this woman was a complete stranger and out of the blue sends him a questionable picture and starts telling him about her boobs.
he's a total douche bag, especially for making you cry and then claiming you are attention seeking or over reacting.
i think you can report pages as fake/scam.
- imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
he obviously doesn't care about his wife or her family enough considering you make it clear that they adore him.
no one is the asshole in that case, it's essentially a misunderstanding.
*but* i wouldn't frame it that way.
obviously the whole family has realized something is going on, but i dont think its unfair to ask him to not be in the wedding party, but he should at least be invited to the wedding.
it sounds like you don't like him.
go to couples counseling with your spouse.
sure if you wanted to risk your life and play hero, you totally could have confronted him.
you're not an asshole for not wanting to be around her but i feel like you should be more concerned with her mental state and try to talk to her about it and help her find ways to cope when she's sober because she's obviously going through some shit right now.
however, some of my friends dont have significant others.
i was quite happy to not have to be a bridesmaid.
got to respect him now cause he's dead?" what a load of crap.
you're an adult now and you have to pay your own way.
sounds like you’re a good friend, and maybe she needs more good friends.
he is perfectly capable of doing it on his won.
just because he has a mental disability doesn't mean you should have to put up with it or pity him.
you didn't say anything or complain and that makes you a really good person.
it would be really easy tho to buy some noise cancelling headphones as example so i dont understand why both of you have to be petty about it.
>since her entire family are far right wing, i am the only person she can talk to about this.
unless it's a concern of many of your neighbors, .
he would grab the steering wheel too, which freaked me out.
keep in mind women have to use tp every time they go to the bathroom and some to wrap up pads/tampons when it’s that time of the month.
just be honest with said friends how his actions are perceived by you.
it wasn’t right for her to do that.
as long as you’re not leading any of those girls on to believe that you want a relationship with them, i’d say .
how much notice will you be giving?
i would say that they should feel bad, but i doubt they are capable of doing so.
i’m guessing you live in a country or from a culture where young people often live with their parents until they are married or more established in their adulthood than just turning 18.
i'm not saying you should help them out to the point where you can't afford to live, but maybe you should think about whether leaving them destitute is something that won't haunt you for the rest of your life.
*she can’t watch him 24/7 cause then she “wouldn’t be able to do anything but watch him”* billions of parents have managed to watch their children while doing other things.
even if you were "wrong," your consideration of her perspective and remorse makes you
you are obviously  - they were abusing an animal and needed to be taught a lesson.
if they're trying to sell you on a design that doesn't appeal to you - whether it be "too girly" or just not your cup of tea - you still have a perfect right to say "no thanks".
- i have been in this situation to a degree.
what shes doing is nothing close to the actual message of god smfh.
so if you don't already maybe make your own profiles to play games with?
for selling the ticket and getting what you really want, but 100% the asshole for being ungrateful and whiny that your stepdad got a more expensive gift than you, get the fuck outta here with that garbage.
, but you will be if you don't get out of that house.
at all, she is literally a liability if she comes to your party.
however, the way to respond is not to tell her to cover up(this would be where you become the asshole), it's to sit her down and have a conversation about what your relationship means to her, and how much she does or does not respect it.
you have every right not to want to engage with someone who’s accosting you.
, they knew the rules, decided to go against them, were punished for it.
you just gave her a place to stay and tried to act supportive when she was worried.
she isn't paying for you for your sake, she's doing it for herself.
what she did to you and continues to do to you makes her ta
if you and your fiancee have decided on a date different than what works for her relative to be the officiant, then so be it your wedding, your rules.
he contacted me less and less.
it's what makes them feel safe.
clean up after your damn selves.
&#x200b; she's the asshole for even asking.
he wants to deter your enjoyment for his own perceived (and imaginary) benefit, which is utter bullshit, and you should call him out on it.
if you feel bad, return the rent he paid when you get the chance and then cut him out of your life, you’re better off without him.
either he doubles down and your mom realizes he's a fuck, he changes how he acts, or he gets sick of being told off for his behavior by his girlfriend's children, and leaves of his own fruition.
not to mention the extra wear and miles on your vehicle.
did you pay for the games and is it on your stuff?
you need to say something about how that’s not okay.
they often have resources for families of addicts.
let them first (indivually) prove their trustworthiness again before letting them back into your life.
, have you talked to her about it?
but, you sound angry and bitter towards your girlfriend and her dog.
to me, it sounds like you two are leaning towards the latter, but you probably should figure out for yourself where you two are on that spectrum so that you can determine your best course of action from here
i’m assuming she asked you to move in with her since she’s the only one on the lease?
your coworkers were the assholes for trying to shut up and let you get poisoned or crushed.
he’s an inconsiderate cunt and should be living with his mum.
make sure mil has no access to any of your financial accounts.
screw her and call whoever you need to, better now than when he's older and really fucked in the head from the psychological trauma abuse causes.
but you might win back some brownie points if you dropped off some chicken soup and flowers on her doorstep and texted her about them after you left.
and it never was, all you did was ask a question, it'll never be assholelike.
shame on a for forgetting that little part of motherhood.
she may not like it, but you’ll get through it- it’s just a part of becoming an adult.
i suggest eloping and having a beautiful wedding for two in your favorite spot.
when you go home, when you grow old, when you die, the company will give zero fucks and will replace you anyway.
if your parents expect things from you, they should respect your wishes and your boundaries.
sex should be fun, comfortable and mutually pleasurable.
, what her and her friends are doing is way across the line for what a family needs to deal with internally.
if you’ve been firm over time that you absolutely didn’t want a dog, you’re not an asshole because she got a dog or because you don’t want to be involved with the dog.
talk it out & see what happens.
yet, this is still a personal preference.
if a guy got wasted and made a female gamer pal uncomfortable by asking her to play with herself for him, he'd either be called a creep or have his balls busted for being a drunk moron and rightfully so.
not even gonna bother going into detail.
you asked them to not go over for an hour.
it feels like that's the actual story here and not the pissy tub.
that's not something a friend would do.
- you're definitely closing the door a little tighter by not doing it in person, but you do not have to tell her in person if you don't feel like doing so.
you'd be ta only if you shoved the fact that you could spend more on gifts in your siblings' faces.
not to mention you have helped her in the past and she hasn’t payed you back either.
who just walks in someone’s house like that, the hell?
sometimes you gotta move all the way on.
there is also a good chance that whatever you and this person are smoking is contributing to your feelings.
if they don't pay, they don't get in.
i don't think they're ready to listen, though, and you may have to accept that they would rather not change despite the risk.
even if she denies it you'll both be on the same page from here on out.
they need to gently get to the bottom of what’s going on.
make your decision and stick to it, i say.
stay in your lane and get your job done.
i do think it's kinda garbage of them to speak for your points though, since you offered them the deal (which none of them took) and if later on they were to do the cc offer, they would get the points and you would see none of that bonus, even though they used yours.
if she can't be trusted with pics/info, then don't give them to her.
wouldn't you want someone to tell you before you made a life changing decision such as marriage?
unlike others here, i don't think you are an asshole for waiting.
anyway she got pregnant, got married, he beat her, forced her to do meth or he'd beat her, threatened to call cps because she did meth, eventually beat her so bad he got jailed.
some people will say if your son is truly suicidal or depressed you need to support him through it.
wish you the best of luck.
its a little generic, but maybe shes noticed you charging your phone a bunch or something and thought it would be nice.
you shouldn’t buy expensive gifts if he doesn’t get you anything.
does she have a parent or helper?
i agree with u/nemo_sum though, that refraining from eating his expensive special food is a reasonable request though if you have cheaper alternatives available.
also it sounds like she’s not a very good friend in return and only is friendly when she needs something.
not everyone can afford the same amount, plus hand made gifts can be pretty great.
you know it, it's sad news, why would you want to keep hearing about it.
you asked him to pick you up something cheap, he refused.
secondly, you placed your gf, who you admit us not great in social situations and who gets "drained" by other people, into a high-pressure social situation with your absolute best friend for four hours.
and she needs to ask herself, why does she want to switch majors?
i get that your mom is nervous about an inexperienced driver driving and becomes overly cautious.
it’s good you will be rid of them soon!!
dude, thats a lot to process.
how the hell do your parents even allow him to play video games while you need sleep?
you're doing her a favour by letting her stay so she can at least show you a modicum of respect.
i get that it isn’t your “job” to have to take this on at your workplace, but the penalty faced by anyone who actually is brown who has to deal with her attitude will be even greater.
on a side note tho, it might seem like everyone is cohesively socializing and talking to each other and i'm sure it's just the more noticeable side of the grouo.
not everyone is going to be your type, and frankly i don't blame you.
don't throw other people under the bus.
you dodged a huge bullet with that one.
complainin helps people feel better about whatever theyre upset about.
what she chooses to do is on her, not on you.
his communication was crappy and he should have been more up front about having to run errands before your date.
how about you tell her to give you what you need, which is some good sleep.
- you made a payment and they didn't hold up their end of the transaction.
going to put a post it note on everything you missed and write it on the chart as well with a big red sharpie.
for being upset, as long as you're quietly upset about it and don't take it out on her.
- but the real question is why does it even matter what they think about it?
i would have blocked her far before you did.
there have been studies that point to men denying ever committing sexual assault, but openly admitting to pressuring and coercing their partners into sex.
obviously you have every right to keep the wind chime up.
you don't know if she's in an abusive situation and the husband might seriously lash out at you.
that doesn't mean y'all can't fight, but if he's manipulating you he is a bad person for you.
and i’m sure the kids do despise him and have every right to.
however, just because you are married doesn't mean she has a right to live off of you.
she sort of became a local "rising star" in the salon world and decided i was not of sufficient status to be her client anymore and after this happened twice i knew it wasn't accidental.
do what you gotta do (as long as it doesn’t hurt anyone) to instill hope.
if he asks why just be honest.
she’s just trying to force her will on you
do not legally bind yourself to this terrible idea.
ask her to discuss it less when around you?
he doesn't sound like a very reliable parent; he's put you through a lot too.
your bridal party are going to be with you for one of the most important days of your life.
it’s her problem that she can’t do it after even studying for a masters.
plus, she’s the one doing the breaking up.
tell your boss who signed you up without our permission if he brings it up.
- a debt of gratitude is no reason to put up with toxicity or abuse.
something you may wish to think about.
i say brush it off and chalk it up to "it is, what it is".
but if he slept with her i would feel less sorry for you than for someone who established clearer boundaries in their relationships.
it sounds like you anxiety is really creating some issues for you, might be a good idea to get some counselling and address it before it gets any worse.
marriage is supposed to be a sacred bond between 2 people.
even if he didn't feel comfortable for whatever reason, he could express gratitude for the kind intention and ask that you not do it again.
it was considerate of you to do and if anything, your co-workers still working probably appreciated the move.
i paid the bill and tried to keep it reasonable.
she lied to you for almost a year and when you confronted her about it she tried to convince you to return to your unhealthy ways (by the way, awesome job on losing 110 pounds).
you slept on the floor and let her avoid driving home drunk.
he should’ve picked up on the cues that you gave and apologized instead of being aggravated.
why would you pity yourself and give yourself a verdict at the end lmao.
maybe you can sleep on the couch for the last hour if they absolutely don't wanna change?
you paid for a seat as much as she did.
- it's tricky, if you don't stick to consequences, rules start to get ignored...
he might not be a sexual predator, but he's still following his buddy's playbook on destroying the credibility of anyone who might threaten his social status.
don't get me wrong, i'll always be there for them and ghosting is never an option, but there's only so much we can do to help.
you tried to give the person an opportunity, they continued to do it (which is fine) but what's not fine is that they did it in a place where it would bother you.
at all but i would keep in mind it is very hard for young people to afford to be self sufficient compared to our parents.
also, my wife likes to talk, so a 30 minute lunch could easily morph into an hour or more.
the fact that you could do actual harm has nothing to do with it.
so it's not really fair to you.
>and a week later i get a call from my uncle that my father committed suicide.
just be prepared that she might not be receptive.
la is presenting himself as a health hazard for your other students.
but he had a friend hack into your mails and messages???
that "visit" sounded like a total nightmare for you.
relationships should be 50/50 effort and he’s not valuing your time or you as an individual if he’s making you do most of the work and he’s not spending any quality time with you
- people who play their shitty music really loud annoy me.
sounds like some typical stupid discord stuff.
the way she's treating you sucks and if you can't bring up how she hurt your feelings without her flying off the handle then she's kind of being a bad friend.
ultimately just don’t keep ignoring him, some people with that mindset get unhealthily fixated and could resort to some drastic measures to regain the friendship.
he is being completely unreasonable to expect you to go to your grandmother's house and not eat the food she prepared because of his beliefs.
spontaneous travel can be fun, as long as everyone is aware and ready for the chaos.
for not wanting visit your toxic parents.
is an acceptable reason to have children.
openly choosing one on one with someone else?
get the hell out of dodge my friend.
kick him out your place damn.
if you get questioned by the police then just tell the truth.
you aren't obligated to talk to these people for any reason.
also he wants to switch rather than have you cover it?
he's not going to change 2.
that was a shit move for your wife to pull on you.
it's better for everyone if they just leave, and you're fully within your rights to be outspoken about the problems that pushed you to make your decision.
he is either screwing around with her, or getting off on the attention from her.
hopefully most people will give up their seats
i would tell your mom that she should respect your privacy a bit more and that out of courtesy/respect you are going to treat this situation as if it never happened.
also, fuck your boss for putting your coworker on blast when they didn’t accept those terms.
it might be a weird coincidence that she knew someone you've slept with but still not required to share.
he sounds like he might be the one doing it, or is just a control freak over all.
you weren’t being controlling you did what she asked.
i created an account just to respond.
you already know, you're not her dad or mum and even if that was the case it isn't acceptable behaviour, you're a friend and she's not treating you like one, she's being selfish and you should get out asap.
when spending money on behalf of other people, the golden rule is *communicate, communicate, communicate.* they should have double and triple checked with everyone.
- a needs to take care of herself with a therapist, not you.
its hard to not make that sound like an ultimatum but if you are indeed at your limit it could be worth a try.
if it’s not his first child, that just layers on the tackiness.
your body, your choice of tattoo.
it’s okay to tell your parents you’re uncomfortable discussing this with them.
based on your narrative, she thinks of you as her "*things-are-going-shitty-for-me*" friend.
she might not realize what she's doing and you shouldn't put up with it at your own expense.
on a personal note, i'm in a similar situation.
you seem like a decent dude.
, it was a mistake on their part for assuming it was a tip and mistake on yours for leaving it out.
unless you meant this in an asshole way and snapped.
if she doesn't do either, you are going to let the company auction the unit.
this is terribly unhealthy for a relationship.
does that mean that he cheats?
she may feel betrayed now, but 5 years from now she’ll be happy to still be alive.
she is the asshole of this story.
- you're not there on holiday.
i realized that it was always going to be like this, so i started doing anything i could to make money and buy my own clothes and shoes.
your mother is in the wrong here.
essentially you aren't getting a raise per se.
she's not going to like that.
it's not her wedding, it's yours.
it's rude to go straight to the parents to tell on you.
block his number, block him on social media and just pretend he doesn't exist.
but this sounds very much like he was just stringing her along, or straight cheating.
"oh, i knew he was gay.
i would feel like they're giving me a bad reputation, even if the teacher doesn't realize it's going on.
why would you be an asshole for not wanting kids?
it's not your obligation to give up your life to help her change yours.
asking for a refund is way less embarassing than breaking out in an allergic fit you caused in public.
you couldnt know if it was attacking you or not.
i have no desire to be his friend however and to be honest i'm fine with that.
women do this, guys do this, straights do this, lbgqti++- people do this , otherkins do this.
, but you are risking lose them as friends.
you should ask your supervisor to tell her to cut it out.
plus if i return the ones i find maybe others will return the ones i lose.
is there any way to get rid of her or switch with another roommate?
just go ahead and tell him that you're not feeling it.
that can be hard for you, i get it.
and if her boyfriend fucked up it’s their problem, not yours.
sometimes adults need to be corrected as well..
he overreacted, you're better than a lot of other roommates people have had.
i should be stopping him the moment he takes his pants off.
that's all there is to it.
someone asking you for money doesn’t mean you have to give them money.
some people get it, but a lot of people ask to shorten it or don't listen and pronounce it wrong anyway.
it sounds like this person needed help and were in no condition to drive, so you probably should have tried to calm them down and offered/asked to call a relative, or--failing that--called police/social services/whoever would be appropriate in your country.
you don't find her sexually attractive.
holy cow, your father physically assaulted you and the rest of you family has silently condoned it.
so she knowingly wasted the money you spent on her airfare?
the guy that apologized knew that he wasn't being nice by holding the table even if there is no rules.
i cant believe she threw a last min party on your actual daughter's birthday.
ask if it's something you think you all will need, and judging by convo, you'll see how it goes.
what’s your boyfriend say about it?
calling someone 8 times a day isn't something you do when you're ashamed of previous behaviour or respect a person's autonomy.
i think you did good, better safe then sorry.
you're only inconveniencing yourself, because then you have to find somewhere else to eat, and going there and waiting for a table is going to take a lot more than the few more seconds you'd originally have waited.
especially since you’ll be dealing with your baby and dog, the considerate thing would be to explain the reasoning behind the change of heart.
: you do not have to let anyone into your life if you don't want to.
you and your bff could go to the show and do your birthday together.
after only a month, i find it hard to disagree with your position.
i would have, and she earned it by being racist.
is the love you get right now going to be good enough for the long term future?
if your family isn't rich they may very well feel the same.
but, if you alienate him entirely, your relationship may never recover.
i know you said that she turned over a new leaf, but i question that.
it might be different if it were a reciprocal situation (i.e.
you shouldn't ask because you feel pressured.
she sounds jealous of the other women you’re meeting.
i worded the invitations carefully, stating that they were all welcome, but their guns were not.
also your boyfriend is an incredible asshole.
&#x200b; , because what you told him wasn't wrong, it just didn't relate to what he had commented.
many adults still can't do that.
you can only push so long but you can lean forever.
those bridges are just as flammable as any others in your life.
jeez who snoozes for an hour everyday.
i get that it impacted more than just us, really, and i'm sorry.
less confrontational, gets point across, and continues the conversation.
, you're friends are out of their minds.
she might want to help you with that and it sounds like she agrees, but is just a bit exasperated about the route to it through your dad.
he’s not wrong for asking for money, if he does indeed need it, but you’re allowed to be concerned foremost with your own safety and comfort in situations like this.
, besides all else going on, no child should mediate between divorcing parents, that's a bad place to be.
and i’d go as far as to say a little anger his way from a place of caring may be a good thing.
think about the way things look from her perspective.
and this is the only topic he can think of to try to talk/hang out with you?
because what's going to happen is that people are eventually going to stop playing with him and he won't know why.
but that alone will not heal you.
she could have rehomed the dog instead.
i would less consider anger and more speak your feelings to him that this was the one thing you felt equal in.
maybe what you both need is space and distance from each other.
it's perfectly reasonable to not want to discuss your medical business with people.
you obviously care for the person or else you wouldn't be asking.
total lack of empathy and awareness on her end.
, you at least did research on her pint of view and decided, for you, that it wasn’t/isn’t for you.
it’s good to try to help, but there’s nothing wrong with putting yourself first
despite what other people say, you’re not ta for having boundaries and stating them.
i've been battling major depressive disorder for 13 years.
and as you said, whilst it's nice to have money - not having it won't be the difference for you between making a rent payment and not.
i knew him since 5th grade and am in my junior year of college now and always tried to be there for him but its a painful process to watch someone spiral.
maybe she would feel more comfortable seeing a pulmonologist if you sought one out for she?
go into the meeting knowing you might have to quit.
he should be willing to understand that it would make you feel not so great.
she is clearly toxic and with so much enabling, it’ll only drag you into it.
they were either having a bad night and overreacted, or think that their child is the most precious thing in the universe.
if you were sexist, you would have intervened, but you were able to analyze they didn't need help, proceeding to let the situation unfold without you.
if she wants to walk away that's on her not you.
i feel like a should mention this, but what the hell does a 33 year old have in common with an 18 year old?
the 'if it's not good enough for you then leave' comment was meant to put you in your place.
talk to your boyfriend about this immediately, if he won't stand up for you he is disrespecting you imo.
who tells random strangers “oh my friend thinks you’re cute!” unless they’re in like 8th grade?
, he needs to be willing to change or willing to say goodbye to you.
i think it's sweet, and i think it shows that she genuinely values me for being me, so i'm judging this accordingly.
flip them a quarter and call it good.
if everything went down exactly this way, .
, but they could definitely fire you for not coming in (although i doubt they will if they're short-staffed.) it's not your fault that people quit, it's obviously theirs for some reason.
, you told your friend beforehand that her presence would bother you, and you showed up for a good amount of time anyway.
i'd be mad as hell as well, but that just doesn't relate to what happened on the couch.
boyfriend wants you to be rude and mean because he needs someone on 'his side'- it's stressful and frustrating to live in a place where you actively don't get along with any of your roommates.
your feelings and memories are important too.
she then proceeds to try to get kay to leave her social circle by hurting her feelings.
might be worth bringing this up in the chat and asking if there was a reason they excluded you.
food addiction is real and she is clearly suffering from it.
basically even when he knows that the trip bummed you out he threatens to never have you come again, and basically just tells you to act different than you feel.
it's on her if she thinks that you're judging her as a thief.
basically, he could have mourned her before she ever even passed.
are you able to see a therapist?
i get a porn folder but saving photos of friends/acquaintances to likely wank repeatedly is just weird.
it’s okay to masturbate and do what you need to to fulfill your needs.
i think it's generally wrong to screw someone over in retailation no matter how much they've hurt you, but christ, she is on another level.
in terms of people who say he'll cheat, or that it won't work, that doesn't necessarily have to be the case.
but, i think you should tell us what exactly the child is diagnosed with for the disability.
further, if you two had plans together it's not her place to be asking her friends along for the ride without discussing it with you first.
, you should always surround yourself with people who have traits that you aspire to embody, and you should never surround yourself with people who are going to drag you down into misery with them.
check the laws in your area, here in the us the dept.
now she is the only person being rude.
of course i nicely said i would rather they didn't and they seemed to understand.
thinking fast, you did a very normal thing by putting it outside.
but it is time to look for a new job.
the guy that gave you the bad look wasn't all wrong, as you said, he paid for it and there is no rules.
also, it sounds like someone doesn't want your notes after all.
instead of playing the game of ignoring you and trying to let you figure it out, she should have let you know what was wrong.
i live with my mother & would go crazy if she did this
your sexual orientation is just that - *yours*.
she should be seeing a psychiatrist about her hang ups, not her kids.
they’re trying to pretend that they never ghosted you.
she gave her blessing before the ceremony.
think about it this way: if you were in her place, would you want someone to let your family know so they can help you?
she’s not holding up her end of the bargain.
she seems a bit self centered.
he's upset that you caught him.
dump his ass thank u, next.
you're right, that was a violation of your privacy, and i think that your mom should not have posted those things without asking for your permission.
though fair warning, the group text is a bit of proof that you aren't sick.
every one is under reacting and something should probably happen here
good job on kicking her aside.
the only people who should be splitting the cost of the car are the people who went in the car with them.
i'm sure your sil was grateful for one less person "visiting" early in the am right after she's spent hours in labor...
if he wants the cat it's his responsibility both in care and finance.
you’re her son, not the local handy man.
from your first post, i thought he's into you and just being shy.
she's your friend, and she asked you to tell her if you knew something.
they will continue to do it so long as nice people like yourself continue to allow it.
simple mistake, you showed proof you weren't lying.
your friend was probably trying to support you and all that, but he went about it the wrong way.
go to /r/justnomil and the other justno subs to see this kind of stuff in action and maybe show some of the posts from there to him.
if he only paid for a fourth of the weed he shouldn’t be able to use all of it.
ok first off, that title made my think of something waaay different.
social media, like it or not, is all about voicing opinions.
not the other way around like i stated above.
, but no comment on him (info).
she probably doesn't fully understand how big of an impact it has on your emotional state.
next time just straight up say "i don't think we have enough in common and i want to see other people"
, family isn’t a good enough reason to keep toxic people in your life.
i'm not saying you are like him, but almost every person like him had a parent who acted the same way.
she should’ve gotten there earlier if she wanted a good seat, and when someone says “it’s taken,” it’s taken.
definitely, it's fair enough that you added a bit of sass to it as you had to repeat yourself that you were with a customer even though she heard you the first time.
two weeks is good practice (especially if you’re going to use them on a resumé) but not mandatory.
she's making her life your business by asking you to pay for her bills.
it takes time to learn a job, even a seemingly “easy one.” the manager definitely should not have left you alone to handle everything on your own.
, but /r/amitheasshole isn't for validation.
but bieng a hardrive they can download their suffering onto doesnt help anyone, especially you.
the driver is the asshole here.
he shouldn’t be able to say “final” at the end of something and get his way, that’s immature and shows how much he cares for your opinion.
supporting someone like this can be tiring and upsetting.
the charity worker sounds like a dick.
>never told her we were dating that was as far as i needed to get.
you've known the people forever, they're your friends.
with over 3 years experience on your cv you'll secure a better job in no time.
she was taking up a table for four after eating.
needing some space after a breakup is entirely normal and important for healing.
so my daughter could've gotten breakthrough chicken pox because some parent, who has obviously done absolutely no research, is going to have their unvaccinated kids around my vaccinated kids?!?!
if you think that contacting her will cause unnecessary drama, you don’t have to do it.
i don't think you can just take your parent off your birth certificate.
but you shouldn’t have texted her anything.
crooks love to know where the good stuff is.
they’re operating themselves as a business and should be forthcoming with major delays, otherwise they lose customers.
your number one priority is you; he is a big boy, he will get over it.
you need to communicate your boundaries clearly regarding any other people.
you're making use of a hole in the rules, but it's not illegal or wrong in my opinion.
your brother sounds toxic and you are completely in the right to not have him in your life.
you also said you were close to punching the wall, if you did that then ywbta.
do you truly believe he's vested in your kids?
people get kicked out of rpgs for ruining the experience of the rest of the group.
i've never quite understood why some people feel the need to spit all over the place.
it would have been a kindness of you to let her go first, but that is not a requirement.
i’m in my 40s now and both my parents have passed, and i sometimes wonder if things could have been better for us as a family if we had some good memories together to build on.
(even though you may get the hang of it down the road)
it's not to do what those other people are being paid to do.
she didn't care so much that she just had to let you know about your beauty.
i was a good student and was taking some of my high school class credits at the local community college already, so it made sense to go there and have those credits count towards my college degree as well.
, you might want to consider having a "group meeting" to outline house rules, giving everyone a chance to voice their opinion, break the rules x times, you're out without notice.
* she was unhappy with the airbnb so you tried to provide her more reasonable accommodations.
you’re not making her choose between you and her family.
after a two-hour lesson, most people can manage the bunny slopes without a babysitter, and even have a lot of fun doing it!
and her parents should be more tolerant.
you paid for a fair portion of the weed, he shouldn't be giving it away.
regards of your past, as a medical professional myself, this is unacceptable.
play loud music at 6.am .
as long as you return the favor eventually, don't worry so much about your friend helping you out if you need it.
you are just paying for the food at the deli.
you get to choose what relationships to stay in, and you have no obligation to change your values for her.
find ways to celebrate him and his accomplishments and maybe see it as motivation to better yourself.
he won’t learn from his lesson if you let him slide by and work with him.
, but if there's *any* chance you'll ever need to borrow money again in the future (unless it's on a totally different scale like a mortgage or educational debt), i'd save it.
and that’s a bit of a stretch because official policy is that we do not confirm or deny that someone is currently or has been a guest so i shouldn’t even call the room.
you know you're dating an overweight woman who used to be even heavier, don't expect her to keep changing to suit you, and don't be surprised if she gains all the weight back.
idk how you do it but please please do.
while i’d hope to get something we both like, i would be more concerned about my wife liking anything that i give her than whether i like it myself or not.
he might be mentally ill, on drugs or similar.
get a new room mate or move.
you can’t let one person ruin the entire production, he has a key role.
extreme heat, like the dryer, is one of the only things that will really kill them.
but at the end of the day you aren’t responsible for them and can only do so much.
each person should have 1 parking space, to use for themselves or for a guest.
have you asked your bf what c's house was like when they were kids?
tbh, that's the best kind of volunteering.
she doesn't get to complain about how you spend your money when you're financially supporting her.
things could have ended very badly if either side went fight mode out of panic.
because of the last sentence of your post.
it sounds like you are working very hard.
i try not to get involved in anyone's relationships because the messenger tends to take the brunt of it.
mainly on the fact that they didn't even bothered to at least ask you over it.
overall, your friends are petty leeches.
fluffy seems to be settling in, but be alert for these signs in case they come up.
you just wanted to play your game and he just wanted to watch some tv, just talk about it in the morning and you'll both be chill
maybe talk to that guy and ask why that's a problem?
like don't do stupid shit and expect me not to retaliate
i dated clingers in high school and it never ended up going too well for me in the end.
down the road, you meet another dude, are interested in him, and bring him on one of your movie outings to meet your friends.
only shallow assholes have friends that are shallow assholes.
she disappeared for weeks at a time and then would just drop right back into my life.
my mom did come over a little bit but i didn't *need* anyone.
you’re not physically harming your son.
the problem was easily solved by you offering to pay the expenses and she could pay you back afterwards when her money came in.
at the very least you should have a stern word with her letting her know that you have to get up early to work and need her to shut her pie hole.
are you guys really communicating here?
the situation wouldn't have escalated if you had replied to the first flirty text with something like, "tonight's not a good night for me.
as a friend, you of course are supposed to help out your friends, and you did do this- over and over and over.
this isn't a situation where you had to sacrifice * he could have easily gotten an uber, lyft, whatever.
you sound like a good guy.
she may need help but you are not responsible for her and should take care of yourself first.
you're not obligated to give anything to random people that choose to bother you while you're in the fast food drive through.
it's unfortunate you could be disbanded because of it.
it's not your fault if they have no where to stay.
topless photos of 18 year old younger sibling posted online.
real friends don't pull that crap.
aww how cute sitting on uncle's knee..
a good way of demonstrating your independence is through adult contributions to the family.
no one is anyone else’s .
sarah's birthday doesn't give her the right to be an insufferable bitch, and it sounds like her bad behavior started way before her birthday anyways.
stick with your true feelings and don’t let yourself get manipulated.
i understood this and happily went to the bookstore and art supply store for hours while so did their thing at home.
oh i could write a whole paper about this lol very similar thing happened to me like 2 months ago, that's a really difficult situation man.
it is kind of a dick move that your roommate is sleeping with your friend considering your brief romantic past.
if not, you need to re-evaluate this friendship.
if she needs something she can come to you.
bringing the dog back into an environment where it is loved and cared for makes you .
, i’m not about to assume his thoughts and mindset but anyone that gets super defensive when you bring up something that upsets you has something they hiding.
also, that’s pretty shitty - the teacher in training, who isn’t even a professional yet, gives the class an assignment without making sure the kids understand it?
it's not about the cost of the disc...
i understand that they may think you could have saved him the embarrassment of rejection, but at the same time even as a friend it's not your responsibility to coddle him and keep him safe from emotion, you're not his mother, and as callous as it sounds people need some rejection in their life every so often.
if he doesnt want to stop, make him.
you seem to be in an impossible situation.
new relationships must be handled very delicately.
the world won’t adjust to her thoughts or feelings, she literally has to learn to cope.
are you coming?” five minutes can save you a hell of a lot of aggravation.
you need to spread your wings and have your own life.
did he discount your price because he had 2 fares?
you always crash at friend a's house when you visit their city) or if it were some sort of urgent/unfortunate situation (good friend stranded last minute), but even then there can be alternatives to hosting at your apartment.
he should appreciate the fact that he means enough to you that just being in the same room as him distracts you.
maybe it won’t work but i’d personally feel better about it if i made a good effort to see what’s up.
but as long as you weren’t vocal about how you’re upset, i’d say .
you deserve to have your room respected.
honestly if he can't even respect the boundary of keeping it out of the bedroom, you might want to rethink this relationship.
this is the reason why i'm not viewing her as an ashhole either - simply a surprised, frightened cat lashing out emotionally.
don't read too much into this.
not the creation of new space specifically for his needs.
as it stands now, she’s missing and could be in who knows what kind of danger.
it was fine being friends with her and you seemed respectful of the limits.
i come from the opposite perspective - i'm the high drive in my relationship, he's the low drive.
it’s common to refuse, although you will normally have to sign a form to release the doctor from liability if something happens.
try talking to the parents too let them know that they abuse animals and they need therapy or something
her choice must be incredibly hard to see, and your reaction is understandable.
not only was sort of insane to keep your relationship a secret for that long, but now for another six years?
if your bf wants a brand new car, let him pay for it.
you said she can have one if she wanted it.
either abortion is or is not wrong, and supposing it is wrong (this is just hypothetical here, i'm not trying to convince you that it actually is) then she *should* think it's wrong because that's the correct opinion, and it's the correct opinion regardless of whether it could ever affect her directly.
if they aren't prepared to take responsibility for their mental health or their actions, then they have to live with the consequences.
it isn't your fault she has nothing that belonged to the kid's father.
it should be common sense to be careful when putting heavy books on top of anything that is not a heavy book.
mind games at its finest, he's got issues
but , getting annoyed can't really be helped.
you should know both well enough to be able to say whether they have enough in common that it could work out or just cause unnecessary drama.
it's a disaster because ireland, especially outside of dublin, is just not built to deal with severe weather.
i told her husband i would castrate him with a rusty knife if she had more.
sounds like you dodged a bullet.
i would sit your mom down and explain to her one last time that her boyfriend can’t stay and you won’t be discussing it anymore.
- your friend isn’t much of a friend tbh.
i understand christmas is a family holiday, but if you are struggling and need the money i think they would understand.
he made his bed, and he has to lay in it.
my 2c is rather than accepting your parents punishment encourage them to find out wtf is going on with your sister.
if he wanted to go so badly he should’ve paid for the bed himself.
- schools are destined to treat special ed kids better.
you’re , you should dump your girlfriend for deleting those messages, if nothing else.
the trouble is that you are both walking on different paths and have different life experiences.
sure, you could've told them a specific date, but they could have also asked - their flakiness is besides the point.
they definitely got your mothers personality and i'm sorry to hear shit like this is happening to you.
you basically spelt it out for him and he still got it wrong.
it is unfortunate that he forgot his key but it's not your responsibility to be his backup plan for a l forgotten key.
i thought girl 1 was the original tinder date, but by the end, i'm thinking girl 1 is the last girl you made out with.
yeah adults with jobs don’t have that luxury.
i'm curious though, where does she want to go?
most douchebags nowadays would just dip out then ghost.
i don't see anything wrong with not wanting her back, if she is just realizing how important you are for her then bad luck, it seems like you are doing way better and although it seems hard, you are not an asshole for not wanting her in your life after what she did, you may feel like one but it doesn't seems like you are one.
on the other hand, you didn't tell her why you didn't want to go out, so that she would at least know that it wasn't the result of random whim.
it's not a big deal and it seems like he's trying to stir shit to vent his frustration.
- it's not your job to cover for your dad's shitty behavior.
also good luck on your finals!
your concern for your mums wellbeing is admirable considering so many people would go straight down the nursing home route.
sexual compatibility is an important part of relationships, and it’s completely reasonable for you to look into other options if your current situation isn’t working.
your mom definitely is an alcoholic.
you don't have to be around anyone if you don't want to and it doesn't sound to me like you did anything wrong.
you don't even have to do it in accusatory way or at least dont have to outright say you were assaulted (even though you were), you could just state the facts of how it went down like you did here, and then leave it open to interpretation.
id say all the breakup stuff is probably an overreaction for her being a bit ashamed of herself.
why would it be different the other way around?
remember that they treated you this way.
i feel that people should be courteous & tactful with sensitive issues, especially since you may be in public while going thru the subreddit.
however, kudos to the sister for checking bc sometimes even the most picturesque marriages could be abusive behind closed doors.
also, if they had a problem with it, they should have talked to \*you\* about it instead of bitching to the rest of the family.
, as long as you help out people when they really need it working 8 hours a day is normal and not asshole at all.
he "forgets" to "help" you with chores for the house where he also lives?
it sounds like you're going about it the right way: letting your friend know you're there for them and putting the ball in their court to respond.
hanging out as a group will actually give you a chance to make some new friends, especially if the +1 friend's visit is to see her own friends.
at least you were honest about not wanting to give it to her instead of doing so, then resenting her for your decision.
you were the ride, sure, but you were very clear that you were going home, clearly communicated that, and she declined to come with you.
on the other hand, they might actually just be friends and if they are that's fine.
it's going to be hard for them to adjust to that and hopefully in a few years you'll have a job where you are able to come back for the holidays (so long as that's something you want to do).
the dumper is using you as a backup plan the dumpee thinks (very incorrectly i might add) that staying friends gives them the best chances for a reconciliation.
does that not strike you as potentially leading her on?
it could be embarrassing for her.
but if she’s used to her bad habits being catered to, she may be upset when suddenly they’re not.
however, i wouldnt expect things to change.
, she's living with the consequences of her life choices.
if you could extend your kindness and help her out however, then i'd really want you to do so.
being an introvert doesn't make somebody an asshole.
but if it's 10 against 1 and the majority agrees they don't want to allow it, you'd be the asshole for continuing.
he needs to get with the program or pack up and move on.
this happened to me a couple months ago.
my parents don’t feel entitled either.
sexual assault is very terrible but you just can't claim this whenever you feel like it.
there would only be a few reasons to do that.
if she really cared for you, she would want you to be independent and able to look after yourself.
that is lazy and not proactive
because that literally is something that your dad's health depends on.
it's hard enough with no university education to get a job that pays a living wage.
his lack of knowledge is the perfect reason to have this discussion.
i get that because it saves time, but people pick up on it and it can hurt your chances of getting a followup call." have alternative phrasings ready so that you are offering solutions.
“american” is the commonly-accepted demonym for people from the u.s.
it would be a nice thing to do but  if you don’t.
- you aren't obligated to talk to anyone.
, but your roommate doesn't sound like a huge asshole either.
they made sure you knew that.
he's trying to make you feel bad for something so silly and small.
maybe do some therapy on your own to help you develop coping skills.
while you’re allowed to have an opinion, it’s still her relationship, so that might have been a case of you involving yourself too much.
it sounds like you'd be willing to help her out if you could, but realistically can't.
they can chip in by buying smaller accessories or peripherals to whatever your gift is, then give everything to the kids together, as a gift "from all of us"?
not both the both of you.
- just assume the camera is on at all times, and since this is for an actual job, it protects both of you in case there's some eventual incident or dispute.
i think you are in the right.
i hope the game gives you a lot of happiness and fun!
your sister not being able to express her emotions like a grown up is not your (or anyone elses) problem.
he needs to learn to understand your needs both in terms of introversion and in terms of your need for intimate time with your partner.
she wouldn't let me do the most trivial things (like play video games for more than a few minutes at a time) and was in constant fear of me and my brother dying.
just wanted to address your edit > this is a bad idea.
remain neutral and out of it.
do you feel like you could make a difference in her life by being honest about her behaviour?
showing up late everyday even if she is pregnant has to be a reason to fire her.
, but you're going to take a whole lotta tax hit by not rolling over your 401k
you went to a bar that was five miles away from the bar he went to.
this doesn’t sound like a friend.
maybe chat to a few others who you know want to donate but don't particularly support the nra and see if you can all contribute to a ornament for his grave or something.
i think she should defend you too.
not to mention what he might have been using it for in secret.
the things we find tip worthy drive me crazy.
this would be a really good time to teach the kids bodily autonomy, in my opinion.
, but your sil is though for sure.
say what you will, but it also sounds like your husband is an apologist for their behavior.
take your notebook to a starbucks and have a coffee.
2) later in my 30's i got bitter, and resigned myself to a life of mostly just jackingoff.
it's not selfish of you, you are never obliged to have sex.
you were in an incredibly stressful situation (as was everyone) and dealt with it the best you could.
i'm not saying that will happen to you, but personally i wasn't 100% sure about my sexuality until some time in college.
she needs to take something/anything in order to contribute.
though that can change if you force him to not invite her.
i think some more context about y’all’s age and lives might help a bit, because it sounds like your boyfriend needs some more respectful friends.
, i would do everything i can to find the owner of that dog.
you had made it clear that you didn’t feel comfortable leaving the dog with his parents so he should’ve talked to you about it beforehand.
and you heard her not wanting you with her at this party and got more annoyed and angry.
i was at a concert a couple weeks ago-the kind where you're really crammed in there together-and some douche canoe was laying down absolutely toxic clouds, and i was so mad!
and even if he was; i'm sure he wouldnt want to share his medical situation with random disgruntled neighbor (you).
definitely , and especially if he has a history of fucking up cars.
people don't just get to decide to be friends with you whenever it's convenient for them.
what if he had the flu or a high fever and another kid got sick from it?
don't play into their childish slut shaming.
you should want to go on a date and if your gut is saying you don't, you shouldn't.
as long as you let everyone know right away.
he's not respecting something completely valid and not adhering to something so simple.
, not necessary to tip during takeout
they plan everything and we just write a check to pay for it.
when i go out with my friends we almost always pay for our own meals.
to be mad but don't return it yourself.
i’m surprised your not more angry with the team lead than your friend.
has she not heard of lyft or uber?
you’re not voicing them to those who feel differently at this difficult time and have compassion for your other family members who have a different kind of relationship with her, or acting inappropriately so i see no problem.
other than living a lifestyle you don't approve of, she seems to be a pretty good sister.
you don't have to deal with people just because you are related.
- you're giving them a great deal, and its the school's decision on whether they want to accept the offer or not.
your aunt needs to grow the hell up.
it may be time to have a talk with her explaining all of her faults and that if she cannot resolve these in a timely manner, that she may need to seek an apartment elsewhere.
ps: your ex probably knew this was a win win for her.
shitty 'family' members isn't owed anything special because 'famileeeee'.
, but if you do tell him id stick with reasons like not liking so many people having your address and your own privacy concerns, not issues with his lifestyle, because that will likely upset him.
now it's time for you to forgive her and give her a chance to treat you better.
the good news is you don’t have to live with him forever.
, the fact that they kept on doing this stupid joke makes them the jerks.
that girl is most likely going through a lot and the system failed her.
being nice and civil is definitely something that most people want to maintain, however there is no particular reason to ask how their day is going or anything of the sort.
no one can “should” you into how to feel unless you let them.
obviously, your company is putting pressure on the employees to come in regardless of their health and he might have been fearful of getting fired if he was to call out sick.
there seems to be a lot more going on in his mind if your facts are straight and he lived the exact same life you do right now what are your parents' opinions on his behaviour and your situation?
for selling a gift from an ex.
maybe talk to your wife and see if you can pay for a night or two at a motel?
he'll probably need your help in a few years.
bad service usually is the result of poor management/ higher volume of patrons than expected/ poor training /lack of teamwork/ silly mistakes.
i could understand if they had all arrived, sat down, put coats and belongings down and then some of them went to grab refreshments or use the facilities, but just saving that many seats because they couldn't organize well enough to get there on time?
i think you're doing what is right for you and that is perfectly okay.
i'm assuming she's also not willing to cover the rent money you'll be losing out on?
can he not keep enough for booze and cigarettes?
- you need to leave the cart in line and then get the items.
reach out to her and let her know that you don't have anything to wear but want to respect the dress code.
porn of whatever kind isn't a big deal but the parts of this that would make me kick him to the curb are kiddie porn, getting nude photos from someone he knows, and having a fetlife account which means interaction with others about sex.
i think you should limit the gifts.
as long as you aren’t misleading the girls or hiding the fact that you’re dating around you’re .
as humans, we try to point fingers at others before facing reality.
the pull of an abuser can be strong and she needs to know that if and when she’s willing to leave, she’ll be supported.
or you could buy a whole bunch of sex toys and leave them in plain sight in your private spaces, and at the top of all your drawers.
clearly you have multiple reasons not to trust your bf (including cheating before and the ex knowing stuff she could only have known if he told her).
- you can’t know how it’ll impact your relationship with your sister (but it probably won’t be positive).
change all your passwords and ghost the fuck outta him since he can't seem to take a hint.
if she's too busy and doesn't know how, is there any chance she could afford a maid service?
my sister is severely bipolar and despite not liking her meds as they can cause problems she knows i won't speak to her if she goes off them and that mum and dad would not be happy so she knuckles down and works through it.
honesty is always the best policy.
for not being in the mood, but don't beat around the bush with what you want or don't want, especially through text.
and if that’s what she expects then she should expect to get laughed at periodically.
if you pay for the place you have a say in it too.
you shouldn't reevaluate your friendship with your best friend.
tbh i'm pretty shocked they would even ask.
she is obviously infringing upon your personal space and property by eating food you brought without approval (that's a pretty big red flag).
i don't think she's an asshole for helping her family but they are assholes for manipulating her.
he's a nuisance and you don't need to put up with that kind of crap.
anti vaxxers put any immunocomprimised people at risk, not just themselves.
but as a friend you could offer to kick in a bit or at least assemble/set-up the replacement.
you know, even if she were perfect and never kept those pictures, you might have not been able to work past it.
- your boyfriend is a good person for wanting to help others, but it's understandable that you're concerned for him when he's struggling financially.
, go ride english, maybe offer to spend a bit of time with your old teacher for coffee the weeks you wouldn't see her.
it seems like it may have been too late to abort when the disfunctional heart was discovered.
&#x200b; i don't know if you needed to do it, but it does not make you wrong.
saying "no offence" or "i am not trying to be racist" doesn't make anything he says less racist, and i hope you can make that clear to your boyfriend, because he is obviously missing that point.
, but i would also recommend calling cps.
you get more time overall and she gets more down time with him, which seems like a win/win.
covering for other people is, typically, above and beyond.
- i reported my aunt for tax evasion.
then there’s always next year lol
i'm around his age and i'm very grateful/thankful/appreciative that my parents aren't charging me rent so i can commute to grad school rather than pay for an apartment.
she's mistaken but a lot of people are when it comes to things regarding social situations, other people, and self esteem.
it sounds like she was "in class" just so she could have an excuse to not work or do housework.
but, either way, you say she ended the friendship?
classes aren't generally long, and you can always take some knowledge from a class, either actively or passively.
you gave her a notice she didn't listen, and she fired an employee over text.
was there no way you could have just told her to put her feet on the floor without mentioning underwear?
some people with authority over kids use that power negatively and this is a great example of that.
think of it like a four quadrant graph with mental health as the x axis and mental wellness as the y axis.
for that matter, what the hell is "it's really hard to say no to you" supposed to mean, especially when he already knows you're irritated and want to leave?
, i think asshole is kind of extreme but i think you could of handled it better.
did someone spend their money or your money?
at this point, you may need to ghost her, if that's what it takes.
i sold in college and my roommate eventually hit me with the same crap.
it borders on you being the asshole, but you were assaulted, so the fighting is understandable and possibly even justified.
makes me wonder if her father is mean to her if she's late.
if particular rituals are no longer edifying for you: don't do them.
either you live there or his brother lives there.
i get wanting privacy because they're a couple and whatnot but seriously, why is it needed?
one, does is physically hurt and is she in bad pain?
in the future don’t tolerate that behavior for that long.
— you tried to politely decline the topic from the get go, she belittled you and your family, and for what?
they have no context to understand what's going on with you or why you're treating them like you are.
if you don't feel comfortable, don't go.
i babysat everyday in the summer for a family and did any odd jobs i could in the neighborhood.
you were being used and you were pissed.
it was a misunderstanding and he's blowing things way out of proportion.
anyway, like you said, there’s a slim chance of winning, so no, you’re not an asshole for entering!
someone she knows who would want her.
enjoy being alone and finding who you are.
i avoid people on my birthday.
what a shitty, irrational way to respond to such an easy fix.
if people want certain seats, they need to fork over the money to pick their seats.
you aren’t required to spend time with someone who is vocally miserable all the time.
once you've said it, though, you should go ahead and block so you don't get drawn into an argument.
site websites about adhd, provide some resources that she can use for self improvement, and recommend she start seeing a therapist that specializes in cognitive behavioral therapy for those with adhd.
she needs to be able to make friends over her own life, not using information about yours.
unless you’re a reputable breeder, you shouldn’t be breeding dogs.
i had to move out of my student house in summer due to a reckless housemate and suddenly dodgy area (someone got shot down the road, and drug dealers started crawling around the street).
i would have done the same and asked them to leave.
you definitely have the right to be a little pouty lol.
because of my pickiness, i only have 2 friends i enjoy keeping close.
they have no business changing anything.
all so info does he want it for only his religion or for every religion?
as for the time lost not having the book, i just checked amazon and it's available amazon prime two day delivery.
next time act incredibly stupid and ask her to explain herself about what "one of those families means" and "why would our dad hit us".
you both need to have a better understanding of how the other copes, and then agree to compromise on doing something or saying something (just enough) to keep the other in the loop, ya know?
it may actually drive your wife to be closer to her father and provide the same amount if not more opportunities for your fil to bring your son to the mosque and teach him more about islam.
that girl is an absolute unstable disaster who doesn't need to have pets at all.
no, that doesn't mean it isn't creepy as hell to date a child.
i see your point, what i would do if i were you right?
the last few lines, in which you said she has been fangirling about the new person she had...made clear that all she wanted was someone who would *constantly* reassure her with soft words.
no, you're not the asshole for not making a ton of concessions and avoiding a situation that will probably make *all* of your lives more difficult than they need to be.
i think maybe you should look at this another way: instead of calling you your birth name and misgendering you, her mom accepts your gender identity and is treating you like she would any other boy.
there's really nothing you can do about it though, you're presumably a minor and are using their equipment in their home.
i hope you find out what’s going on but it seems like these are all very valid concerns.
i don't think the apologies count for anything at all.
, and its ridiculously stupid that you got suspended for that.
people can be thoughtless, especially around things they don't understand.
if they didnt want $6000 in hulu gift cards they shouldn't have added it to the invites.
i would quite literally lose my mind in your situation.
they were an asshole for hogging the dryers.
your old job sounded like absolute pure misery.
, she probably still has feelings for him, in a stockholm syndrome kind of way.
this situation may change with age, but even if it doesn't you'll find a lot of people online that are estranged from their family.
it's not your fault he couldn't take a hint (or 2, or 20...)
you can simply tell her you aren't ready for anything serious right now.
"aita for not wanting to be friends with some guy?" no, period.
telling his fiance likely wouldn't have made a difference.
you should take time to clean and to spend time with your dad, this is normal activity.
his narrative is already out there, and at this point it's your word against his.
this is a huge serious series of events in your life.
assuming you are trans but not out, there’s nothing wrong with being who you are online.
i'd quick-check his mails and delete them* without reading any further if they don't contain vital info but if you feel like replying, hey, it's your time and effort.
she cheated on you with your best friend.
then magically find the time to do it yourself when someone else is kind to them?
wow the server just automatically put the cocktail on your bill??
i think i’m coming down with a sudden case of broken leg.”
staying friends is always a terrible idea, despite everyone who does calling it the “mature, adult thing to do” when you stay friends two things are usually happening.
nothing he does is your fault.
being career driven and/or materialistic are not necessarily virtues, although our society can sometimes portray them as such.
they still contribute despite feeling like death and having a mind/body that malfunctions without warning.
i know it’s too late now, but in the future take photos at the scene to document any damage/ non-damage so that you have evidence to refute people’s claims.
sounds like he had gone beyond self defence and started attacking back which is not ok, if you gain the upper hand in self defence you either k.o with minimal force or look to restrain.
and it sounds like the kids are going to be in a less than ideal situation no matter what happens.
you can absolutely cut them out of your life.
- she sounds like a completely ineffective and disorganized manager.
that's part of growing up and it sucks, but i think the important thing is you recognize these feelings of annoyance and jealousy and find a way to move on.
- you guys discussed something and agreed on it, and she didn't follow through.
after i left the girl stood up and went for the booth.
it will break your heart and the first person youll blame is yourself.
i’m sure she loves you, but this girl is carrying her feelings around like they’re a button collection.
if it was a strangers car your sister hit the damage would be reported and they would have to pay if she couldn't.
asking for gas is not out of the question.
even now i feel like i need validation from strangers on the internet growing up if you searched my full name in images loads of embarassing photos of me as a child appeared, which was obviously used as bully bait.
however, she should not have responded in the way that she did.
mainly because you didn't get an invite until 5 days before.
for you to have been married for 8 months and already separated; theres a much bigger issue here than a threesome.
put it in terms of you wanting to be considerate of her, as she finds them gross, and not put her through that.
you're not needlessly trying to hurt him--you needed to set these boundaries for self-preservation.
well that’s toxic to have to deal with.
you have given her more than enough chances and she owes you money to fix your stuff.
we don't want you going out the same way she did.
this may all become a non-issue if she gets a regular day job, no?
you've done everything you can and he *has* to want to help himself.
you want to be romantic, she wants to keep you friendzoned.
hopefully it's not just laziness, but it sounds like there is a reason they don't want to go upstairs, some past experience that makes them leery.
i’d hope my boyfriend would do the same thing for me in that situation
&#x200b; if anything venue a is a good idea because if people are visiting from out of town they have a wide variety of hotels to choose from.
security measures exist for a reason and often are only compromised when people get complacent or lazy.
i suppose you could make an effort to try to see it other ways, and my personal distaste for relationship jealousy factors in, bit other than that, i see no troubling behavior on your part.
both over reacting and your friend has probably lied again and made you out to be the bad guy.
i would also tell her why and that she will not be part of the baby's life until she goes to counseling.
if he doesn't believe you, don't push the issue.
we can’t go around tipping everyone.
if she can afford a nanny can she afford a cleaning service?
your friend definitely should have talked to you first, especially if he knew about all the shit you went through in your relationship with your ex.
depression is a corruption that robs you of your ability to register the fact that people do care about you and that you are worth something in their eyes.
however, i'd just say to keep an open mind.
perhaps you could agree to take it down in the winter, at least while waterfall is off?
if i were your boss, i would be questioning if i made the right decision in hiring you.
limiting your time with him is not making you the asshole, it can likely help keep you mentally and emotionally sound and more prepared to spend time with him *when you choose to*.
he just needs to get over it.
the only person who can help her get her life together at this point, is her.
kinda sounds like that to me.
but all that depends on how much control your father has given you over the house.
and then your sister goes and exhausts some more emotional labour from your mom by crying to her that life isnt fair because everyone isnt bending over backwards to look after her kids.
if it bothered them, they wouldn't continue pestering you.
if you care about this person consider dropping them a message and asking how they're getting on.
there are plenty of videos online of people pranking/trolling these fake scams to get them pissed off that might help lighten the mood for her.
she needs to be pulling her own weight.
sounds very much like you're .
if it's the latter, then i'm afraid you're treading in asshole territory, even if it's just slightly.
your concern is real and valid and the worst thing you can do to yourself is tie yourself to a man who cannot work with you towards a shared goal.
people are going to be butt hurt on her behalf here because it’s involving nudity but as a photographer you legally owned those images and had the right to do whatever you wanted with them.
her son is an adult, and this simply isn't any of her business.
but obviously your advice wasn’t inherently dumb because you’re a woman, as some commenters have also suggested.
she asked if we would unfriend him and many people resoponded that they did.
it’s not your responsibility to support their family at your expense.
perhaps fake being out of town that day, if you live on your own?
i think some people will call you the asshole because you live at home at age 22.
, but it really was your fault that this happened.
get your stuff back, and light that motherfucker up.
0 respect for you and your things, 0 respect for the space you guys share.
not only did she cheat on you, but she's rubbing your face in it.
i understand if you can't ever forgive her but, you have to at least acknowledge that she went out of her way to explain to you that she knows she was at fault, and she's sorry.
it might not have been that big of a deal to let those two girls cut in line, but once you say yes once, other people will also want to.
stop engaging with her on any level.
at the very least you shouldn’t even be paying for the air bnb since you didn’t use it, but seeing as you 1) saved him money on the pizza (presumably more than your share would be worth) and 2) asked about the bowling and he said don’t worry about it, i would definitely say he’s responsible.
i’d be interested to know how the talk with your bil goes.
also, maybe have her evaluated for depression.
hell, you smacked them upside the head with a clue by 4 and they didn't get it.
be honest with him and try to come up with a mutually beneficial compromise together, especially if you each have designated living spaces.
but explain how donating it is a good thing and maybe let her pick one to donate and go with you to drop it off.
doing that to someone you know is, or has been, suicidal is beyond disgusting.
if she wants to go again, you can tell her it makes you slightly uncomfortable because of his history and remarks.
it doesn’t matter if he doesn’t like it or dislike it.
tell her eric should have pulled out if daycare is so expensive.
as a young person with a joint disorder that causes me chronic foot and knee problems, i have been in a similar situation.
but not everyone is willing to share food.
last year tim had a baby with a girl he met while he was in therapy and seems to be happier.
by saying you know she's insecure about her looks and then selecting your answer based on this you literally just expressed empathy...i don't understand that.
your repeated requests for her to stop were ignored.
if the "joking" genuinely bothers you, it's okay to ask people to stop.
you should be embarrassed and pissed at them for humiliating you.
think of it as cognitive behavioral therapy.
you need to talk to someone about the sexual harassment you experienced.
his drinking does affect you, and i really encourage you to take a step back to see how his drinking affects your life.
i cannot tell you how many times i was guilted out of events i really wanted to go to by my ex because she was upset, wanted to spend time together, etc.
it’s a shame she doesn’t realize that hat is the symbol of pretty much everything jesus was against.
talk to your dad about it.
no fucking way would i trust this guy.
, you were upfront about no sleepovers and got her an uber.
i would call her out if she does it again, if your comfortable doing that.
she will find out what her family already knows and is sheltering her from.
can you take the dog to the vet and see if it's microchipped?
you may have really helped some distressed people.
because there was no malicious intent and you seem to kinda feel bad about it to the point that you made this post.
as abrupt as the break-up might've been (and as much as that could've hurt her) you told her what you wanted (to break up) instead of hiding it.
your coworker, however, is a giant one.
i'm super noise sensitive too, so i can sympathize with being bothered by it, but i try to draw a distinction between "normal sounds of daily life" and "excessive noise because people are being jerks." if the everyday noises bother you, it's up to you to find ways to mitigate it (white noise, earplugs, sound dampening measures inside your unit).
you'd be the asshole if you stayed in a relationship you don't really want to be in.
now it would be different if you had put her on blast with full details but assuming that “she broke up with me because she liked other guys rather than me and she didn’t even have the dignity to tell it to my face” was all you said i'd say you conveyed your break up and hurt feelings in a very respectful way especially considering your age and what she did.
the person who made the policy is a bit of an asshole though when it comes to the spouse thing.
your brother has a different idea in mind.
go and live a toxic free life.
i would advise you to forgive - not for him but for yourself.
perhaps draft a parenting plan (loads online) and if the father won't commit to it then cut him off until he will.
they had a lot of their own pride and sense of self worth wrapped up in my future, and it caused a lot of friction between us.
will your wife go with you, will the girls go with you, or will she be left tending grieving anxious sad kids while you're traveling?
i feel bad for your boyfriend especially, but it must suck having such a shitty sister like that.
anyone who says “no you invited me, you pay, that’s how it works” no matter the context is an asshole lol.
or cook her a meal or help her fill her tank so she can get to family without worry?
$180,000 is good, even for california and you could probably very easily fly her out to visit once a month or more.
does she want your memory of her birthday to be soured forever?
i'm assuming you're an adult, and if you're not financially dependent on them at all then who says you have to spend time with them at all?
you got a lower price, that's none of his business.
theres a difference between not being attracted to someone because of their weight and actively hating on someone because of their weight.
sounds like you are better off without her.
you are defining the rules of the breakup.
, you're doing your job and were more lenient than necessary.
i was always taught to return a borrowed item in better condition than i received it.
thats awful behaviour on his part, dont let him invalidate your fantastic birthday gifts and your efforts.
her behavior was entitled and rude af.
hang on to the good friends who have stuck by your side.
it’s hard to admit that your parents are really that toxic and having children around them may not be the best idea.
i'd be worried if it was a long relationship and you were in the rebound stage, but you haven't even gone on a date with her yet.
because you asked if she was sure.
you can ask your friend to spend some one-on-one time together.
only actual assholes eat and ask for food that they know they're allergic to.
my oldest daughter must be on a rigorous sleep schedule.
you can't help people who don't want to be helped.
he was released to your fiance's mother, not your fiance.
op should not be shamed for enjoying an all-time legend in concert!
so you have 48 hours to find a way to do it how you want, or i’ll take the situation into my own hands.”
also, she can't expect your life to completely revolve around her schedule.
do what you have to do for your own happiness and well-being.
- yes, she should follow social protocol of decency and being a guest in someone's home while she is there.
she is consistently putting herself and others in danger, and ignoring your offers for free uber rides.
if she feels uncomfortable going somewhere with you, that's a problem you have to deal with.
if you're going to pay for it out of pocket literally no one is better off by going through insurance and it's not fraud by any stretch of the imagination.
i don't know if you're going to want to put up with this forever.
- you can’t know how successfully you or your (very young) sister will be able to handle the teasing, insults, and rumors.
, how old is she and how old are you?
- for starters, blissful ignorance is never a good state to settle in.
for having an ultimatum over monogamy or ending it.
you spoke up, when that didn't work, you got up, and after getting pushed, you still chased her down.
let him overdose on his relationship and when it fails, leave him stranded alone for a bit, not forever, but for a bit.
i’m sure he was a good guy.
that’s emotional blackmail as far as i’m concerned.
even if she’s being completely innocent with him and nothing inappropriate is happening you can’t easily look past the fact that she’s obviously a liar.
, if he wants to continue using the account he and his sister can share a profile.
especially when it's hit the rocks.
your company's behaviour was extremely poor though.
just because you’ve listened to people and kept secrets in the past doesn’t mean that you don’t deserve to be treated the same when you’re on the other side of the coin.
you should probably talk to the office people at your complex and let them know that this lady is being foolishly petty and is now unnecessarily involving the police when they could be waiting for real crimes and problems to occur.
the parents have no right to be mad at you
i don't think we're a good fit for a friendship at this point.
the post is a bit confusing as at the beginning you say you've only known her for a short time, then all the examoles make it sound like several years.
if he won't accept your feelings as valid and chooses to attack you for speaking your truth, i think you should consider having a very serious conversation with him.
did you guys let them know you were headed out to get some fresh air and to get away from the loud music for a bit?
young kids are influenced by everyone around them, so it is possible that your daughter sees her cousin as elder and deems her behavior appropriate.
then you follow it up with "if i see a piece of jewelry i *really, really* want, i promise i *will* tell you."
"you don't get to decide how your behaviour affects me." repeat as needed until he gets a clue or you dump him, whichever comes first.
that being said, i think a lot of men don’t realize when they’re being sexually aggressive in these subtle ways.
he's my best friend, and so much more than i could have ever imagined for myself.
just move on, you tried to let the new guy know and he didn’t care.
they made life difficult on you, on purpose and did not give you much of a chance to be happy.
if he really respected you then he would have at least talked to you first.
"time spent with me is time spent with *me*, not them" is not unreasonable or outrageous.
there was a time frame where you made it clear she was welcome.
and her breaking it off is truly a blessing for you.
they likely think you're an a-hole because you keep going and expecting others to conform to your dietary/budgetary restrictions.
women don't put muscle on the way men do, and the average woman is less physically strong than the average man.
as long as you’re not lying about it.
its hard to tell if it is justified for you to be mad at the others.
my high school sweetheart died in a car accident on the way home after staying out late.
those behaviours are massively extreme and suggests something else is contributing i understand your frustratiins though si
not your fault, hopefully now, when presented with similar situations and legitimate avenues for correction you'll remember how you feel now, and make use of them.
mate, you're definitely  for wanting to not be your wife's "wallet with legs." you need to find marriage counseling, but you also need to ask yourself what the actual state of your relationship is, and whether this can continue or not.
be cautious and smart about it, but it really saved me and my budget.
you don’t have to loan your car to anyone you don’t want to for any reason you don’t want to, even if that person is paying for it as a gift, especially since you’re willing to take over the payments.
the fact that he told your grandma rather than you does suggest though that he's totally aware of his assholish behaviour--he felt guilty and it was easier to tell your grandma rather than you directly.
especially that, he needs to quit asking.
the code your husband is talking about is young, dumb idiots mutually refusing to watch out for each other because it's too much trouble.
she's very insecure and needs to sort it out, maybe even therapy.
if no plans were concrete, and she didnt tell you at all, theres no reason for her to be mad
you are involved cause thats your sibling.
it’s perfectly fine to decline an invitation when you don’t want to pay to attend.
if that’s a common theme with him, that’s a pretty big red flag.
your online friend is crossing lines here.
don't let their addiction make you relapse.
but there were probably better ways to handle the situation.
, but will be if you pressure them to pay for it just because you think it will help.
and it sounds like you're 21+, so you're old enough to know better.
feeling love and closeness in a relationship is not a function of blood.
you’re not actively trying to break them up or being a jerk to the girlfriend or your brother.
but you gotta learn to stick up for yourself.
what kind of european/french are you?
if sex was occurring in the shower, that would be one thing, but its not and she should not be able to tell you what you can and cant do in your own home.
, and i don't know what your roommate expects you to do.
hope that makes it a little easier.
it sounds like a bit more than a mess, it sounds like a costly bio hazard!
suggest to have him checked by a professional to see if it *is* in fact ocd.
*the last part of this paragraph is sarcasm.
total psychological foot in the door approach where they probably intended to make you stay till 11 anyway.
says you take everything personally, but takes you saying you don't like your job as an attack on your entire lifestyle with him.
if age is just a number jail is just a room
i'm sure there are some great things that came out of the discussion for you and some fucked things.
sounds to me like you'll be made to feel guilty if you go too.
no one is ever ready for that.
i’m gonna say , but you need to talk to him and maybe get some family members to talk to him too about allie.
expecting that of you is selfish, to be honest.
we had kids by then, and other than this issue our marriage is great.
but honestly you're both too old to have poor communication skills like that.
they may advise you to euthanize, but they cannot make that decision on your behalf.
in fact, you're doing her a huge favor.
he just doesn’t want you to touch his car.
i hope even after all that you still are able to find a quality psych who can help you continue to grow and improve.
the minister said, "the_goob's mom, god doesn't send babies to hell!".
you are probably right in saying that she needs to get rid of them.
that would seriously piss me off.
offer to buy him that, or that he can get the money that this tv would cost towards a new tv of his own choice.
admittedly, i don’t need to be super close area-wise to my family.
when we have the possibility of checking the fluids in the mothers womb and/or taking matter from the fetus to check for disabilities, why not do it to prevent suffering?
what else were you supposed to do besides lie to someone who is your friend now?
you even dragged ass as much as you could.
this is important so listen closely: you owe her nothing.
i know that sucks, but i've had a lot of experiences like this with friends.
she says she could have been attacked.
let alone, all the signs that she's probably going to be a bit of a nightmare to live with (no offense to her, i'm sure she's a great friend, but if it's this difficult *before* you've all moved in together...imagine).
i get where you’re coming from.
— that’s inherently religious and it’s rather rude to oblige you to it if you decline.
you two are going through some pretty traumatic events and it's probably really hard to toe the line between being supportive, trying to move on and being sensitive about each other's (probably somewhat erratic) feelings.
you’re a new parent so they should be more understanding that your life is different and you have to take care of your family first.
being married to someone who invalidates your words with their own is not a formula for a happy union.
(she is!) but still, don't do it.
it's usually best to just leave and let live.
it’s not difficult to not be an asshole, *especially* when you’re a guest in someone else’s home.
suicide isn't something to joke about, and people who do joke about it are a good amount of the time actually suicidal.
you originally asked him if he wanted one and he said no - why didn't he bring it up again if he had changed his mind?
also, there's nothing wrong with cutting toxic people from your life.
i would say stop tutoring her, at least for free.
you aren’t telling on anyone, you’re just letting people know what actually happens.
don't be too hard on your sister though.
you need to be in a healthy place too.
i'm in my 30's now, happily and gainfully employed at a nonprofit.
you were just trying to protect her, and she was just being friendly.
also it's not "unfairly punitive", they chose to have a child, and now they need to pay the costs associated with it (eg.
it angers me so much that rapists and their enablers worry about the rapist’s wellbeing over that of the victims.
it has been nothing but detrimental to my life.
youre not being an ahole for wanting the area to function properly.
so what if it's a little expensive if you'll pay him back.
it's not ideal to lose your temper, but you're only human.
you aren't friends with him anymore, so i don't think there's a bro code to follow.
so you were justified if you wanted to go further (which you did).
but people are definitely assholes themselves and that’s why you always need to be guarded.
fwiw i wrote this whole thing out and erased it because i think a story illustrates better.
this is completely on her, especially since you didn’t even know until after.
- ofcourse your allowed to ditch your friends for wwe.
i don’t think it would hurt.
he needs to stand up to them and let them know if they want to not talk then that's their only option.
this is a difficult one because you were clear on your feelings about dogs to begin with so,  on that part.
he doesnt give you what you need.
it is not fair for them to expect you to mediate their inability to communicate properly, especially to your own detriment.
i will say that your feelings are justified but you should still be as gracious and supportive as you can.
it would be far worse for her to think that your relationship was essentially a lie.
i gather you live with your parents so do you depend on your folks for food, transportation, etc?
then post how much each person owes and when you expect to have the money from them.
you've been on a few dates for god's sake, not in a serious relationship of several years.
adding all this other stuff, i wouldn’t even consider it to be perfectly honest.
so don't do it, not because you'd be an asshole, but because it will backfire horribly.
i’m assuming you’d see her for family events and such.
- he was hoping you’d give in and pay up.
because she falsely accused him of rape.
, weed should really be avoided at that age.
, but what effect will cutting dad out have on your mother?
that would be uncomfortable for me.
i’ve been on both sides of this equation and it really sucks - but distancing yourself is a matter of self preservation and you’re worth it.
if you have kids, there is going to be pressure to let your abusive fil see them, and you shouldn’t - first of all, in order not to subject them to his vile spew, and second of all, not to give him the satisfaction of having hurt you on purpose without consequence.
i've been in a similar situation with several of my housemates, and i've found generally the best you can do is just avoid them and start thinking about moving out yourself if possible.
for me, the money i'm making now is well worth the year of extra work and no raise =)
the company going through lay-offs and reorganizations would be a red flag for me personally anyway, so you're better off getting out now, especially if you're unhappy in the position.
i understand that she's in a very bad place emotionally, but it wasn't fair of her to read into your actions and even more unfair that she accused you like that.
i do not blame you for not wanting to be friends with him.
on top of that, i feel like if you really wanted to go vegan you would have.
honestly you two might find some comfort in the subs r/justnomil and r/justnofamily.
if she continues to stay angry, or to direct her anger at you, i would strongly suggest marriage counseling.
you provided charge for a phone.
your father must be held responsible for his actions.
until i got to the bottom and saw he’s staying with a friend.
it’s always logical for everyone to want to play with a new toy when it comes in.
regardless of whether or not a groupon was used, you still paid for a service, that shop still got their money.
there will never be a good time.
you could ask rob to stand up with you and ask people to stop getting offended on his behalf.
it sucks, but that's the way they wanted it.
although she's still struggling to get back into university, she found someone who accepts and loves her.
it's exposed a fundamental flaw in the way your group handles harassment, and you guys need to have a discussion about what your code of conduct and formal disciplinary measures should look like so no one *has* to choose between getting to play or not dealing with unwanted touching.
i would have told her that she can take them and donate them to a resale shop if she had a problem with it.
you are looking to be moving on with your life and you mother is about to be an empty nester.
she gives me romance novels she already read (complete with page creases), a microwave she didn't like (i had zero use for it as i already had a good built in one) and one year tried to give me a dog she didn't want anymore.
you don't have to listen to her (?) bullshit.
in regards to her, no you’re not being an asshole.
your friend is half right about being "grown people".
you don't need to disclose that to anyone unless you're comfortable doing so.
you should be able to have a sit down discussion with her.
big bro needs to get his own fucking car since he's makes more money than you.
but you're not quite understanding what he's asking.
roses are red violets are blue spa day is a code word for cheating on you
this club is doing the exact opposite of that.
there was like 10 empty seats.
it is generally illegal to direct traffic, from my understanding.
he only tells you about all the shit that attilla did after you complained?
maybe, if it’s something you’d want to do, offer to go with her (and maybe other family members as well) another time?
(assuming that she doesnt have a medical condition that forces her to sit there)
it’s not your fault you’re allergic.
you absolutely did the right thing calling the ambos and cops.
, for someone truly hungry, it’s worlds away from starving.
his intentions were all right, just the execution was off!
it's one thing if he had merely pointed out there was a spill, the employees likely know but giving them a heads-up isn't rude.
hopefully you can encourage him to seek treatment so he can turn his life around.
i agree with your assessment of him as being a freeloader and basically trying to get you all to do his work for him.
have you tried talking to him about this?
it sounds like you're experiencing some increased irritability.
why the fuck should she expect someone you don't actually really know to be a priority over your fucking boyfriend to one of the major milestones in your life?
i would also look into your states laws on pto.
it's going to lead to some very confusing teenage years and her feelings about men are going to be so skewed that she'll need therapy.
he should be on a cut list already.
you're not cutting him out for just eating a steak.
if she can't distinguish between a dog and herself, how will she deal with a female coworker?
my “love language” for example, is acts of service.
do what you need to do today, then have a conversation after your test and when tensions have died down.
, just make it clear at the start of a conversation that you don't wish to continue a conversation in that specific language.
i don't think you're in a condition to take care of it.
but you do need to work through any issues you might have, like her insecurity.
my wife is 100% acts of service.
, but your dad kinda is.
it would've been better to just buy the replacement book and give it to him.
everyone expresses grief differently and you have your own way of processing your emotions.
- honestly, why are those co-workers not using sick days?
but do yourself a favor and never do a gig without contract, it could be that  since when things are not defined on paper, peoples interpretations can diverge naturally over the time of the gig
in short, this is all about his own insecurity, and i feel like it might be a good idea for you two to have a discussion about respecting boundaries.
if you say no and you can and just show up you might still look like an asshole.
keeping it at kisses and cuddles will help both of you maintain a bond during this trying time.
find a man who doesn't keep suspicious things secret.
it really was more of a pure judgement.
you can’t choose your family, and you shouldn’t be made out to be the villain or feel responsible for her shitty life choices.
ive lived with my parents as an adult, thankfully my dad understood my independence but after he passed away my mother had the idea of “my house my rules i do wtvr the fuck i want like it or not”.
while i find it inadvisable to live with an ex, even if it means finding a whole different apartment (maybe ?) no one wants to sleep in a bed that someone else had sex in just hours previously, especially if that person is your ex.
if he wants to be a paid driver then he needs to realize that passenger safety and comfortability are top priorities.
you responded to her original question politely.
i understand your bf social needs.
they'll probably decline, you won't have to give them anything (because, honestly, you owe them *nothing*) and everyone can just move on with their lives.
and if the man doesn't know - or understand - her cycle, she gets pregnant again.
- is it rude to ignore spam emails?
people often forget how hard it is on caregivers and it sounds like you are one.
i would but sit down and explain to them that if they aren’t able to right now, you do understand.
it's pretty obvious when a pregnant woman needs a seat, and if you can't notice it, she probably need the special treatment yet.
however, if she has to flip out everytime you do something, maybe she just needs to stay home and let your dad do the teaching.
but, like, it’s not polite to talk about *buying* the gifts/how much they cost/how you bought them.
it's flaky and i'm a "plan things weeks or months ahead and stick to it" kinda person.
, don’t get married so soon
maybe give her some time to uncoil, then go to her and apologise, tell her you understand why she got worked up, and you’ll try to be more mindful in the future.
you're working and need to focus on doing your job.
noise ordinance doesn’t mean everyone goes to sleep.
they got it wrong, go with them then afterwards tell them that you didn’t really have any interest at all but still enjoyed yourself.
at all, not even a little.
if your support teaching isn’t helping you need to speak up.
your dog was completely harmless, and he kicked her for jumping up and licking his daughter’s face (and then lied about it to the police, which i’m pretty sure is illegal).
what the hell was this new employee thinking by telling you that?!
don’t make yourself out to be something they’ll hate because they’ll try to use it against you.
sending you hugs from this internet stranger.
tell her it's all or nothing.
this seems like classic narcissistic behavior.
you don’t need to justify your decision by pointing out that things haven’t gone your way.
not your store, not your problem.
even if i just beat you up a little bit.
the lack of such consequences reinforces my social blindness.
maybe this isn’t clear to him yet, but it’s up to you if you’d wanna mention it to him ...
so they should feel ashamed for being the stereotypical vegans that push others to be vegan.
it's a really messy thing when you get in the middle of another relationship.
you should know though, if there's a specific job you're wanting to do in the military, the usmc does not guarantee the job you want.
you're a grown ass adult, i'd be bored too if i was stuck hanging with kids seven years younger than me and not being able to partake in anything actually fun.
i'd feel a bit violated and wouldn't let it happen as an adult, but because you are a teenager you probably don't have much choice as i am assuming it is your parents house.
i say this to make my bias obvious but the real question here is why can’t she cuddle with you instead?
look into local assistance that may be available if you feel it is necessary.
why is he letting this drama unfold under his roof?
if that wouldn’t be feasible, then maybe you guys shouldn’t be dating?
this is a crappy situation, but please don't isolate your friend by not inviting his abusive girlfriend.
i grew up with an alcoholic father and this is all too familiar of a situation.
you probably could have been more kind in the way you asked her to leave.
i actually feel that when one is in a relationship, they should cool down with talking to their exes and keep it to the bare minimum.
maybe park somewhere slightly different, just because people this irrational tend to get worked up over anything.
- it'd be like me (from england) introducing myself as european instead of british or english???
he wants gauges and you don’t find them attractive.
perhaps he would be receptive, given that this girl has told him she wants more than friendship.
it sounds like this sally girl is trouble.
you have your patients in mind and i think that’s all that matters, nothing malicious
but don’t waste the experience by going when your heart isn’t really into it.
according to this article 0.6% of the population in the us identify as trans.
the first night she was upset at me?
you clearly stated that you needed space to unwind after work before feeling ready to engage with other people again.
if you want to apologize, just tell her you want t to plan something for just you two!
the fact that she didn't agree, and wants to hang out with this guy again is a fucking glaringly huge red flag and its probably why so many people here assume shes cheating on you.
that being said, being aggressive in their conversations with you isn't okay either.
i’d leave bad reviews for them honestly due to their reaction.
this lady is giving horrible customer service.
cheating is a *massive* dick move and you're a more generous person than me for wanting to move past it at all.
i think it went something like...
it’s courtesy to ask or at least run these plans by you.
- he seems far too unstable to have the toddler right now.
stop paying for gifts for their kids immediately.
if i were you, i would cut them out of my life.
i would encourage you to check if you have hypersensitive hearing and if there's anything that can be done about it.
whether she likes it or not she is already in the middle of it, she was as soon as her mother expected her to look after the boy.
it’s just a living requirement for me.
i think it'd be worth for you to spend more time discussing it with her and seriously considering her side, but overall, your feelings are perfectly valid.
this whole concept kind of makes my skin crawl.
i have bose quietcomfort ii which are really comfy, and noise cancelling.
not a bad idea, but i think that completely ignores your question.
don't wait until spring, why's it only up to him on the when?
i believe sony sells them, i'd start there
i obviously don’t know either of you, but pain during sex can mean a lot of different things.
the first time i made that mistake they kept trying to call for a year after.
you might be better off hiding your frustration.
but no offense to you when i say this next thing.
always answered when i called, and didn't get upset in the beginning when i didn't call them for a month at a time, while i was figuring it all out.
i'm not giving him excuses, but if he has made an attempt to apologize as an adult, then i personally feel like you should accept it unless you feel it isn't genuine.
maybe something like "i understand you had assumed that we would keep with a 50-50 split because that's what we had done before but i was hoping you could help some more with chores on your slow week.
his phrase “that’ll take ages” really makes him look like the ass because he thinks he should get to the front faster than anyone else.
your friends are just dicks who expect you to be able to read minds.
it can't have been easy growing up with a brother like that.
once you told her “if he isn’t in pain, he doesn’t need panadol,” one of two things happened: 1.
to me, that double-standard sounds pretty toxic.
being touched randomly makes most ppl a little jumpy until they understand why, who, what is going on
, this is plain wasting peoples time and isn't acceptable.
i had a friend growing up who was mauled by a german shepherd.
her confidence is through the roof (she left an an awful relationship).
save your money, she’ll thank you in the future, if she ever sees that there are real expenses that aren’t pants.
it sounds like something was miscommunicated somewhere though
, if it was an emergency he would not have waited for you to be done with your plans for the night at the coffee shop and left on his own.
everything you described is really weird.
my in-laws are selfish, narcissistic, entitled, toxic people who treat their kids like servants.
i hope he decides to man up.
you make an argument and people that disagree will tell you, its a good system.
it’s her fault for booking an appointment for then.
if it's something in your lease, your landlord has an obligation to provide it.
: you braked and prevented an accident, especially since you were 13.
being so adamant about punishing you for saying it, like you're a (no pun intended) god damned child, changed my mind completely.
my husband and i both work full time but he gets groceries.
she sounds like she is hiding something.
i would refrain from any mention of the falling out or anything uncomfortable because their wedding is not the time or place.
i'm sorry about how he's treating you; your dad *is* an asshole.
they should just not eat the turkey.
there seems to be more to her situation.
things that have fallen to the ground.
so, she's just playing the victim.
as with many work related questions here, the answer is that you aren't the asshole for getting out of it but it may or may not be smart to do so, depending on your situation and workplace.
this should be so obvious that i almost said shp.
, they're both abusive & sometimes blood doesn't mean shit.
he’s not winning some amazing contest.
he’ll appreciate it when he grows up without someone like that in the house.
- this is a complex and difficult decision to make.
just make sure you treat others with dignity and respect in public spaces.
i can see where you are coming from and how it can be awkward...
my best friend currently still has up the ugliest pic of me that ever was, on her insta despite me telling her 30 times to delete it.
if he wants to go, he's an adult and can go without you.
i think it’s acceptable to ask her to keep christmas day (or one of the big holiday days) just for immediate family.
imo, i think many people would feel weirded out if strangers randomly took photos of their children
>i feel bad because in the back of my head there’s something telling me that i’m doing her wrong in a certain light she's right--she might enjoy being with someone who appreciates and has as much enthusiasm for phone calls as she does.
you should really have a talk with him and make him understand you don't like it and that he should stop.
but i think you might need to speak to your girlfriend about revaluation of your parental role.
could you involve her in choosing/buying the dress?
he is almost a stranger to you and he wasn't there or making an effort to get to know you when you were younger, which is when those familial bonds really form.
if it were me i would not be putting in effort with the person, beyond the basics of living in a shared space.
- what kind of person plays music in class without headphones in?
if you don’t want to be there, don’t go.
now, if the other mom here was a decent human being she would have to do something about the puke, and the way good parent relations go, this then usually gets declined with a 'no, it's ok,' unless its something you really can't absorb with your own family.
your friends had ample opportunity to do the work, even if they got a 0 it would be the mark they deserve.
you are never the asshole just because you don't want to have sexual relations.
no question that you're not the asshole.
although emotionally it might feel like the wrong thing to do i think you need to explain to her that you can't see her any more and you won't be replying to her messages.
also, if she somehow agrees to paying you, make sure you have a way to prove those payments happened.
you wanted to talk with your buddy outside where you could actually hear one another.....that's ok.
don't you need that money to take care of her?
definitely  but i do think you need to work on boundaries.
make it a habit; better safe than sorry.
have you considered asking for a raise?
about the pillows, i know my boyfriend often misses what i think are clear invitations for sex, and that could be what she was trying to do but it would still be an interruption to a time she agreed to leave you alone.
their background must be kind of crappy though if they are trick or treating with no parents at 7 and him trying to fight you in your front yard.
are you sure you want to take that away?
what you're feeling is a natural reaction to someone repeatedly hurting a person you care about.
you were a stand up guy, you can’t take out your feelings on other people for no reason.
i’ve don’t this before and it’s never even been a thought in my head that it’s assholish.
this will mark him a sexual predator and likely do some jail time if he's caught.
i wasted four years of my life on a girl who refused to interact with my friends or family because i refused to believe she was a petty, manipulative bitch.
let him know that you're unhappy with the way he's treating you both - but please don't issue any ultimatums or do anything to force his hand.
that said, when you live under your parent's roof, sometimes you just have to go along with what they want, and work hard to get your own place.
that being said, physical attractiveness is very subjective.
i would only see her on family holidays and only if my husband is present.
they want the answer they're actually looking for, they have to ask the question.
“you’re my #2 guy” followed by “i wouldn’t have hired you if i knew”.
he doesn't seem very grateful or appreciate your friendship.
, from an outside, objective opinion.
- it sounds like he’s being pretty passive aggressive.
this is like when someone hits you in the back and then ducks so the other guy behind you gets the blame, and that someone doing the hitting is management.
all that said, even if that's the case, coming home to a desheleved house when you're the only one working would piss any person off.
i have attended several different churches (presbyterian, mormon, non-denominational, in-home bible study/worship to name a few) and left after discovering stark moral differences or blatant hypocrisy.
be clear about what you need to process and what she needs to process a fight and then make a plan to talk after a certain amount of time.
that means no more listening to her stories or problems.
also i noticed you said “dated”
when he was on his deathbed, he was asking for me.
now you know and can approach your next relationship with some lessons learned under your belt.
, but i wouldn't give her that kind of real estate in your head or on your social media.
you don't seem to love him, he seems to love the idea of you, and frankly you both need to grow up more before getting married.
they can’t force you to stay longer than you want.
you’re paying for the account and you said you are not on good terms anymore.
just because he has a disability, does not mean he gets a free pass.
he doesn't have to date fat girls if he doesn't want, but he was absolutely rude.
more often than not the answer will be highly personal (substance abuse issues, mental health reasons, pregnancy, health problems, etc) and it’s likely to lead to awkward situations like this.
and not only that but she can tell no = bad..
but you should have a conversation with her about boundaries, and what you're comfortable with.
babies can cry for long periods of time for plenty of different reasons.
i am not sure what to say.
(please don’t say that to people.
it would be nice for her if you realize that although you can't help it you're driving her batshit and so you give her a little grace.
advertise the cute dogs and puppies but not the “less desirable” ones.
employers fuck over employees all the time in the name of "business." you don't owe them shit.
your boss cut costs by eliminating your bonus - don’t you think that group never makes 230?
lord knows most the mothers i know would've just taken the kid home.
because $600 compared to $515 for a room almost twice as large doesn't seem fair at all.
if there's anything worth taking seriously, it's safety.
people leave full drinks all the time when they are done.
this is really simple: your daughter is of school age and you're working two jobs.
it's going to be a talk sooner rather than later and she shouldn't come into that conversation thinking it's something only boys and girls do.
she’s old and has bad joints, so i don’t like having to wake up when she cries at 4am to be let out and then be anxious about her falling down the stairs or getting hurt in some other way when i can’t keep an eye on her because i have to sleep.
you need to understand, "she is not welcome" is a friendship-ender.
imagine if you refused to do any cleaning because you were afraid you were going to trip while doing it and crack your head up.
- i’d be so upset if i’d organised a wonderful date and the other person ruined it by being tired/hungover, wanting to change plans.
(not just a random bug or whatever, ok.) she needs to clean up after herself.
i mean you did everything right based on the context you gave.
ywbta if your string them along acting like you’re interested in a relationship when you aren’t.
, you made an honest mistake, but you did end up costing him a lot of money, so this one might not be worth fighting over.
then you can show those screenshots to whoever you like.
good lord, girl, stop being so goddamned accommodating and stick up for yourself.
you brought up a valid point.
there are ways to show familial love and support for you sil other than being part of the crowd outside the door.
and don't consider not having kids "denying" your parents having grandchildren, you do not have obligation to have kids.
check with a local lawyer to see if that's an option.
he could have said the place was not ready yet.
also your boyfriend sounds like the kind of person who will continually do shitty things to test your loyalty/love/honesty.
also racist comment notwithstanding, she also backhand insulted her own friend as well??
i am not sure if you have to give written notices, sometimes it seems to depend on the place, but even at that point still not the asshole.
i’m probably going to sound like an asshole by saying this (fyi - i don’t care) but i would strongly encourage your brother to tell your mom/sd and if he won’t, up the volume to ultimatum level.
i'm sorry for your loss and wish the best to you.
hmm 🤔  / kinda  x surely provides you something in this relationship or you wouldn’t have been friends with him this long, no?
i'd be fine if he were just picking through them, but then he leaves them on the ground?
when you seem like you've been nothing but a good friend?
- people in college just left your wet stuff on the folding table.
- you can’t know the social fallout of playing these roles or how long it’ll last.
i do suggest seeing a counselor or therapist about what happened when you were a kid.
if you're lucky this will be a bit of a kick up the bum for her, but it could also do the opposite, so if i were you, i'd reach out to her to make sure what you said doesn't have a negative impact.
i think the only time i could consider you to be the asshole is if you're behind on things like rent or medical bills or there's some huge emergency and touching it is the only option.
plans change, that's just how it is and they're the asshole for getting so bent up over it
it’ll take work to get it back
do what you can to stop her from smoking.
i think you had valid reasons to break up.
there’s a lot of things not being communicated; and you having your needs go unmet is clearly leading to a lot of resentment.
tl;dr—depends on what she’s wanting from you friendship-wise and how close you were before asking her out.
you don't owe her anything because she had an abortion last year - that was a decision that you two made together, this is a decision she is trying to make solely whether you like it or not.
i just recently moved back to the uk and i do love that stations here normally have an exit and an entrance, so there is no issue with people coming in the other direction causing fights over the pump.
send a small flower or pottery arrangement if it'd make you feel better, and/or maybe a real card instead of texts, but this is just part of adulting.
but it is a two way street.
you need to get out of that situation.
this could be the case with your grandma.
you are your own person now.
sadly when i see people like that my first reaction is “ok, what do you want and when is the other shoe gonna drop?”
you don't need to drop everything your doing to drop them off.
then, after some stress relief or time, she might be more willing to talk and listen to reason.
he was dying of an overdose.
her weight example is completely unrelated to this situation.
for withdrawing from someone who doesn't add value to your life.
i don't think it makes a difference that its a girl, but i guess i'll go with  because play stupid games, win stupid prizes
your call on wanting to hear about them.
plus, he might have simply lost interest, as people often do with their hobbies.
if it's the latter than fine.
it's going to make your marriage very difficult.
the guy was an ass, and if he was in danger he should have called 112 or whatever your local emergency number is rather than sending messages talking shit to you.
they will pressure you to attend, talk badly about you, etc.
unless you assaulted someone at your gf's apartment, this nonsense needs to stop.
in the end she could just want to spend more time with you, or miss a time when you paid more special attention to her.
though i do have to say that this line is *absolute* bullshit: >she told me that i should have tried harder to convince her to come with me.
find somebody who enjoys you as much as you enjoy them.
you don’t want a bad credit record for loans that are not even yours.
i see cops break the law all of the time, and just keep going- not worth the hassle or repercussions, because their supervisors most likely won't do anything anyway.
you’re not responsible for his reactions to a harmless thing.
you shouldn't have to pay anything because it's it's your mom's fault
make it one long message, so she doesn’t have a chance to interrupt.
firstly, you don't know who in the group may have been personally affected.
if she doesn't understand it's inappropriate to invite guests to a party you weren't originally invited to, then she's got some growing up to do.
and i think you know that
you find out, she lies, afraid of losing more standing.
i think it's right to point out where the source of the infestation could be coming from.
i know your relationship is open, but i strongly suggest having a blunt talk with her about just how open it is.
save the output and make it into a chili that you eat so that they are always with you.
, you can't control you psychological processes, but you have some issues relating to your ex that need to be sorted out and i recommend seeing a therapist.
stick to your guns on this one..
as much as i think your mum is very kind for offering invites to less fortunate people, your right-it shouldn’t be at the expense of her own family’s feelings and comfort.
fuck those people and fuck that manager.
you don't check your partner's email when you trust them.
thats how you end up feeling trapped in a relationship.
i'm also going to suggest that you do the laundry moving forward, to avoid this whole clothes-folding fiasco
while i'm a firm believer that echo chambers are bad and you should try to learn from the views of others she was being a total asshole by mocking people, being dismissive of your feelings on the matter, etc.
she isn't an asshole for being disappointed especially since you don't go out often as is.
your friend is being a serious dick, trying to rub it in your face, that he’s dating the girl and you’re no longer with her.
i noticed you replied to a comment and said that she's 9 and you're 19, so it's only natural for you guys to have different interests and find different things enjoyable.
honestly, if i were you i'd find somewhere else to study while he is in there or bring your own headphones so you cant hear him
my father didn't come to my high school graduation nor my college one.
much love from a stranger on the internet.
in the meta sense, we can all agree that there really isn't a such thing as "girly"; it's an antiquated social construct.
but every filmmaker also needs to know that they don't know everything--especially a high schooler.
if your wife persists after you've told her how much it frustrates you.
go have fun yourself but you are definitely not the asshole in this situation.
you didn't have to say anything but you can if you want and you shared your opinion and he shared his.
she didn't confirm with you at any point before getting them?
my brother does the same thing with his husband.
unless your friends went and bought him something fresh, they can hush.
&#x200b; i'm gonna mention something which might not make sense.
, but her emotions must be raw right now and i'm sure she is hurt and angry and my guess is this was a knee jerk reaction.
but because i had an amazing support system, and i knew i could turn to people if i ever felt uncomfortable anywhere, i always chose being safe over putting myself in dangerous situations.
my best friend is what you would characterize as obese and has been since we were 16.
but your gf is acting like a petulant child.
he should want to throw you the party for your happiness, not for his own recognition.
, approach her first and tell her you feel like he needs to know.
they are not "friends." they are former lovers.
your privacy > cousin wanting a shortcut.
it’s too damn cold (and dangerous) to be out there.
hell, i'm kinda one of those people.
i would pay for the robokiller app that annoys and wastes time with the scammers for you but i haven't reached that point yet.
- i feel since you showed kindness and started to help out with his animals hes started to take advantage of you.
got some bullshit response about how their research had shown them that their supporters *wanted* to get 'information' like that, but at least they stopped sending it *my* way.
you were genuinely scared/worried for her health and safety.
she needs to grow the fuck up.
and then you really do look like ahs that just stop playing with him for no reason whatsoever.
older dogs get a condition that makes their eyes look milky or cloudy, but it doesn't actually affect their eyesight really -- or at least not nearly as much as cataracts do.
you might have made mistakes in the past, but that doesn't mean you have to accept other people's wrongdoings because of them.
i get it, it is hard to go back to school when you're older.
keep standing your ground, help your sister to follow suit.
by any stretch of the imagination.
you're  for being sleep-deprived and you're  for asking for what you need in the relationship.
my car, parked in my designated spot, in front of my townhome, sustained $2,000 in damage in response to somebody who backed into it late at night.
sounds like your bio dad is pretty good at popping in and out as he pleases, that happens a lot with people who have bad intentions.
this whole relationship sounds to be not the healthiest.
you'd be shocked at the treasures you can find (top brands in new or near new condition often).
if not during the movie, then afterward.
i show love by making my husband his favorite cheesecake, or ironing his shirt before work, or going out of my way to do something kind for him.
you're seeing some justice finally too.
you're no friend at all if you refuse to say anything out of fear of "putting a dent in your friendship" because that means you care more about what you get out of it than helping them.
i can’t stand people like that.
if he doesn't want to be made fun of, he'll learn eventually.
you shouldn’t be shamed with the “but i paid money for this!” thing because you don’t want to be exposed in front of other people.
you say that the vision you have of a future partner is one who works full time as do you.
when shit hits the fan - and it will - play dumb.
a valid point does not (should not) equal right to choice of delivery.
on another note you shouldn’t be angry or hate her for being a slob or not being able to handle her responsibilities.
it sounds like you've been polite and accommodating to them when trying to set up boundaries along with arranging alternative meeting places on short notice.
you're totally in the right to ask your brother to stop.
what the hell is wrong with him that he just randomly pleasures himself in common areas without checking if you're down with it?
once my mom starts cussing at me, i hang up immediately.
in fact, even to this day, they are not happy with the idea of dating.
but i suggest reframing it to be about what you need from him, rather than about gaming.
you're not being unreasonable, and even if you were, it's *your* wedding.
best case scenario her friends don't like you, and have expressed so to her.
they don't even realize they're being mean.
this didn't happen because you fell asleep one night while fooling around.
relationships should t be filed by threats and anxiety.
the only lesson i would learn from this is no longer helping my parents for things like this and not offering to pay for things i normally would.
you're taking all of this real straight up and rationally, good on you.
both of them are fuckheads so my personal advice would be to find some new friends, which sometimes isn’t as easy as it sounds.
, stating something so ridiculously insensitive during a time where you were rather vulnerable is rather troubling for a life-long partner to say.
i still think about it every day and it has been ten years.
he honestly just sounds like a baby for getting mad at something like that.
this sounds like a legal issue waiting to happen.
again, she ruined her own relationship.
if they can get you to do the work of three people for the price of one, that saves on paying two other people.
allowing new people into your life who may be inclined to be pushy and nosy and overly involved even if they are nice is a lot to ask of anyone, and if you're not up for that, i couldn't blame you.
- if something broke in the amount of time it took me to pick it up and get through checkout i would consider it faulty and go get a different one.
i would recommend cbt to anyone.
some people just give better advice than others, and knowing who’s advice is more reliable will be very helpful and hopefully avoid situations caused by taking the wrong advice.
very shallow of you but i'm going to say  here because everyone has different tastes and dating apps aren't exactly a super formal way of meeting people so i'd say you're good.
his drinking is affecting you and your child.
you managed to make it back by the time that he had said would be the time he'd pick you up.
either that or she doesn't want to be tethered down completely relationship wise.
, and i'm very sorry you're feeling like this.
she manipulated you into staying with your mother wednesday night and had no intentions of telling you where she was that night.
side note - i hope you get some acceptance for yourself and feel comfortable with who you are soon.
, parents are probably sending him in to make sure things dont get too steamy.
for your own sake, cut them out of your life.
it’s not a betrayal of trust
i should probably clean them up “.
you checked with several times they gave you verbal confirmations and all of a sudden they have issues.
what type of counselling have you been doing?
he was obviously jealous that the members would rather follow you than him (even tho he had little to do with the server).
it seems like you've got things figured out for yourself.
op, if you're looking for quick, online resources, fosterparentcollege.com has both a trauma- informed parenting and a rad training.
your mum is worried about you, it's what they do.
that’s not a friend, that’s a burden you’ve had to carry for 13 years.
it's okay to say "i'm irrationally jealous about this, i don't want to be, i know it's only a dream, but it's been going in for a while, i should have asked you sooner" maybe it's an ex he's dreaming about, or someone from a show or book.
how is a cat shitting considered cute?
: husband uses wayyyy more toilet paper than kids and me combined.
, if she still likes hanging out with a guy who assaulted you, then she's made her choice and isn't showing that she cares about her friendship with you.
then in the screencap she thinks she can shame you into thinking you did something wrong.
k should've told your managers directly that he was interested in the role, and even if he had, it's not a betrayal of him for you to accept a promotion.
she wanted to keep you as a fall back incase shit didn’t work out between her and the other girl
while your friend hasn't given you a definitive answer, i'd take this as a "no" and move on, at least romantically, if not from this friendship altogether.
but i'd talk to her and, at least, find out why she feels that way, and reassure her that you aren't trying to get in between.
that's part of being a good roommate/so and responsible adult.
this is coming from someone who is a huge dog lover, and not fond of children.
if they aren't working with you on a place for you to stay for the next visit i have to wonder if they are interested in continuing the friendship though.
could have said hey you woke my sister up this morning.
even if they were both shit-heaps that’s bound to do more damage than good!
my husband used to play video games while i would knit.
(it would be *way* worse not to ask for help).
you've been hanging out all week.
anybody gets to act pissy, it's you.
it sounds like you guys hang out very often/every weekend or something.
it’s your decision where to sit.
might be helpful to avoid the label though, he’s incorrect anyway, binge drinkers don’t drink everyday.
congratulations on your engagement and i hope nothing but happiness for you and your future!
i would so hate for my kids to pick up on this behavior being a possibility.
that said, you may want to be cautious.
the inside of the apartments are pet free.
perhaps your school (if you have one?) has a counselor/resources you could use.
breaking up with her was the right thing.
now you need to deal with them.
you're correct that they do not have the right to the information, and under us law, they can't discriminate in hiring or treatment of you for being pregnant.
to survive, you need to collaborate and network, and no one wants to work with the guy who looks down at everyone around him.
that said, if she needs help with depression, she's probably in no place to do so - but even then, it won't cure itself.
ignore them, continue living for yourself.
kind of a good will/karma type of thing.
go to the store and get her favorite goodies.
keep in mind that in american households it’s common for kids to move out right at 18.
hang in there and keep checking on resources!
i would suggest to her that if she feels so uncomfortable in the apartment than she should begin looking for a sublet for her portion of rent.
this is just such a minor thing to get upset over!
lol  obviously you shouldn't cover someone's shift if you're high.
you don't need to care about dogs if you don't.
it's not like your somewhere isolated.
then the teacher feels appreciated and doesn’t have to deal with some random clutter.
i struggle with punctuality different times too.
, she needed to hear that wow maybe you guys are adults and have lives to live.
these people seem exhausting to deal with.
he should be thankful you haven't thrown his stuff out already.
especially since he moved cross country to be with a girl he'd never met (red flag!).
you're doing them a favour by letting them stay in your home, and they are showing you nothing but blatant disrespect.
don’t relent to her, that only solidifies in her mind that this behavior is acceptable in getting what she wants.
if she says she's not comfortable with it, she's effectively asking you to choose between the two of them.
i'd suggest trying to be positive when you want to bitch.
just make sure you talk to him about this before you enforce anything.
have your own party, without hookers and beer.
he’ll get in a mood, and you can just tell that any little thing will set him off.
slowly, she may stop cribbing about her woes.
as long as you go hard and don’t hide when the work is tough you are morally sound
why would you be an asshole if he said yes?
if i gave money to every story like that i heard, i'd be broke living in a trash can.
they’re way too young to be playing video games for hours anyway.
that being said, have you told them why you don't want to come home for thanksgiving?
i mean seriously, banging pots and pans?
one one side, speaking your native language with your family just happens naturally.
let me guess, she’s probably a narcissist who has to hijack a situation when it’s not all about her?
i don't fault you at all for wanting to participate in this event and you're right, it makes no sense for her to make that drive just to feel neglected.
waiting for adulthood is appropriate for obvious physical growth and health reasons, and no you are  in the slightest.
if i did it again i'd have broken up with her before because she had a really hard time while i was away.
did they refill your drink for you?
this is something that needs to be nipped in the bud.
her actions, though she may not have been in control, still fucked you up.
secondly, people you're catching up with that you haven't seen in a long time is probably not the group that you want to have those sorts of discussions with.
she doesn't sound like much of a friend at all, more like someone who is using you for whatever she can get.
she was pissed you (very reasonably) set your phone down to engage with your other guests.
as soon as you had different info you changed, all good.
she’s paid for it and reimbursed (just as i am) the coffee is just extra.
i don't think you're in the wrong for wanting to cut ties.
she owns her size and if anyone even looks at her sideways, she is the first to laugh in their face jiggling her fat.
sometimes shitty people need their shitty actions called out.
i would just avoid them during lunch if possible.
you're more kind than i would have been.
they end up just being another clique.
friends don't make fun of friends for having boundaries.
now i ain't sayin' she a gold digger...but
so either you're the most charismatic person any of them has ever met or alex has a shit personality in comparison.
you're not being stubborn, this is your special day, not hers.
you need to sit her down and lay it straight.
your boyfriend is and needs to grow up.
if you let your mom, she'll stick to you til the day you die.
it's totally up to you how you want to handle it with your brother but i would personally suggest not interfering in ways that could complicate his relationship and get you involved in it.
your bf is a nasty ass.
i can understand your wife being lonely but she shouldn't act so selfish.
however bad it sounds, its true.
sometimes shit happens and other times friendships just aren't meant to be.
, i’m disagreeing with some other people here but she asked you what you thought.
unfortunately, it's currently your right to smoke.
and if she say «you don’t have to do this if you don’t want to etc.» then answer: okay and turn of notifications from her.
, but i think you know that.
you should reconsider calling the school and telling them not to allow your kids anywhere near her.
, i had a similar issue before with my dog.
do what you want, but i’d suggest rethinking an opposition to condoms as they save a lot of unwanted pregnancies.
- you didn't do it intentionally, the job you have now is better in the long run (that is more important).
it most likely won't stop unless you say something.
"i have suggested to her as i work in a hotel they could stay there and she can stay with them at the hotel when they visit so i have my peace and can relax." i think it's pretty safe to say you're .
i think you should go to r/relationship_advice this sub isn’t great for gettin nuanced answers and advice and i don’t think just hearing people say you’re  will really benefit you much
he’s telling you to “get used to” him degrading you in bed because, even though it’s made you cry, it gets him off.
my so and i have been together for a mere few months, and he not only has pics of his ex-gf, but i have pics of my ex husband.
you're not responsible for his children and you have to prioritise your studies.
, it's your property and who knows what sort of viruses he could have accidentally downloaded onto it.
it does really seem like she is putting her feeling's over your son's in my opinion.
there’s a few things i suggest you do (since you say she isn’t so bothered to address it one way or the other) 1) don’t be negative about her skin in any way 2) never bring it up, even nicely, if her day sucks 3) buy her stuff that will help.
you need to move on and find a new interest when your ready.
, as a smash player, losing repeatedly or being outmatched is probably the least fun you can have in any game whatsoever.
i can’t tell you how many times my wife created an expectation in her head when we first started dating.
he just neglected to tell you.
if someone is already sitting in that seat when the train gets to my station, i think terrible thoughts about that person and go find another seat.
it doesn't make any fucking sense.
therapy for you might help, hobbies and having more you time might help, attending some joint therapy might help to agree an approach that works for you both.
she's just tired and it'll pass in a few days, just be nice to her and make it up
you told your uncle, not her father.
be polite sure- but they don't need to know specifics of your stay.
in my opinion, i can't stand when people don't respect their hosts like that, especially close family.
i don't care how that spelling is traditionally pronounced, my name is not sah-ra.
but then move away and stay in contact via email or something easy to switch off from
i think what they did was very assholish.
as an aside, in many jurisdictions if you are scheduled to work -- *as you were because your boss didn't inform you beforehand not to come it* -- that an employer is required to give you a minimum of x hours of pay if they send you home?
(but why would you want to ask her for her feelings anyway?
she's your ex and has zero say on what you do or who you see.
bruh press charges for a 5 year old fight?
put the ex in her place.
its not like you really did anything or crrossed a line.
they had at least two weeks notice.
your cousin has to remember that this isn’t about her and taking offence is petty and selfish.
i think your friends sincerely want you around and that’s nice.
hope you're well." something short and appreciative but not overly flowery.
, and as someone who's mostly a driver, idgaf if pedestrians wave to me.
i understand how controlling parents can be but at the end of the day, this your life.
go to the grocery store and get the components and put them together yourself for literally a third of that price
if this dude is actually so important, his manager should get off his ass to make reservations instead of waltzing in.
i'd ask them to cover the cost for flea treatment
i’m glad you’re healed up and feeling better, go do life without those pricks.
if anything, more kudos to you for wanting to further your education while being a single parent.
sometimes relationships end, and they don't start up again.
you're under no obligation to entertain her self-martyrdom.
also you left a bunch of stuff she probably uses and would have to replace.
eta: it's not a hidden folder in his computer.
if the relationship is pretty serious, could your girlfriend relocate now for the job and you join her later on?
perhaps corporate will be aware of some major hurdles that explain the manager's negligence in tending to the mistreated customers but more than likely they will be surprised to be advised.
it doesn’t matter what any of his friends think about it.
might wanna consider talking to the police, as just getting him fired will probably make things worse.
a little something called etiquette states that if the dryer is empty when you use it, then that's how you freakin leave it after you use it.
you made your wishes clear and your friend knowingly agreed, then proceeded to violate your trust.
, i'd be pissed too because that's not how you treat any furniture especially stuff that isn't yours.
but jane is the asshole and so is anne!
you’re giving that pup the life that he needs, and that’s the best thing you can do for him.
it pretty heavily points toward some form of cheating.
it's emotional for both you and your dad right now, because perhaps he feels the same connection to your mother through your grandmother as you do.
it will be awkward at first, but you can be friends again after if you are both motivated to be.
life tip: don't be a doormat.
if he does he needs to display sort of behavior indicating that he does.
>i had, more or less, come to the conclusion that jim didn't like me very much, i talked to ann about this and she kinda confirmed this.
you may want to ask why she couldn’t hang out just for peace of mind.
anger for relying on parents can be justified, but really if you just separate yourself from her there no reason to be angry cause she is unable to manage her own life.
that's an absurd amount of money to spend on a small dinner party.
it is of course a very sensitive issue, but you seemed to approach this situation with respect and empathy.
shes not respecting your privacy, you told her that you're not cheating on her but she doesn't believe you.
it may take time for them to be ok with that though.
i suggest separate bedrooms for now.
but this sounds ridiculous for multiple reasons.
i wouldn’t sit with him either.
um...is your husband perchance in the military?
earbuds for him so he can watch all the videos he wants without messing with your sleep.
just get ready for the next day and don’t be late again.
for asking to have it taken down, but slightly asshole for the insane overreaction.
you're within your rights to complain to the school, especially as a working mom who has already reorganised her schedule to accommodate for the bus.
: my mom pulled a lot of the same shit when i was your age.
i usually tip $2 for a take out order.
you've done all you can reasonably do.
his reaction is understandable but he shouldn’t really cut you out if his life.
ish....i bet a lot of people....there might not be a 'right way' to bring it up.
it's definitely a huge red flag.
christmas is not the only time of year you can see your grandma.
as you said, she has every right to choose how she will dress.
however, i was young once and i had issues.
but i think what happened is s had a crush on you before c came to the office, you never took hints or showed interest, and she got jealous hearing that you were intimate with someone you met.
i can't find anything you did wrong, and i really tried to find something.
, i would perhaps do your thing by yourselves, and then possibly a small ceremony again near them.
legally, not yours, morally, it's up to you.
you may have saved her life (temporarily)
, that is so so so irresponsible on his part.
please don't take that the wrong way but i'm guessing your mom would call bs on something like that.
i can't tell if this is a troll post or not because it is so bizarre.
nobody is the asshole as of now
i hate giving advice in this sub, but you should really, really, really consider what kind of partner would hit a living thing that you love.
any excuse these old people had flew out the window when they started pinching you.
secondly, if what you’re describing is indeed the way it went down, she got pretty defensive when you brought up the blackouts.
, though you should definitely pay her back for the container you broke.
but, having said that, i can't throw my weight 100% behind this argument because i don't know what you said.
if you don’t mind me asking, how old is your girlfriend?
i love dogs and have two myself.
if they contact you after that, refer them to your lawyer's office.
i think you're over analyzing this.
you both want and need different things in a partner.
whenever someone tells me that i always go “ so what’d you think the best possible outcome from you telling me that is?” and then they just kinda don’t know what to say and fuck off.
, if you already have approved time off and your coworker (sister) has told the boss she'd work that day, your job here is done.
you don't need to respond to their unsolicited advice.
are you the asshole for being pissed off at her comments and her failure to acknowledge how her words are impacting those around her?
— hopefully he will improve his administrative skills— or put a ta in charge of these sorts of things— so students arent put under unnecessary stress.
how much do the parents owe?
fit your oxygen mask before helping others.
even if you win, you still have the option to change your mind
i love this industry and the people i have worked with as well as their families, but you get bad ones who just want the $$.
even if you wanna say 'you can't blame him because he's autistic' that shifts the blame to the parents.
don't be rude to her about it but don't feed into it either.
i'd say you are  the teacher ita your non existent band mate ita but even so, the commitment is a band isn't for everyone, that shouldve been addressed from jump.
but who ever keeps giving out your number is.
it's okay to have negative feelings towards others!
it’s your choice to forgive her, you’re never required to.
and your mental health is incredibly important, especially if you're raising a child.
sorry man, but she doesn't give a crap about you.
and if he won't stop after you've asked him to, you should get out
don't host if you can't afford it, that's just fiscally irresponsible.
and she was drunk af and she said it was cool so idk why you are confused.
dude you aren't their retirement plan.
most good teachers will have you try to answer your own question and then work with you until you discover it.
- most holidays people spend them with their family, occasionally and this year actually, i'll be spending christmas only with my wife and i can't tell you how psyched we are that we managed to get the holiday to ourselves.
- if i read this right, you are refusing to have his gf watch your daughter, but you pick her up , watch her, and then drop her off after?
i'm a huge advocate for proper, legal, and safe firearms ownership and use.
he caused you a lot of pain for a time.
he might be annoyed about something else and is unfortunately taking it out on you (weakest voice in the house?).
i would be an asshole in this situation by saying "that's not my cat, my cat is called x" but, i wouldn't advise that if you want to keep friendly with your neighbours
you should tell him that it's not very gentlemanly to ignore you when you ask him not to do these things.
no matter what though, i would talk to your ra or someone who can do something because your first semester sounded pretty unliveable.
your niece's dad can set rules about his daughter's online presence, you can set rules for your son's.
that's worth a lot more than an amazon card or some bs scented candle.
remember however that in a relationship, or in any group situation really, we tend to focus on and be aware of what we do as opposed to what other people do.
it’s your special day, why should you have to invite someone you aren’t comfortable with?
- your mistake was not dialing 911 as soon as a rape in progress was mentioned.
if you scheduled specifically for 9:15, then you're .
why isn't your mom helping out if she thinks they'll be in such a bad position?
, but sometimes people aren't meant for each other.
- the man has many memories in his truck let him keep it even if only for emotional reasons especially if hes laying for everything
if this person is coming in with permission of x, then x needs to be responsible for their behaviour.
if she doesn’t then i would tell him myself.
always defending her territory and got on well with neighboring cats but preferred human contact.
you keep on living your best life without putting on a fake face and people will see you for who you really are.
the amount of nasty teenage assholery that you and/or your sister will face if you play a romantic couple is likely significant; being okay with the casting is not the same as being okay with that type of social stress.
lack of ambition is a huge turn off.
: it's clear this behaviour is what's driving a wedge between you and him.
he played a stupid game and he's shocked that he won a stupid prize.
i would like to think any rational person would clarify the story before calling security.
i would be surprised if the police would do anything but laugh, they don't enforce the landlords rules.
you didn't do anything malicious intentionally.
sometimes when breaking up you have to give an inarguable reason and - especially since you say you dodged a bullet with his later behavior - there's nothing wrong with believing one thing about your sexuality and later finding it to be different.
you didn't get her fired; she got herself fired.
you seem like a decent person and you deserve to find someone who values that, she obviously does not.
one of the reasons why those two things should never cross path with family and friends is because feelings will get hurt and relationships will get damaged.
your mom is likely clouded by her grief for her father.
i’m sorry she’s such a negative source in your life.
i have family members who openly said that they would tear the family apart and drag everyone down with them if they didn’t get my grandmother’s beach house after she died.
you told the mother what she was doing with her child was dangerous and *literally had your point proven* seconds later.
you did the right thing by double checking.
she was being a complete ass.
- you spoke about it with them and even offered to pay more and they agreed.
there are social guides for that.
the only true assholes are the teachers for failing your friend and the bully's parents for failing the bully.
you do not have to put up with a racist under any circumstances.
enjoy having your kitty back and don’t feel bad.
there’s space for compromise and doing him a solid occasionally, but you offered and he said it was fine.
but i have a weird feeling about you, especially your being adamant about the ways things are done in your relationship, sounds controlling...
you did it in a non confrontational way
it gives me a nasty feeling.
otherwise i guess you just have to be stubborn, or try both and see what works
but instead she tried to use her loss to dismiss your pain and worry.
&#x200b; your girlfriend should have never lied about you.
a friend who is unwilling to agree to disagree seems exhausting.
and one bathroom is not enough for 20 employees to share.
"oh, well let's go inside and get the insulin, come on!" >"no, i need to buy it at my pharmacy at the corner of bullshit and chump street." "i live right next to that pharmacy!
do they not think that thousands if not more people get married every day?
i really hope you communicate that to your so and that she listens, because your feelings are very important too.
so if that's how you feel then i don't really see any reason why we should spend so much time together." i bet something like this would resolve that behavior because she doesn't want you to really leave.
and that includes this girl who is your roommate.
i've been on both sides, giving an ultimatum and being given an ultimatum, and unless the person actually wants to stop drinking for themselves, they aren't going to.
&#x200b; edit to add: if he's going to act this way now about a dog, how is he going to act if you guys end up having a child?
i bet she would have something to say yano.
they cant afford daycare for the kids but they decide to pop out some more because it's not their problem right?
you’re buddy “greg” is an absolute asshole and you should’ve snitched on him sooner.
there's only so much you can allow before people must take responsibility for their actions.
but also give your wife a break too because a teething infant is as annoying as hell.
look into some vegan meats to take with you?
you made your boundaries clear and he hasn't done nearly enough about it.
she either isn't in the right group, or she needs to lighten up.
just mind your business, wait and see how things work out.
in fact, i think allowing her in your home may enable her behavior.
it's basically enshrined in the constitution.
- your partner wants to please you but you’re still working out body dysmorphia.
and i just set up 50 blank faxes to go to each of those numbers, the machine will attempt each fax 5 times and at about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes per attempt, that should keep their phone lines tied up for the next 12-16 hours.
i no longer had any friends and it was that much harder to leave him and took many more months than it otherwise could have.
cut your losses and find someone who wants to be friends, not just when convenient.
, you’re allowed to be uncomfortable with situations, you absolutely should make those situations that make you uncomfortable known to your partner, and if it truly makes you uncomfortable, you’re allowed to have that as a deal breaker for you.
- if you’re in food service, they should appreciate that you decided to shield others from your germs.
first of all  second of all, you can't inherit debt third of all, you really needed to get that off your chest fourth of all, consider a support sub on reddit.
she still wants a gift wtf also why did she not invite you
maybe you can figure out a time where it is a group situation once if you’d like.
she is going to say you should cancel but you're going to get brownie points for being honest.
having your partner ask you if you'll consider changing something in which you had to seriously work for years to find confidence is a tough pill to swallow.
-- you've brought up fair points
you had found 2 good friends that made you happy in a difficult time and she made you ruin that.
source: me, a recent tisch film grad and former tisch film tour guide whose boss is an admissions rep for film, and someone who experienced this exact same situation you're in 4 years ago.
whether she was *actually* uncomfortable or not, or whether you were overthinking things, no one can tell - but you have acted absolutely correctly, and are not to blame for anything.
you're allowed to play a game.
, it sounds like she is not okay with any sort of public displays of affection with the person she is intimate with.
he really should have stopped once you said no though.
a wedding for 75 people for $1000 is so incredibly far off.
taking the male cat is probably the best idea, they are often less social
i am not saying you don't have a right to be angry and confront him, i am saying that energy could be better spent elsewhere.
join meetup or looks to meet new people in your area.
if you do this then, you risk not only losing a job but getting a reputation that might prevent future hires.
guy #2 just creeps you out, which is fine, you don’t have to like everyone and you have good reason to not like him.
it sounds like you try to include her & don’t intentionally leave her out.
this girls sounds like she needs to grow tf up and start behaving like an adult.
and when he gets back make sure to return the favour and don’t rush to see him straight away.
heres some comics, i got more in my white panel van.
as long as you still love her and feel those things for her outside of her bad episodes, your feelings are justified.
you had to choose the safest way out of an uncomfortable situation.
from , also known as trisomy 21, is a genetic disorder caused by the presence of all or part of a third copy of chromosome 21.
a house is a big accomplishment!
what she is doing is not harmless and not reasonable.
when i came back, i was upset but thought "maybe he was just in and out quickly, still rude but if thats the case, ill let it slide." nope, still there at 8am so i popped one his tires before i left that morning.
if you want, you can dm me more specifics (store he got it from, how long ago, and where - state, not city) and if it's the company i work for i can be a lot more helpful.
bye." then i see no issues.
if anything the company are assholes, if you can prove to them that you are not "fully abled".
- giving notice isn't a requirement, it's a favor that employees do for good employers.
if she knows how important she is to you she should take it into consideration.
hmu when she's got something to say about the us prison population.
not your average heroin junkie, but sure enough ...i ended up leaving her and have been clean for about six years now!
hope things work out for you both in the best possible way.
so with that, i'll cap it off with, live your life!
; i think it was a fair point to make.
if she's doing this to chit-chat then it's legitimately causing an issue with your work.
my guess is that her friends asked her after the fact & she’d rather go with them instead of keeping her prior commitment.
but no ones really an asshole, just a simple fight in a relationship
he is preparing for a “maybe”.
it sounds like your family thought that because you had some success they could dump their useless offspring onto you and she could live off your successes.
parent that thew the fit seems like the asshole.
her only leg to stand on is the 30 min distance thing which honestly isn't even that bad unless your wedding ends during rush hour traffic.
ignore them, tell them no, whatever.
i do know that r/raisedbynarcissists helps a lot of people with generally abusive or unreasonable parents.
friend soon you will be like the rest of us long term relationshippers, blocking out words, then sentences and eventually entire conversations.
if she attempts to impersonate you or your wife, if she refuses to leave your property when asked, if she harassed you or threatens you, etc.
compatibility in a relationship includes sex.
he probably did it without realising and if you have an good open dialogue with your dad (it sounds like you do) and just gently let him know then hopefully he might realise and not do it again.
if niether of you did .
i've always found that to be a silly thing- your employer would not give you two weeks before firing you, so why should give two shits about leaving them stranded?
this isn't to say the therapist for son is seeing now doesn't know what he/she is doing, but like i said, a rad diagnosis is tough!
i have to agree that they're using "girl b" as a scapegoat.
but not every story has a happy ending.
get her some chocolates also because guys are young as shit and that stuff still works.
holy shit girl, he’s a 20 something year old hanging out with a 16 year old.
wait, so they didn't invite you, but you want to send a card?
&#x200b; and so, to combat this, you're doing the same thing to her.
dude moved on pretty quick once i finally did.
in the long run, if that's going to be his career of choice then he's starting off on the wrong foot.
she is now harassing and threatening you.
go spend christmas with her family.
but if she thinks a man (a person) will completely stop masturbating cuz they’re with her, she’s crazy.
he's schizophrenic and self medicates via drink and drugs, and what frustrates me most is that he's a self aware schizophrenic.
there was no indication of a joke, and again it's entirely possible he put it on that site/app (idk) hoping to use the its a joke cover just in case.
next time, explain that an uber ride home can cost less than a tow.
take care of yourself and those around you after you are capable of it.
if, for the duration, you're willing to tell everyone you're bi.
seems like a shitty situation all around.
this means she understands you have a choice and you choosing to spend your break relaxing makes sense.
, a secret is a secret and part of keeping it is knowing who to confide in.
bed bugs are no joke, is he trying to infect everyone else's homes???
just give him a few days to figure out where he's going to go next.
after six months, you know where things are.
you don’t need a friend like that.
sounds like a jerk imo, and he probably expended more mental energy having a pointless argument with you than he would have had he just answered your question.
if someone isn't nice to servers, they're not a nice person.
the idea that someone in a relationship cannot be friends or associate too much with someone of the opposite gender is controlling and restrictive.
as a married couple we are a team and we work through this crap together, there is no yours and mine - only ours.
secondly a pregnancy has nothing to do with being on your phone and not getting your work done.
i would trade a couple acquaintances for a friend like you who would think of my well being as opposed to optics.
have children because you want children as part of your family, not because you're trying to hold up some imaginary fucking legacy.
they walk in, they're under your rule now.
, it's not unfair to expect someone to pull their weight.
and why wait 2 weeks to ask for the money??
she can feel her remorse at the grave.
he sounds elitist and honestly pretty childish for reacting like that over noodles.
give me the chicken and i'll set it in the oven but you need to leave for now and come back at the appointed time- i'm on a schedule here and have things i need to do before dealing with guests." this is insufferable behavior irrespective of age or circumstance.
it's the same culture that makes people afraid to speak out
sounds like you are more mature.
i mean her fiance did do a really stupid thing that could have been very easily avoided.
not because you’re leaving but because you’re lying.
i get that people are upset or weak sometimes, but you should not have to pick a side.
send him one long text with everything and apologize for whatever slightly he thinks you did and be done.
this guy dislikes you and wants to drag you down.
like, what’s the point of being in a relationship when you have to bite your tongue to “keep the peace” but she spews whatever comes in to her brain.
a lot of our interactions with other people are about making reasonable assumptions about them, but being prepared to immediately change those assumptions based on new information.
as for not realizing, still doesnt make you an asshole, can't expect somoene to be a mind reader.
, it could be fun if you had a sign of a recharging battery to put on your door.
- you have the right to keep things private about yourself especially in regards of your mental health and your so should respect that
he will resent it, your new bride will resent it, and importantly *he will talk to her family members about you."* and doubly important: *he will have evidence.* he will point at being uninvited to the wedding as evidence that you are petty and you are breaking apart their family.
he hit you with a major, class a, reg flag of manipulation
the rule here is if you can, try to help people.
maybe you have some options to protect your daughter.
saying something like that sounds like a major red flag imo.
i'm a big proponent of tipping, but this is not a tipping situation.
they made it very clear at the beginning that they weren't willing to share with you and you'd need to provide for yourself.
unless she’s hurting anyone you should keep your opinions to yourself.
, but honestly i don’t know what an apology would really do for you.
a late night is a three day hangover.
bitch was bound to get some poor sap eventually.
i was actually in a similar situation where i paid for a gift for someone, and they didn't get what i paid for and never told me until it was too late to fix.
what i don’t understand is why your father is getting upset with you for confronting your sister and not disciplining your sister for being a complete shit stain (lol).
i think that you are being taken advantage of.
they are using it over your head to keep you from leaving them.
if it isn't happening naturally at this point it just might not be meant to be.
i too am a person who withdrawals from people when i'm under extreme stress, it just has to be.
this is not an honest person with good intentions.
, though, because it's really up to your parents to teach her about death and shit.
all told we spent around 1500 and got more than that back in cash gifts.
she was so deeply wrong in so many ways and honestly you handled that better than most adults would let alone someone in middle school!
my advice is be kind to the homeless, but don't ever feel bad if you don't have anything to give.
you’re not obligated to share your work with somebody, especially somebody who wouldn’t help you.
if you are close and such then don't let pettiness or the problems of others get inbetween your time with you grandma.
having a kid is a massive lifestyle shift and you can't expect to travel as frequently as you used to after having one.
so stick it out, keep trying and just be there for them.
he isn't trying to do anything to leave.
you don’t have to be *anyone’s* friend.
call the cops and break up with his manipulative ass.
however, there comes a point where he starts bringing me down so much that i need some space from him.
it’s great you have supported your wife in her career ...
why isn’t the mother reaching out to you guys?
the mom is being shitty in this situation, as monetary value is certainly not the only way to assign worth to something.
it's your life, you can't spend it living someone elses.
>he got loaded and was shoving his tongue down another woman's throat.
i would be livid as s parent if i found out my sitter was behaving this way in front of my children.
bottom line is, you're not living there, you don't have to pay.
personally, i’d tell her i support her decision, emotionally, but if she wants to do something that will cost you money directly without any real consultation, it’s on her.
you pay for your car, you pay the insurance.
sure you may feel bad about not giving it to them, but that’s guilt.
, you’re busy doing things to progress in life.
- but with tax and tip your share was probably well over $20- let it go.
even if you didn't, if it's something that you both agreed upon, it shouldn't matter.
he only gets ibuprofen because that's all a doctor deems him to need.
maybe suggest a social media cull for a bit to focus on you two?
as an aside, good on you for your bravery.
i’d say  simply because i was raised where spoons was play to win or go home
let her know she is overreacting by thinking that it means you don't want them living there.
better safe than sorry, and it’s not your responsibility to make sure your roommate has his key
it’s your prerogative to not involve yourself in behavior you think is unethical and she was given every sign along the way that this would be the end result.
someone talking about their tit job and sending suggestive pics in the present isnt even comparable to some bullshit that happened when you were a child.
my dad’s a lot like this.
let her go find the right guy for her and you do you.
or whatever euphemism you choose for dating a coworker.
all the red flags are right there, clear as day.
feel free to cut him off, he's a dick.
next time ask him how he'd feel getting dick pics from 50 different danny devito looking assholes.
sounds like she enjoys a good bit of drama and he's not a very good friend for not telling you about conversations with her sooner.
you can easily bankrupt yourself tending to his needs, needs that he could have take steps have met already.
if her past bothers you that much, you should leave the relationship.
, it's more a matter of survival at this point than anything else, and this guy doesn't seem like he has a full grasp of how important it is for him to make money.
, you *literally* couldn't have been more transparent and open about the possibility of the property selling.
you're not an asshole, you're just exhausted.
your sister sounds like a bridezilla.
you're totally within your rights to be mad at your dad, who sounds like a total asshole.
listen to your music all you want, but don't subject everyone to it.
"no" is a complete sentence and that alone should be sufficient justification.
if she really values your relationship, i feel that she should be talking to you more about going further in the relationship like getting married, having a future together, striving towards a stable financial environment for both of you and the baby.
your sister is being a jerk.
: has she ever apologized ?
but your mom was pretty immature making up stories about you to your dad, particularly given that they apparently aren't together.
but my point only stands if you're in a relationship.
how much longer are you going to allow that?
, especially since you told him this as soon as you possibly could.
i'm sure your instructor is very supportive, so focus on their opinion rather than other people who've proven that they're a hindrance.
as long as you always had verbal consent and stopped if she asked you to, there's nothing else you could have done.
he isnt entitled to shit especially when he felt you should abort the kid he so desperately wants to see now !
if the project had been found to have plagarism within then how would the proffessor know that you weren't all to blame?
as long as you're not breathing all over everyone and the food, your manager shouldn't have an issue with you coming in to simply pick up your check.
, because you haven't done anything, but from what you've said i'd assume that you're making this way more about yourself.
if you really mean it - suck it up, otherwise apologize (and don't just apologize that you upset them.
it’s always easier to get a job when you already have one.
or otherwise tell her to move out into a newer, smaller house (you can offer to help with her move).
if he's pestering you or not respecting your wishes.
some things may have to go, and that may or may not be the ib classes.
ghosting you and then try to get you back, naaaaw!
- guy was for not taking no for an answer
although sad she should not move her life around your brother.
it'd be different if you were helping him, but he wouldn't let you.
community colleges and trades colleges aren't "inferior" and you can still get into the career of your choice that way.
i was like you before college, never really did much of anything and pretty much just stayed home when i wasn't at school.
in this case, you had a ons with the first girl, kept in touch in the hope for more, and now she claims you.
that would definitely get on my nerves.
at that point i was in the intersection, still had a green light, slamming on my breaks, and (slightly) swerving to try to avoid him.
and you have to right to remain or leave the relationship.
i know it's easier said than done, but try not to let a shitty person's insults get into your head and make you think they're true - the only reason your boss called you a bad worker is probably because he knew it would make you feel guilty and question yourself so he could bully you into doing what he wanted.
you follow what you want to follow on social media.
if you're not causing actual drama about this.
if i want them to have a relationship, i gotta go there.
but i think there should be some understanding that it’s not as realistic for that relationship to really grow so it’s not fair to ask of you to make as much time for a much more difficult relationship.
they are the assholes, not you.
i find that so bizarre and inappropriate.
you should have reported her behaviour to hr.
kept calling saying "this is red cross and blue shield offering the best insurance" from several different numbers from different area codes.
this dude is one of them.
also going to include that as a performing musician, *the one thing we do want is to see people dance.* you're not watching a sonata, you are at a rock and roll concert.
in my opinion, it wasn't intentionally done and you apologized
- not letting your daughter around other grimy little kids is reasonable in your case.
it’s a party three weeks before her wedding.
you should probably clear that up with her.
personally i wouldn't give a refund.
like how the hell do you even meet?
it may sound cliche but any healthy relationship needs effort from both sides.
when you turn 18 get out of there.
a weeklong trip is not the best way to reconcile you two and honestly is a bad idea.
if you drew her skinny that would be just as awkward.
the actions of your mother have created pain, fear, contempt, a feeling of abandonment and rejection.
holy fuck, if they blow up like that before you’re living together i don’t want to know what the inevitable flatmate argument will be like.
i'm so glad i don't know anyone who thinks this way, but i know they're out there.
i'm just putting  instead of  because it seem you might have been a bit more diplomatic in your delivery.
don't shy away from reporting a disabled person.
, but your roommate sounds like a passive aggressive jerk.
, but i have an idea.
though, giving a bit more notice as to when you're moving out would let them try and get a job and get back on their feet, but if they're that bad a day's notice is more than enough.
she's acting like it's all about her.
i just did this to myself last week.
you send her a drunken message six months later, and she says that her husband will call the cops if you ever show up at their house.
it's a wonder the poor things are still alive.
just leave without her on occasions like this.
i know, it's not always easy, but i don't think you'll be getting anyone on your side by going off (as much as i totally feel you on that).
has your sibling ever apologized for the way they treated you in the past?
this is not one of those scenarios.
that she had a motive for saying yes (getting you to like her) is on her.
that sounds like she has some anger issues.
you’re being annoying by leaving the lights on so he makes comments about it.
not going to work while high is the safe thing to do, it just sucks that the timing wasn’t better.
regardless - if you're living together and want this to work, learn to buy stuff "for the house".
i think you’re only an asshole if you do nothing.
i feel like i missed something...
i would suggest talking to your sister and laying out some ground rules.
just tell him you were joking but if it does bother him, you’ll ask others to stop with splatoon porn.
it doesn’t matter what he was doing, what if you had plans?
using depression as an excuse to act like a sexual predatory makes him a terrible human being.
your sister has no nuance and is overreacting imo.
perhaps she’s just embarrassed that she didn’t get it and is mistaking your kind gesture for a pity invite or something.
it's pretty normal to be even nicer to people who make you uncomfortable or who you don't like.
it’s possible adam doesn’t have bad intentions with saying this, but i doubt it.
if she wanted you to pay for half of the relatively expensive wine she should have asked if you wanted to split a bottle before she ordered it.
if you’re out shovelling snow, and you’ve noticed the neighbour hasn’t been able to get to their sidewalk yet and you have 3 or 4 minutes to spare, do a solid, and shovel for them.
, you're actually being very considerate.
roommate relationships should be symbiotic, not parasitic.
your husband is being a child.
you are, however, weird as hell for taking a middle seat between two people when windows and aisles were open with nobody in the middle.
you shouldn't have to feel bad at school and you shouldn't be forced to hang out with those who don't respect you.
some of my best friends are my cousins and it would be a shame for your daughter to miss out on the entirely if it's avoidable.
out with a friend i will be back later tonight.
you don't mean any harm and i'm sure the kids will appreciate it.
she’s responsible for her transportation unless you agreed otherwise, which you didn’t.
you said you didn't talk to your kids.
also, setting off fireworks in one of the most polluted cities out there is just distasteful.
it’s not like he got stomped by the hells angels
he thinks that because he makes all the money, he should decide how it’s spent.
you’ve gotta do what you’ve gotta do to keep your kids safe
critical communications need to be "pushed" to the people that need to know, not "pulled" from social media.
firstly, you should have quit and run as soon as the director spouted off with their homophobic bullshit.
then ask him why he cares so much.
you said it was from the guy.
i think you'll save yourself a lot of emotional grief by not trying to reconnect with her.
i know i could be married to someone overseas indefinitely when i was 25.
there’s a time and place for masterbating.
however, you may just want to file a complaint with your state labor board for failure to pay rather than refuse to work.
but for him to say "just take it out"????!
it makes sense to cut him away from your life
her preference is just that: her preference.
if she wants to know why you two can't get along, it's because of the decisions she's made (like you getting in trouble whether she did her chores or not, especially when you were doing her a favour by babysitting).
encourage him to actually get results in something.
he is not entitled to your time and space.
- sure maybe it was honest but narcissistic people need to be slapped with reality sometimes.
glad she's finding ways to move on and forward with her life!
while it isn’t your business no offence, you’re trying to look out for a friend and his baby and that makes you not the asshole
she can get huffy all she wants if parenting mistakes are called out.
to be honest, your brother sounds like a dead-beat.
for wanting some down time to yourself, but your mom is just trying to spend some time with you.
you should tell the teacher what happened.
i will tell you based on personal experience, peers are a great support system, but i just about never believe peers should be used as a stand-in therapist.
and i get it, that's their means of independence.
not everyone *can* wake up that easily.
- honestly sounds like a good thing that happened, if your “friends” are going to ditch you over asking for another “friends” number those aren’t real friends.
it sounds like it was not a healthy relationship for you and she needs to address her mental health and focus on herself, not on you.
though i suspect she pulled some strings to get you that job in the first place, so you quitting is going to have a negative impact on her regardless
i feel like that could have been c’s motivation.
at my current job, i was asked to train to be the backup for another (higher) position.
3) banning you from all future events because you asked to leave early to an event you clearly didnt want to attend is a gross overreaction.
if the answer is probably not then you’ve been seriously manipulated.
there is a point where it is too much as you stated (cracked and bleeding hands).
are you all in middle school?
you can casually ask them “what unit were you/where were you stationed/what were your colors” and if they throw out vague garbage, or say they can’t talk about it, it’s bullshit.
fuck her and fuck your mom.
she needs to seriously think about what she wants before making a life altering decision.
the first thing a deli worker should do when asked to slice meat is cut a ‘test slice’ and make sure the size is exactly what the customer wants.
however, it seems she never gave you any reasons past "i don't like him" > we still fought, but we both excused it as a thing that all best friends do.
surprisingly, many atheists share common morals with christians, who would have thought?
now, could it help him in future relationships to have this conversation with him?
why is it really such a big deal?
i also could be way off and looking too far into it and it simply is a difference of personalities.
he knows what he did and he’s trying to pretend it’s no big deal.
you can go low contact and grey rock but you have to be very guarded.
and you did buy her a gift.
you're no longer in high school and are old enough to know better.
fresh air for both, and the crying will stop.
that being said, your brother agreed.
maybe they are just overly protective of their child for one reason or another.
they may , or they may redo the locks again.
i can’t imagine any of this getting any better/easier once you have a newborn.
cancel that so you don’t have to worry about anything.
no need to acknowledge you're being sarcastic, that way you still have plausible deniability (i was just trying to kill him with kindness!)
then your regular teacher chews you out over it?
it seems like you have been getting the short end of the stick and it should be fair.
those things are going to clash.
go to tisch, use its resources, get your money's worth.
you're too tangentially related to the issue to have any real interest in the outcome.
but if he feels guilty maybe you can take baby steps with him.
your time and talent is your own and you have the right to support or reject any creative project that you want, without explanation.
money isn’t everything, but you could improve your family’s lives immensely in a relatively short time, as long as you don’t up your spending to match your income.
i don't really care about your wife's reaction and am not going to try to rationalize it because she's being absolutely ridiculous and showing you screenshots of fights is just stupid.
also that's super rude way to treat someone who did you a favor.
he seems either very immature or like he’s not interested in marrying you down the line.
you guys know how big of a commitment dogs are and your wife should be compassionate to how emotionally invested you get in dogs.
whether he was fucked up or just incompetent is pretty irrelevant.
it seems like cover for them stealing the money.
it's not fair of her to take that out on you, though.
>she changed her mind two days before saying she couldn’t miss her dads birthday, which was the very next day.
you don't need people like that in your life.
why do people who were horrible and evil deserve to die without knowing how horrible they were?
the leagalities of working in an area of which i assume that 14 is too young aside, no you are .
if they are also paying rent it makes complete sense that your share would be reduced.
as i see it, you were put in a tough position and you did the best you could for both a and b.
" well, we can take you there in my car.
lying to law enforcement and paying for a vacation are not the responsibilities of a brother.
she is very bad for both
do you know she’s a real person?
they’re yours, you paid for them, you brought them, there’s no reason why grown adults would be pissed off for having the give back someone’s property, that like me getting mad at another parent for asking me to have my kid give back their kids toy car at the park
- you got it dry and hard.
but it seems her denial is strong.
- his hand doesn't affect his ability to walk or length of time he can stand?
, the sub r/raisedbynarcissists might actually help you find a better solution as well.
i was in the same situation but reversed, i had no job for about 5 months and my boyfriend worked extra hard and did a lot for me, taking on the bills and rent and all that.
well, hes going to ask for a glass of milk.
politeness is something that goes both ways.
, high schools over, you don't have to hang out with anyone you dont want to, and you certainly don't have to go to vegas with them.
beware the money and family issue, there's a very high chance of blowback.
i haven't spoken to my brother in over 15 years.
my bf has a beard and i've seen photos of him without it.
sleep apnea is a son of a bitch.
she has to respect your time and boundaries as everyone should in a relationship, so no you’re  for saying you have responsibilities.
he is unlikely to benefit or learn a lesson from prison.
don't let other people influence how you want to enjoy playing a game, especially since it does nothing to affect anyone else.
i would understand if she didn't have a car to get around but she does.
you're giving her too much brain space and power.
you have boundaries and expectations for your relationship.
if you feel like you need to do more, you could make dinner for them in a month.
just enough to have your own space.
this is all projection on her part.
you have no responsibility to show up to his wedding.
had you been less upfront, you would absolutely be the asshole.
, if she expects that from a boyfriend tell her to go find one of those guys and to leave you alone.
that kids 12 and going through puberty, its not the most graceful time in the world.
but it is sort of mean.
anyway, it's understandable that you don't wanting people to assume a specific orientation, but based on some cursory research, only 1.8% of the population identifies as bisexual, and 1.7% identify as gay/lesbian.
it's awkward but even more awkward they didn't tell you themselves and offer to help fix it.
that's a lot of work and responsibility.
i would say , although i would also say not the most...
if you feel that by visiting your dad you would get into a fight with the family and it would be a bad memory for him you are not in the least being an asshole.
you shouldn’t have sex with someone if you are not going to enjoy it ( that’s the whole point, right??)
others chances are she's still pursuing romantic/sexual relations with some of them and can't have you around doing so.
sometimes people need to be scared straight.
hahahaha you as the designer are not the one at fault for an approved design.
you just have to figure out some sort of compromise together.
you have important things to be doing in regard to your future.
you can let them know you have been feeling stretched thin and need to catch a break.
leave as soon as you can and don't look back.
i’d continue complaining to the landlord and if you speak to your neighbors at all, encourage them to continue making complaints until she gets her act together, leaves, or gets evicted.
wedding invitations should be given with at least a month of anticipation so as to give the guest the chance to rsvp.
people are weird when they are new and young to relationships.
even just thinking you should skip the question is expressing empathy.
perhaps they need to pay closer attention to the sermons at church because they have obviously missed the message.
, if you want time together just tell her
if they make a big deal out of it or refuse to acknowledge the preference despite initiating the conversation then they would be the asshole.
i quickly learned that that wasn't the type of life i wanted.
he’s your dad so obviously just water under the bridge as far as the incident goes.
you’re not forcing your coworkers to work those hours.
not the have friends bit but must have opposite gender friends is a little peculiar but i see where you're going with it but being able to have opposite gender friendships and currently having are two different things.
it’s very different from cutting up salmon (see 1.) 3.
your mom really seems like she wants the best for you so i would keep ties with her and connect with your grandmother.
you might want to address that when you talk to her as well.
i had a similar senario with my bestfriend and her then boyfriend and now ex-husband.
who does that about someone’s pet...
you could remove every line of your submission about the five year old incident, as it's irrelevant.
and now theyre going back on that.
if you are serious about never bringing your fantasies into reality you have to talk with her and open up.
maybe your therapist can give you some ways to cope with this.
is there any reason specifically he doesn't want the rabbits in the house op?
being a friend doesn't being an unfailing "yes man".
you outlined clear, very reasonable issues as to why you can not be that dogs caretaker.
it's at the bottom of the ocean.
dont fake a friendship with someone you kinda cant stand.
you’re 21 and she’s a mess.
reading your other replies i feel like you aren’t treating the child wrong despite your interioralised annoyance.
i am also wary of people who push to talk or meet without putting any meaningful detail in writing first (which you specifically requested).
it seems really simple, but it significantly increases my chances of remembering her name - which is easy, because without that my odds of remembering her name were zero.
if you missed an event like a dinner or drinks for their birthday then fair enough, but the date itself?
like if this is round two of the same situation, you already knew what was happening.
i know you’ve already blocked all contact for now and i’d leave it that way to be safe.
you have the right to spend time alone with your child, and if you need the court to help enforce that i say go for it.
he even said he would stop asking so  for sure.
as a suggestion, go to his father, get him to pay you, as he seems understanding, and have your "friend" pay his father back instead.
i agree with her on what i agree with her on and the rest i keep to myself mostly
former girl scout here, that is a definite no-no.
unless you were friends already or had a good basis for that, it's a contrived and asymmetric relationship.
that whole family aside from your hubby seem ridiculous.
and i’m cool with it, they actually stopped to bother, so i don’t care.
i have never dealt with as severe as what your depression sounds, but i am diagnosed and what has helped me the most is surrounding myself with people that are willing to put as much into our relationship as i am and those who want to help me.
they're fine with that because they respect it's not their decision to make!
you are doing him a favour by letting him use yours.
she might be or not, depending on her reasoning.
don't make demands, just let her know that there are times when you would rather not have him in your apartment
if you were both (say) 25 and acted this way i would say you were both assholes, but at 13 this is just being new to relationships.
welcome to the trick side of trick or treat.
however, if you still worry about him, try and stay friends.
it would be cruel not to let a dog outside when you get up.
though, i wouldn't call it manipulative if her either
, however these things happen and though it seems like a big deal now, in the grand scheme of your life it really isn't.
if he hits you, there is no reason he shouldn't expect to be hit back 2.
for one, cats and babies are fine together.
sometimes you just have to cut your losses and give yourself some freedom.
but you must understand that he not only needs the help but probably loves that you play with him.
because if he's going to do that once he will do it again.
as shes going, shes just going to drag you down, not contribute to rent etc.
maybe you could ask her if she would prefer to have you relax during the day so you have the energy to hang out in the evening.
your instincts are telling you that this guy isn't your life partner and i think that's spot on.
my mother doesn’t call my kids or visit.
- it’s really dickish to show that sort of favoritism.
i’m a full 20 years older than some.
especially if it was an abusive relationship - i've had similar experiences (stalking, gaslighting, compulsive liar, emotionally abusive...) and i wouldn't be sad in the slightest if that person were to commit suicide.
, shared values are essential to a healthy relationship.
not that you owe him that, he wronged you, but he might honestly have not understood what you meant & why exactly.
from her pov i can see why she thinks it's shady.
you’re not saying they are not good people.
no one owes anyone sexual favors for any reason.
i think externally pressured vegans are usually only briefly vegan.
who gets their grandma to tell their grandsons ex to get back with them if they're only in high school?
mom should have shut it down and blocked.
for not wanting to be around them, he's  for wanting to keep the peace.
she should not tank her teaching career because she got placed with a shitty teacher for her student teaching opportunity.
he knew you had anxiety so he used that to his advantage, and he blamed his "tough life" which you just accepted that.
you should talk to your dad about this, too (if you are comfortable and on good terms with him).
or i just take the baby and let her do whatever she needs.
>it has caused me to break down into tears several times.
, it's your wedding, not your family's, and you are entitled to decide who can and can't come.
your allowing her to freeload off you and damage your stuff and you get literally nothing in return.
the mature nd decent thing to do would be to end it nicely.
you totally don't need to indulge her.
sink is free of trash now.
if the questions are both "no", then it isn't really your say.
he offers to be with you and then decides to ditch you to play overwatch, only to prevent you from leaving when he finally wanted to spend time with you.
it sounds like you were civil about it.
no one has the right to assault you.
you could frame it as feedback and say you dont want disciplinary action, your just want him to be told it is inappropriate and not to do it in future.
i would explain to her why you aren’t helping her at the moment, and that you just need some time
talking from experience, it also seems like he has something else to hide too.
sounds like a good outcome in the end
mostly, as another poster said, what this tells you is that they don't like you quite as much as you might like them.
you can only help then if they want to help themself.
and i bet, that the money she's been getting to pay bills, has been going to drugs.
find people that make you happy and support you.
personally i would have asked what she was doing, but beyond that .
but i’d never try to force one on a person who is indifferent or doesn’t like or want one.
it's time to complain to the management company that (at least) the woman on the right is parking partially in your lane (because she is.) by the way, she's not in your space because she turns her wheel.
your brother is not an asshole for trying to vemo it to you.
not everyone will understand or want to indulge your kink, and that’s cool.
he will tell you whatever he needs to in order for you to continue enabling him to use drugs and fuck other women with no consequences to himself.
like the reason with the bank and paying things on time so your credit score won’t be hurt?
he has no problem using all his vacation for frivolous stuff but then expects you to blow off a very important family trip because he can't go?
it's more common for people to want kids than not, so she was probably expecting that you would be on board.
she doesnt care the same way you do.
it means being respectful of other people as much as you can in a shared living space
it's why she keeps bringing it up.
they definitely should have discussed this with you before inviting them to stay.
i think you know that, you just wanted to get your story out.
she should contact a social worker at his hospital to see what services she qualifies for; for example, you mentioned a nurse.
we both work in pretty relaxed offices, and we do have downtime, so we’ll text each other occasionally if we have nothing going on at work, but if there’s work to be done there’s work to be done.
in fact, you would be an arsehole if you didn’t contact them.
you have the right to relieve your bowels in a secure environment.
however, you do go into shared spaces so it does affect you.
make your opinion clear “i have absolutely no interest in continuing further communication or relationships with you.” block him and stick to it.
but just my 2 cents, i think that's a bit unfair if you don't have class until the afternoon.
that, once again, shows a blatant disregard to show any understanding or respect whatsoever towards you.
that's not all that much and you let him know.
you seemed to have vested with her long enough to notice she wouldn’t change.
like you said, the drinking is a symptom, not the root problem.
why would you make an issue out of something so small
she probably is paying more than the others anyway because they only have to contribute towards shared food and drink.
but honestly i would tell her.
- these guys are representing the company by wearing their company uniforms and this is absolutely unacceptable behavior.
even if you don't, you need that money to take care of yourself.
i'm really sorry to have to say this, but consideration and empathy can only go so far.
kids (which i am assuming you are) always do extra to get what they want.
elderly or not, age does not play a factor in asshole-ness.
that being said, there is a spectrum, and perhaps homeboy falls a little bit deeper on the spectrum than my former colleague.
i would say that unless your parents specifically mention being lower income or request payment assistance, the school will probably assume that you are able to pay it.
we have budgets for everyone this year.
it might help if you reassure your friend that you really do value her friendship, and maybe schedule time to see her so she has something to look forward to.
just tell her to not do it first thing after she bought it or find some other solution.
however alarm bells are sounding all over this.
especially when he gets a nice rest throughout the night while you handle the baby.
she assumes you're down for that and it's totally okay that you're not.
family is super important but only so long as it adds value to your day.
the living room isn't her office.
they're not thinking about your feelings.
not being a contributing member towards this major event for both of you is worrisome.
you’re essentially asking to be polygamists after eight years of monogamous marriage and i’m assuming a few more years of exclusive dating.
but if you do that it's easier for them to think through the following: in jewelry this is a big thing.
got my first real job at 14 and also discovered thrift shops, which seriously are amazing.
anyone who won't respect calling you by the name and pronunciation you request isn't being a true friend.
it sounds like your slacking partner pretty brazenly cheated and plagiarized.
- it doesn’t sound like you’re being treated very fairly by this roommate.
, but for future reference, always be careful mixing friendship and business/money.
that said, it is a really tough decision.
be there for her but at the end of the day if it comes down to you relapsing dont risk it.
that guy was never planning on returning your money.
seriously, all you had to say was "he called the big lebowski a shitty movie" and everyone everywhere would understand.
next time though, call over a waitress or a manager.
if you’re willing to stand your ground, please let her know that you’re always there for her if she needs you.
for acknowledging your needs in a relationship.
she's clearly pulling away, for whatever reason.
because once you knew about the mistake you offered to reimburse him for the shipping.
i believe your have to be adopted by your step mom.
they do not respect their fake "add to do not call option." they call multiple times when i'm busy in my day.
hipaa violations are serious, and you needed your ass covered.
, if she gets into an accident, you guys are on the hook.
accidents happen and sometimes when they do parents lash out.
- what a weird way to lead up to telling your girl that you bought yourself a present.
i was taught that it was rude.
(i’m not a professional, i’m just trying to make sense of what she said in my own head)
if people don’t want my dog around, that’s absolutely fine but i won’t abandon him for them.
, if you don't think they're going to pay you back this is your best option in a shitty situation.
you're not sending him to jail by not talking to him.
i personally like a certain seat on the train every morning.
- if the lesson is over then adios!
kicking him out was the right thing to do since it sounds like you were in danger.
he has clearly shown that he has no respect for you or your family.
, you're not obligated to give a manipulative creep your attention.
make sure you're caring for yourself.
-but i understand where he is going from.
i don’t even know where to begin besides saying i’m sorry.
also i don't know why your friend is expecting you to make food for her if she haven't notified you about being hungry or too tired to cook beforehand.
he told you to do what is right for you.
for wanting to have a serious discussion but don’t give an ultimatum.
dogs are a lot of work and require a lot of time.
i feel very sorry for your child in this situation.
also i think the biggest asshole here is your husband but obviously you already know that.
your child will only end up suffering and you'll have to deal with a sickly baby.
be in your feelings if you need to be, but consider it a bullet dodged.
, but you seriously need to stop having unprotected sex.
that includes his sleeping schedule aswell, he can't force you to sleep on the couch just because the baby is...
if there were empty seats, you can stay as long as they're open, since you're a paying customer.
however, if the employer decides it's serious enough to do something about they will do it anyway, but that isn't your fault.
and then suggest she seek some kind of therapy.
but give him a heads up that you put a stop on it.
you fully have the right to know who's coming and then, as a "grown person", you can make your own decision on whether or not you want to come.
personally, i think the best way to go about this would be to just have a sheet and go to everyone and ask them to sign their name in groups of four for who they want to room with.
you're not an asshole, you're just a kid.
i think it would be good to consider a way to tactfully bring up how you're feeling in a way that makes it clear you care and you listen to her, but you want to see things improve for her because you care.
they're in fact called handicap *accessible* stalls.
a pregnant woman and the elderly deserve seats the most.
the decision to go no contact with a has to be c’s decision.
but that is up to you to decide.
when she recovers and if you both still feel the same, give it a go.
she wanted it arctic cold (65f) in the summer and desert hot (78f) in the winter.
she'll either be grateful or offended or indifferent
it's weird to be considerate enough to ask someone what they want for their birthday and then completely disregard it because it's not what you want for them.
plus they promised to have pictures monday and then didn’t have them and won’t give a clear explanation.
a notebook of hand-written memos doesn’t prove anything, and i’d have suggested the same thing if you hadn’t already.
and your friend is ridiculous for giving you the silent treatment over this.
although you would have been best waiting a little longer before trying to clarify.
then she’ll realise how little it means to share everything online.
they sound like the cliche mean girls from a movie
he’s seriously being a bigger baby than the one you are caring for.
there’s obviously some missing communication that could have solved any animosity or resentment here.
you might be an asshole for not taking action to protect others from this scam, but then it's not your job to do so.
they may get upset though if it’s bothering them.
i would notify them you're going to do it too.
then it’s up to her, but definitely avoid the dude.
your sister didnt do as she was supposed to so you took over responsibilities, being punished for it is stupid but parents are weird
let your sister and her fiance do their wedding the way they want to.
the relatives themselves dont deserve to be invited and it's not your mom's wedding.
also it must be that i'm not american so i don't really see the problem with calling someone a cunt.
if anyone actually steals his car, the entire neighborhood will cheer
if you said it politely then you are not.
and, in fact, your reasons are valid, and make sense, in other words, you're making the smart decision.
- you put her in her place only after she attacked you.
if the three of them agreed for the repairs to happen at a certain time, without consulting you, then i don’t see how they could’ve anticipated that you could be home for this entire time (unless you are usually home during these hours?).
you have needs and anyone who doesn’t respect you and your choices (regardless of medical condition) is somebody you should ignore.
he's a bad manager for taking it out on you.
it sounds like you have a pretty packed schedule, wanting to spend the holidays with your partner is a totally normal response
this did not go over well with me, as you might imagine.
some people will be able to appreciate it and other people are too sick to be able to know where they even are sometimes.
i hope you can find some harmony back with your mum, sounds like you addressed it well to me.
people who behave that way deserve being put in check.
the sooner the two of you get out of there the better.
it's time to have a heart-to-heart.
you do you, and hope that they come around, but don’t hold your breath.
i am a person who believes if you ask someone to stop doing something because it annoys you, that person should stop.
a desirable dog breed that is in the earliest adoption window *and* a rare color coat should all be suspicious that it was just lost and no one is looking.
, if there was a required minimum tip why wouldn't it be added already?
but goddamn, the morning after pill (aka plan b) is a nightmare to take.
you should feel comfortable in your living space, and your boyfriend is trying to be a gracious friend.
larry david wasn't wrong about frozen yogurt sample abusers and he wasn't about the chat and cut.
i feel that, deeply and personally, and if she hasn't tried cognitive behavioral therapy, i suggest she do so.
and i’m concerned that you think you might be in this situation, dude.
if it's not associated with a valid excuse or a pattern of behavior it's appropriate to communicate with your mother about her inconsiderate behavior and change your future behavior toward her requests based on that discussion.
but this is also a lesson that if you’re going to make an investment, do your research and look into setup/maintenance yourself or find a professional to help.
, but be mad careful how you broach the subject with her.
your girlfriend cant use her status as your gf to get you to drop plans at her beck and call.
watch out, he seems like a school shooter type, 100%.
i would consider myself to be a very positive, optimistic person.
can you imagine her passing on her wealth of knowledge to those poor innocent kids?
if their really your friends they’ll understand and do something about it.
, but im depressed and not thinking clearly.
your friend will need to accept that.
unless you said you’d cover it there’s no reason he should expect you to.
i'd say there's a deeper problem here than just the nickname, the nickname is just the tip of it from the looks!
, it’s your relationship and it’s your feelings that are invested...
just explain to him where you're coming from.
, i don't think anything wrong has happened here in either side it just sounds like things are just not clicking.
i stopped reading at the condom wrappers and trash.
sexual frustration and unfullfillment is a seriously grating issue for your own wellbeing.
shes an adult she should be able to handle herself better than a toddler.
so naturally she's not gonna like that you are calling her out, even in the mild way you did.
also, i have no clue how, with adhd, you can focus on work without medicine.
i remember having this fight with my roommates at one point since you will also be sharing common areas as well.
at least you talked to him like a real person, and didn't just ignore him while using your phone
you are an angel and you deserve all of the support in the word.
no one in the presence of a wailing child focuses on the drool.
you gotta look out for numero uno sometimes.
, backing out one week before and then expecting the money back is ridiculous.
maybe they lacked some emotional intelligence, maybe they were doing a competition at school, maybe they were scamming.
give them the link to the videos and tell them that is how you learnt to do it.
but it sounds like your friend needs help.
that entire family is enabling her.
tell your bf that u want him to translate for u
this wouldn't necessarily be a problem in another part of the world, where it's okay to linger after a meal.
he was sprayed at his own home and she's not apologetic at all about it.
they got off easy with a little splash of water.
and honestly it wasn’t as bad as i’d built it up in my mind to be.
i know it makes them uncomfortable to be around couples all of the time.
first, you're saving money, and there's no shame in that!
he may think it's "cute" or "funny" or whatever, but it's not to you, and that's enough for him to cut it out.
also kudos for being a decent person by being straight with him.
tell him how it is, and stand firm!
she has completely exorcised herself from your life, so in a way, there is a kindness here making me almost lean to .
she’ll just find a way to talk to him through some discreet app
expecting your family not to say bigoted things to you isn't a very high bar.
professionally, your tutoring program may have rules about where that line is, however
owning two cars isn’t an asshole thing, unless you were just going to hoard them.
it sucks to be going through things and although we don't have a lot of information about what she might be going through, it sounds likes she's taking advantage of you.
this isn't the case of a spouse being annoyed by their partner's hobby.
plus, your bf's show sounds like an important way to keep your finances up.
you implicitly vouched for them and they were unprofessional and a waste of her time.
coming from someone who enjoys being degraded in bed, it is definitely something that can be very emotional.
the internet isn't compatible with secrets.
just don't take it out on your sister, let her know you're there for her.
just let him enjoy life as long as his fetish doesn’t become destructive
she has no right to tell you who you can’t talk to, go out with, or be friends with.
and find more supportive, less asshole friends.
here’s the thing, when people start doing drugs, they change.
if he's just lightly uncomfortable with it, go for it, so long as you're not misreading the vibes she's throwing down.
i am baffled that your mom will chew you out for failing when she won't help you handle your adhd.
it’s just a matter of time.
--this day is all about you and your love for your future wife, and you have the final say for whatever reason about who you want to participate.
i don't have any negative feelings towards pot, but people seem to give it a free pass because it can help people with medical issues.
if this truly bothers you, you have every right to be comfortable in your own home.
you can ask him to add a reminder on his phone or post a note in your bathroom mirror.
it could have been a kindness because they knew you’d be better off, like yelling at the dog to go away then shedding a tear when he does.
if she isn't who you want to be with, you're allowed to leave her even if she's very pretty and nice.
i understand why you feel like you can't rely on him for mental health support.
we would write letters and send each other drawings, it was a big circle of friends.
it's rude af to invite yourself on someone else's vacation.
, that's pretty unfair of her.
if your dad refuses to get the proper course of treatment specifically for bedbugs (not just for "pests", normal pest control treatments won't do shit), do not go to his house or ride in his car until he does.
you don't need to apologize to someone who threatens you.
- this is never a fun convo.
she may not have the vocabulary, for example, to accurately describe or assess her emotions.
not only that, but if they're making that much noise, there are probably other people in your cul-de-sac who have the same complaints.
, i wouldn’t say anything about not being sick to the coworkers of supervisors unless they ask.
you’ll have to calmly talk to her about it and try and get her to understand.
, and i'd leave her for not respecting your boundaries.
hopefully she’ll grow out of it, but lucky for you, she doesn’t seem like someone worth waiting for.
you had plans you couldn't abandon and you didn't promise to pick her up.
like, if she was swimming or whatever and she was shirtless and the kid saw, that's different to her flashing him.
sometimes being blunt is the only way to get your message across.
, this is one of the repercussions that he is going to have deal w.
your friend was being the asshole and you politely made it clear you weren't comfortable with it.
i'd dig some home made jams or a nice scarf if someone made it.
you don't have to feel guilty about not wanting to deal with toxic behavior from your parents.
just today i was awoken 2 hours before my alarm by a phone call with a recording of microsoft sam telling me that my social security number was used "suspiciously" and will be suspended if i didn't call them back.
your roommates are just being obnoxious.
you're not putting an animal over him, you're making a decision about him based on how he treats animals.
i've had tons of male friends and also am prior military.
and he’s not going to go sit in his car to smoke.
he apparently hates to teach, and is potentially ruining lives, so the last place he should be is in a teaching position.
for you that might be then they ask to move in ( if they ever do) the basic fact is it's your life and your future and you can't let someone other than your future wife cause chaos
you don't have seizures because you get banged in the head.
i rarely donate money to charity, because i also work hard for my money, but i also have no way to know if that specific charity is getting that money or if it’s going into someone’s pockets.
> i don't know what he'd do if he couldn't live here.
you're allowed to feel however you want and not feel guilty for it.
it was disrespectful toward you not to let you know that guy was going to be there when you know her husband (and i'm assuming are on friendly terms with him).
- weird wording in the title, but if your student organization is run like 99% of the ones i’m familiar with, vote them out.
if you’re such a “good friend” to him and easy to throw away like that without getting your side of the story, then he’s definitely not a friend you need.
sounds like you're making a hell of a lot of effort when he's making none.
i get they are kids, but they still have to learn how to behave.
don't feel bad for being honest, marriage is a huge thing so don't rush into something you're not sure of.
/s she does have a right to post what she wants, but you have a right to be uncomfortable.
but you say they aren't friends so that's fair enough.
you're not doing anything dishonest to give yourself an advantage, so there's no assholery afoot.
necessarily, but be aware of the 'grass is greener on the other side' lie.
; first of all she has way to many kids (doesn't necessarily make her an asshole, but still).
it will be your journey so make a team plan with your wife, without judgements.
i feel bad for you :[
"is she leading me on?" is like one of the top questions in any advice thread.
i think that nobody would blame you or say anything if you cut ties.
there's so much stuff out there that just isn't appropriate to process at that age, and especially now that he knows how to search for this, i'd think about some steps to keep your kid have a healthy relationship with tech.
it sounds like she might need more care and supervision than she's getting.
anyone getting it on in the same room is subject to being noticed.
we keep our rabbits indoors and have them free roaming and like you've said they're quite low maintenance.
she had to be rushed to the hospital from there and learn she had to be on oxygen.
you want them happy and safe with someone who will actually treat them properly.
if you have fundamentally different political/world views there's an incompatibility there that would make it hard to maintain a long term relationship.
if your landlord refuses to shovel the snow and has an unenforceable/illegal clause in his lease, try contacting the [ontairo landlord tenant board]( and file a complaint.
you don't owe him an explanation like that
your girlfriend is the asshole for destroying a child’s keepsake scrapbook of their mother, regardless of how in/out of the picture she is.
it’s also worth noting that her best friend, not me, is her moh.
that said, be honest and open when breaking up.
not everyone is cut out for parenthood, and you aren't contractually obligated to be close to someone who has caused you pain in the past.
as long as you're upfront with the second woman that you're seeing someone else other than them.
i find it hard to believe that a trained mental health professional is asking reddit for advice.
first off, you are super valid in feeling disgusted at what they were saying.
have fun with your freedom and life my dude.
bills are due and late fees are expensive.
the money your aunt left was for you not for your mother.
pablo is coming off a little clingy and maybe overly friendly...
they were great kids and we really had no better options.
i mean you could ration that it's none of your business but his constant bragging and being so obvious about it kinda made it your business...
is not respectful of you or your relationship.
which i filled, receiving a hefty raise.
: she’s ditching you multiple times when you had plans in advance, to hang out with her other friend who judge her for dating you, and she lets that be the reason you’re not going?
is that a conversation you have had?
i am also very sorry to hear about your student.
btw- the manager sounds like a complete piece of shit.
i also have a phobia of ice.
your goals are not met by these classes, it happens.
stay away from the alcohol, and your life will be 100% better.* i don’t want to say you’re an asshole, but i understand why your roommate wants to keep to himself.
&#x200b; you can be both anxious and extremely self-centred and attention hungry, in fact a lot of people use their illnesses as a way to control those around them.
wait, i’m not really reading the asshole part..
do not let these people drag you back in.
why she gotta get in his face and go “he said you refused to replace his broken phone!” embarrassing, but
he’s a child that doesn’t understand money.
sometimes this is inevitable if she has to talk to you about work related things.
ignoring a rude behavior is acceptable.
- your sil is using a well known toxic person/manipulative tactic known as triangulation where she has a goal: she doesn't want "erin" as her sil.
failing this, see if there's a workers' union or something in your area that you can donate to to prevent negligence/accidents in the workplace and improve industrial standards in future
even the most perfect pregnancy is a huge ordeal to go through.
you deserve to do things for yourself without guilt, even if sometimes it conflicts with what should be done in an ideal world.
you are a kid, and you did much more than many adults would have done.
for your requests but for real you shouldn’t expose people to your contagious ailments.
and it's not like you ditched her for funsies; you chose to spend time with your own family.
sometimes i just feel like everyone is against me, i know nobody is, but i still tend to feel that way.
it didn't, she's hurt, but you're not an asshole.
let her make the next move.
if you're not happy and you argue over stupid things then maybe it is time for a break.
i was having a hard time deciding so i re-read the post a couple times.
i hope she doesn’t succeed too!
if it becomes apparent that a kid is standing there front of the class and isn’t prepared for *whatever* reason the teacher shouldn’t keep grilling them.
hopefully you can just speak with them reasonably, and let them know that while you appreciate helping out and spending your days with her, you need some time at night to unwind and relax as well.
it sounds shitty, but letting your dad take care of things as much as possible is probably the best thing for both of you.
, move to wherever you want to move.
if you know you can't offer support to a partner going through depression, you can't, but i think you're being unnecessarily judgmental because of a past experience.
i can feel your pain though.
i would have knocked him off his rocker too.
this is obviously something that should be discussed calmly.
if you had said something, you would have been the asshole, because if you trust her, it doesn't matter what he does, thinks or feels, because she is trustworthy.
but if you can explain how his behavior is hurting you, he might be able to see his addiction for what it is and start to take the steps needed to help himself.
she breaks something or messes something up, it's her obligation to clean, repair, or replace it.
l sounds like a huge douche and your friends prefer rugsweeping to rocking the boat.
but *you can’t save them,* especially not from the position you were in.
if he isn't going to sort himself out, you should absolutely distance yourself from his toxic attitude and behaviour.
best to tell them how you're feeling
your friend needs to tidy up even though she has allot of kids.
if you don't see it that way, tell her.
though her reaction depends on her personality.
i'm going to throw something out.
but you could maybe donate to that shelter if you can afford it.
i felt this way about your brother after reading this post.
you are not obligated to a relationship with bad family.
if she can't act normal without punching someone when they tell her to stop she obviously isn't getting the parenting she needs from her mother.
you handled the situation perfectly, imo.
it’s really rude of them to exclude your wife *and sons* in that way.
she is a total user and general shitpiece.
really have her understand your point of view, and listen to her when she tells you that she's actually enjoying it.
you guys are a team, you are asking for her help, and she is pouting and refusing to give it.
leave his manipulative abusive ass on read.
might be best to never speak to her again.
what did they do to deserve even that $1.
they cut, take your place back.
it shouldn’t matter if it happened already, you said this happens every once in a while.
if they’re okay with making you uncomfortable, you can make them uncomfortable by calling them out in it.
i don't think he really ever intended to pay you back with that history.
tell him that you really love him and that its not about him at all - it's about the ring.
i hate to admit it but it takes one to know one and it’s super obvious to me.
your dad felt like you felt superior to him and tried to prove you wrong by making you give in.
if you like stat-heavy, turn based, crpgs it might be right up your alley.
, your sex life is between the two of you, and is not anyone else's business.
someone else suggested phrasing it as a question, i liked that idea.
you're not wrong but it's definitely something she didn't want to hear.
i would understand the occasional call, but every single time is just too much.
maybe there is something you would find more agreeable to do?
best of luck to you both.
he's definitely being a dick by altering the deal after the fact.
not sure how to fix this tbh, but maybe you could preface interactions with the bf by going "sorry, i don't have time to chat, i have to __".
your man needs to grow a spine.
for not putting yourself at risk.
you've given her all the advice you can and now you're just repeating yourself.
i’m sorry you have to serve time but maybe you saved someone he could’ve gotten to in this time he’s been in the hospital.
sorry to say it, but it was practice buddy.
odds are that a lot of friends he has now won't really be friends in high school with him, especially if the middle school he goes too has an option to go to two+ high schools in the district once they pass middle school.
this reminded me of something i had read one time.
two lots of silence should be a clear answer bud.
next time you’re at a meal with them, i’d just serve your daughter yourself.
take your time to heal and if that means not being close with her for now then do that, but give her a second chance at some point.
it’s probably a crime too, to put workers in danger due to being too fucking cheap to buy enough containers for whatever nasty, weird chemicals you are making them expose themselves to.
since there are other available utensils, it shouldn't be that hard for him to not use the nice stuff.
i'd have got something else by then.
living with someone calls for small sacrifices here and there to make home life better for all.
you're not obligated to her in any way.
good grief just find a different yoga teacher.
there's no accountability, he could be gambling all the money away for all you know.
don’t give her the money and if it becomes too bothersome, point her to your hourly rates and tell her that you’ll pay her 5$ when she pays you for the job.
he’s manipulating you into believing that you are a horrible person.
i hope that everything goes well.
i have a neighbor who's car alarm goes off a few times a week for no apparent reason.
i’m a little surprised you’re not more irritated that he waited till you went to bed to sneak someone in after you specifically addressed it with him.
*edit* also, regarding your title: you didn't kick her out, her (previous) shitty behavior did.
please don't do anything unless you're sure you want to.
after my moms father died, her mother took all of his money and left her.
man i would be furious though i’d wanna take it up with r/legaladvice but i don’t think you wanna take this further?
however, if she did all her research, and all she did was want to purchase the tv, then i'd probably find a way to ring her up quick.
you gave it to your aunt under the agreement that she would pay you for it.
why can’t she visit you since she has more free time right now?
but most of all, look after yourself op and good luck with the job!
please don't let anyone shame you for trying to be better.
sounds like this guy is trying to take advantage of the situation.
you did not procreate, and don't owe it to her to take attitude from her when she is asking you for help with problems she herself created.
if i were in your spot, i would comprise and have a kid friendly ceremony and a no-kid reception.
if it’s a real problem between you two, talk to your ra.
and instead of apologizing to you, your roommates attacked you for your “irrational” hatred of mike.
she has some deep needs and it’s not fair for her to expect you to fix them for her.
this person seems like they didn't want to put in the effort but are now mad you didn't...
like others have said, you could've tried harder to pay, but you shouldn't have had to...
they made then what would be considered racist comments now when i was a child and i admonished them for it.
that’s different for everyone but to try to convince your friend too hard in the other direction may mean losing your friend.
but you should be prioritising your spending.
oh, and never talk shit about him to your wife.
you may be better of without until she wants to make time for you all and care for everyone and not just herself.
anything from cleaning up the house (even if it was already clean) to cooking a nice dinner to taking her on a date someplace fun and spontaneous.
couple that with the silent treatment and i can’t see how you can fully trust what he tells you about his trip.
but...out of curiosity, how would you have handled it if someone who didn't identify on the binary spectrum applied?
i'd probably say  it's not your bad for wanting your shifts as a manager to run smoothly as that it your job.
if you'd talk to him and let him know you're a little upset, i'm sure he'd change it.
his ticket issue is bullshit too.
i can understand why she didn't see a problem in sharing this information.
but seriously, i'm 16 myself and even i know this.
just saying, even if i were really drunk, i'd be pretty horrified about the thought of *removing a friend's means of escape from an uncomfortable situation.* i personally would feel pretty bad that this even happened on my watch, even if i didn't take part in it.
give her the chance to make amends, and if she does let it go...we all suck sometimes.
i do think you should tell her straight up how you feel about it and just have discussion.
if you had a weapon of some sort and they didnt explain, it could have ended badly!
don't let anybody tell you otherwise.
you sound like such a sweet, considerate person.
eta: i read some of your follow up comments and you should know that sabotaging your ability to work by hiding your keys, or phone, is abusive.
no matter how much you like her, you're just going to end up resenting her for not helping out but can't get her to move out because "where would i go?" and be stuck in this toxic mess.
but she may have felt that.
just because something is available to see doesn't mean you should look at it.
she’s not legally part of the family, they weren’t married.
&#x200b; like you may not be a asshole, but you could be overthinking it.
, her reaction alone shows that she's guilty about it.
i had already had my line changed a couple times and while i understood it was a necessary procedure, it wasn't something i exactly enjoyed and appreciated someone who was efficient and caused the least amount of discomfort.
if both of you work that much, she does the care of the children and everything else (not saying, questioning) then you are the biggest damn asshole.
you are funding their lives, that means you get a say.
you were gonna crack sooner or later, and you could've done so much worse to her.
you had to improvise with something that you assumed she would like but turns out she didn’t.
she abused the fact that her son died and pretty much killed a dog for her own selfish gain.
i'm going to go against the grain and say .
the bottom line here is that any notice you give them puts you in a precarious situation.
jesus, i don’t even know how you would fit time in your day for 50 active flirty friendships.
i could see how skipping straight to “i don’t want you to be here this weekend” vs “hey if you are coming this weekend, i’d like to do things a bit differently because of this thing that you know is important to me” would be hurtful.
she's hurt our family more than anyone else has, and still feels entitled to her authority.
you tried to do it legally via towing/police.
, your cousin faced no repercussions for what he did, and your family expects you to support him?
donate them to charity yourself instead of instructing the giver to do so.
she can’t blame you, you’ve offered to help her for free too.
lady, your marriage isn't on the rocks.
i'm sorry that your friend is putting you through this.
even so, intentions versus impact are important.
tim was a little older than the rest of my friends, two or three years and i met him through his younger brother.
you said the marina company guys have a reputation for being assholes and i seriously doubt any smart business owner wants their company being represented that way.
people drift away sometimes, thats just natural.
when people start backtracking on plans with "oh i might not be able to" out of nowhere i usually drop out of them.
- babies aren't everybody's favorite thing.
i mean, i wish you didn't have to give that ultimatum to your brother.
my ex was also fairly abusive if you could say that.
because you seem to only want whats best for your grandma.
so sorry to hear about your situation, your grandmother sounds seriously abusive.
it's kinda like seeing a nurse in scrubs waiting in line at subway.
puppies and dog breeding is not this cute "oh let's get doggo a wifey so he can have family" type of thing.
- it's your choice whether not you want to go on call, and dude #1 seems pretty toxic and controlling.
in the end, you just have to stand by your decisions.
um please don’t take offense, but is there any chance your ex and your mom are messing around?
when i was your age and unfortunately even older i had very much the same reaction to that kind of interaction.
you didn't approve the work being done.
so i understand why your mom would get stressed out by that.
i understand being protective, but i think you're going a bit overboard.
if she broke it or lost it, would she really pay to replace it?
like you said, there may not *be* a next year.
- he's an adult who can't "adult" yet (i hate that term) and he needs telling
you did the right thing by not telling them, obviously.
it was a special occasion and 38 for two adults and a kid at any sort of resteraunt is not a bad price especially if you had already budgeted for the event.
are there other difficulties in his life at play?
if not, and it's just a lack of sex drive, then you two aren't really compatible and you should try to break it off as friends.
i grew up with anxiety about “betraying” old friends by leaving them when i found people i got on better with, but eventually you realise that if those friends truly are your friends, they’ll support you and you’ll always have a place with them should you want it.
like when a friend starts a business, you only expect free goods or services, grinds my gears
i work a similar job and it’s not that big of a deal if you’re polite about it.
when i was in high school i had similar people i considered friends.
thanks for not being fine with that.
you're , but you definitely need to change your work habits or you're going to get fired.
this is comparable to the time commitment for a standard job that you have to commute to/from, so i'm thinking it is considered burdensome and unusual just because she works so little?
she couldnt be bothered to consider what might happen by having the two of you at the same party.
then make it clear to the both of them that you aren't interested in hearing about their divorce stuff, and they can talk to you only if they're not going to.
she went from 300 to 150lbs.
she's not wrong for asking, but she's wrong for getting mad when you say no.
i'm trying to be delicate here but you're probably just being used and she's with another guy.
- but you need to think about whether you really intend to get back together with your ex.
i wouldn’t continue that friendship without getting a sincere apology.
it might look petty depending on how recently you broke up but you’re not in a relationship with that person anymore, you don’t have to turn down this other person just because your ex doesn’t like them
if you dont like something, and you tell her, she needs to resprct your feelings.
you ex friend is acting crazy.
- i was in this situation a few times in college.
but sounds like your dad may have an opioid addiction.
this guy didn’t even keep the bird in its cage.
putting distance between you was good.
, he was gonna leave you with the triple rent so i wouldn’t stress it.
it would be one thing if slacker gave you their part a week in advance because then you should’ve given them an opportunity to fix it.
(obviously there are *some* exceptions.) and it sounds like she's going full bore choosing him over you.
the anti-vax movement is one of the largest anti-intellectual movements of this era.
she knows that you don't like it.
sounds like she's pretty defensive too.
seems pretty straight forward to me.
but they know better than to go into mommy and daddy’s room without asking anyway.
me and my wife have a 6 month old and we have zero expectations that anyone but us has a responsibility to take care of her.
why would you be an asshole for dropping a class?
people grow and change and not all friendships last.
although it's a nice gesture, you're not obligated to help strangers.
she flat out told me that she would ‘allow’ me to have alone time with my husband, but that she expected me to spend more time with her than my other friends.
maybe try finding something like a mutual hobby to talk about?
of course you're , even if you could've "said it better".
whoever said that to you is ta
your mom should be able to take care of a cat for less than a week, it's not that hard.
never in human history has warning a guy about a crazy girlfriend ever worked.
hormones wreak havoc on a woman's body and mind when she's pregnant.
it depends on what he's proposing, and how you "shoot him down".
he's treating you like a brother, so treat him like one too.
simply because we’re talking about the body.
people make it seem like you should forgive and forget "for your own sake" but no.
however, your employer might not want you to mouth off to customers.
you need to look after yourself first and foremost when it comes to matters like this, because if the shit hits the fan it could affect the rest of your professional career.
again, i’m a * i’m probably the last person they want to talk to.
but expecting you to magically know when to step in is completely unreasonable.
, but watch out for your emotional vulnerable young friend who’s in a new relationship with a real dick.
this is why i hate office gift exchanges.
telling them to fuck off just eggs them on.
a lot has changed since then.
i am getting the vibes that she only wanted to stay with you because you were a banker at the time.
not your fault, it's her mom's for not teaching her how to act.
have you considered having him do the driving on the way into the airport so that you only have to drive the car back?
she has a life of her own and if she can't babysit, she can't babysit, simple as that.
also you shouldn’t want to get a refund.
if so that might explain why your family doesn’t really understand where you are coming from and their attitudes.
if so you will go to news agencies about them.
if so, maybe compromise can be to get her some new friends?
she rose to the occasion when it mattered most, and that matters a lot more in this context than her actions when you're not involved.
it is easy & obvious to know when she is off of her meds.
you can be friends or not friends with whoever you choose.
also being a first time home buyer and not being able to live in the first home you buy sounds sucky...
sounds like he’s the asshole for not allowing you to play the game if he won’t.
it doesn’t sound like you were disrespectful.
i get that the dude is a piece of shit, and that you feel like you figured him out.
however, you need to game plan to make sure this doesn’t happen again.
change the subject, or pretend you don’t have time to chat right now.
hunger and cold are great motivators.
certain keys aren’t even working yet you’re expected to still play on it?
they agreed that bringing a cat into the home was fine, and by proxy, agreeing to the presence of a litter box and everything else that comes with having a cat in your home.
honestly i’d have clapped back at her comment if anything she the asshole.
i personally waited in the online ticket queue for a prime show for two hours before tickets were due to go on sale, and the best seats available to me were still in the second balcony level, on the side, halfway up.
your goal is not to give your colleague shift relief and while it’s nice to help out while you can, it shouldn’t deter you from moving on.
it doesn't happen that often in fairness, but when it does, no one can cope with it.
maybe i'm just a dick but once people hit a certain age (65-70?) they should be required to take their drivers test again.
you know, even if the sex was bad, that's really an honest reason.
eg could the two of you have a girly night the week before the wedding?
you get to know them, they get to see a normal relationship (you and your wife), and their mom gets the help she needs (it’s not about whether or not she deserves it).
, it didn't necessarily impact your co workers.
i don't believe her dog is actually a service dog.
if your sister views your mom in a similar fashion, but still thinks it’s worth the effort, that is her prerogative, but she shouldn’t force that on you.
if they say nothing is going on but you still see things being posted, then tell your parents.
also telling you your feelings are ridiculous is just hurtful and dismissive.
not sure why she’d want a blessing from someone who was cool with her getting kicked out.
you should be sticking to the quiet times you agreed on, but she also seems a bit overly sensitive.
and it's soley on him now.
, the suicide attempt (and how you glossed over it), speaks volumes.
i feel for parents with babies, i do.
you can have all the girl friends you want to and hang out with other girls as a group but i would never do it alone one on one.
you’re just being rude and disrespectful.
as it stands she's complaining about an easily resolveable thing and doing nothing about it.
that's the only thing you did wrong in this scenario.
but you're obviously not an asshole for not dating someone you're not attracted to.
, i've commented a lot on this subreddit and i most commonly advocate for open communication (which is what you did here)
she made her decision to hook up with your mate so it's entirely up to you if you don't want to be friends with her anymore
i also wouldn’t say that he’s in the wrong either.
that's not a minor cost for many people.
if it’s his first child, i can get some of his excitement over it and wanting to have a shower, but you still don’t throw people into the role who never asked to be there.
the sooner your friend understands that concept, the sooner they will stop their narrow way of thinking
i would suggest marital counseling asap
i'd try to talk to her more and make it clear why you don't want him there so she understands.
she regularly gets herself tested so she should be extra supportive that you did and understand that wanting to get tested does not automatically mean you think you have an std.
it sounds like he may not, and that you each may have different expectations about the relationship.
and b) why on earth do you want to expose your best friend to this witch of a woman?
but you’d be the asshole if you actually threw away family heirlooms, that’s pretty messed up.
they exist everywhere that winter exists in the usa.
if i was in your or your mum's situation i'd feel really similar.
you have the right to deal with your sexuality on your own terms.
if we're talking about friends, then she is out of line.
&#x200b; for a ring she has paid over 50 buchs on it definitely should not feel the way you are describing it.
for this dumbass story, but you are for posting a story where you were clearly in the right in a forum about moral dilemmas.
the problem comes when two people in a marriage feel differently about it.
it is the weekend and people might not answer the phone, but don't leave a voicemail or send an email.
if any argument involving her family can be ended with "respect my family and don't voice opinions" then it's a problem.
just the act of making her a snack or beverage, running her a bubble bath, whatever, will mean a lot to her.
- say something along the lines of "oh just wait until i get back, then i can give you two a full tour of the city!" see how fast he back-tracks then and you'll know exactly how he feels about you.
, it's a perfectly reasonable concern.
you can't train cats through punishment, so a shock collar is cruel \*and\* pointless.
but i would be annoyed too, if i was the only one who had to give up my room for guests.
not all ex's are horrible sometimes you just fall out of love and if that's what happened then they can stay as friends.
then you made the right call.
i don’t want to know shit about the people i work with.
your boyfriend seems like a self centered asshole.
yes i was a horny teenager too but i had decency not to do that in public.
i would move the hell out of there as quickly as i could because that situation is only gonna get worse.
sounds like she's been taking advantage of your good will for years, and you're probably better off having things ended.
if he didn’t really acknowledge the birthday / make you feel loved or get you anything while he had the means.
have alone time with just the 3 of you.
if you gift their kid some peanuts
the fact that the property was even still on the market makes you even less of an asshole, and compound that with topping up their gofundme is even more reason to not question your actions.
this sounds like an incredibly high pressure, emotional situation.
i have no doubt that she's had bad things in her life, but then most people have.
(except whatever you did that you don’t want to mention).
your parents and sister should have never placed you in the arrangement without consulting you and making sure you were okay with this situation.
if her son is too young to go into a restroom by himself, then she needs to take him with her into the women’s restroom, not follow him into the men’s room.
mostly because it's a video game, and you aren't actually shooting him.
it's not your job to parent or financially support a family yet.
, why can’t your either your mother or your father stay home to take care of the dog.
xyzall can only do so much.
i'm a sleep talker and occasionally do this to my so, god bless her for putting up with me yelling at her for burning my purple pants at 3 in the morning.
i think you're doing the right thing by helping your sister out and i do think in some way it's probably helpful for the nephew as well.
i’ve never heard the term backbite before i think i understand the meaning from context.
&#x200b; on a side note i use the following rule when it comes to holding open a door: "would this door completely close before they get to it otherwise?
i don't care how old you are, neither of them should be using you as a marriage counselor.
its amazing bookies are taking his bets.
i've always been attracted to skinny women.
i have always thought that the whole “flashy engagement ring” thing is so stupid.
could be a lot of things, really, but either way you're not the asshole.
- establishing boundaries is one of the best things a person can do and learn.
> like maybe a text an hour or 2 before she's at my doorstep dropping off the kids.
lord knows if he’s that fabulous of a person, it probably would not be a fun wedding to attend in the first place.
making people redundant is never, never a fun time, even when you don't like the person, and even when they deserve it; but sometimes, it's just gotta be done.
yes he might do more work but you stand to lose more because it's my understanding it's your room that you have on airbnb so if a guest was to break something that's one you to fix and if you have a rental bond or safety deposit you are the one risking not getting that back.
there is no cure for ms.
next time fasten the whole desk to your back and bend backwards.
almost every community prohibits excessive, unnecessary, and unreasonable noise.
sure, not everyone would’ve said something, but you definitely didn’t do anything wrong.
i personally would consider going nc.
in fact, telling him how he should spend his money is just going to backfire on you.
she should be comfortable with going somewhere with you.
if someone is repeatedly ignoring your request, then its time to be offended, since they are showing a lack of respect at that point.
they don’t throw a past good deed they’ve done for you in your face.
and it’s not like you would never see them again, or like you abandoned them.
, and here’s an important point - just because someone’s feelings got hurt doesn’t mean you did anything wrong.
security should have kicked her out long before that
original tenant can't keep holding up other people's lives bc they need more than 6 months to figure their shit out.
christmas is a time for family and people you care about and she probably feels hurt by this and betrayed.
well people have gotten arms broken over spoons in my home.
i don't share food with someone i don't love.
in your situation, you need to set clear boundaries when it comes to food.
in my opinion you are .
her bullying from drugs convinced me that i wasn't worth living.
you will have to help her the whole way through it.
i know it may be awkward, but it could just be a short phone call.
not going above and beyond doesn't make you an asshole.
but at this point, they're just taking advantage of you.
that’s not school behavior or anywhere behavior really
start working with a lawyer now so this will all be ready to go come warmer weather.
she probably thought you agreed to stop, or that it was heavily implied.
your mother's an addict and you absolutely should not give her money towards it, and because of that, no, you should not trust her with money.
she's just gross and lazy, and people like that rarely change.
it’s play hard or go home.
i have tattoos as well, and it drives me fucking crazy when people think that gives them the right to grab me as they see fit.
that day off is essential, caretaker fatigue is real and you would think assisted living facilities who see the breakdown of caregivers would understand that.
you had a medical problem (mental health is just as important as physical health) and sought and are continuing to seek appropriate treatment.
immediately inform your daycare that your mil is restricted from picking up or visiting your child.
the fact that she already cheated automatically makes it , dude.
she'll just have to get over it.
my mum had tons of experience in the child support field and had me and 2 older sisters and an older brother before we got my little brother.
i understand you are upset with sister, but is it worth not seeing your niece?
stick up for him if he was being bullied, say hi to him and talk to him sometimes etc but you don't have to pander to problem behaviour like this.
so these were my last christmas there, i am being invited every christmas and easter holidays, but always politely say: no, these times are for me to rest with myself.
at no point should the server argue with a customer.
all it takes is practice and preparation, and, since you were one of the few who did the reading, i assume you're capable of preparing for things.
you are well within your bounds to not be okay with a situation like this, but not to forbid her from going (which you apparently aren’t).
your family seems to be the ones who are the assholes.
/shp no you know you aren't and this is equivalent to making fun of someone for being frugal or poor
that's a better reaction than meg led you to believe.
why would you do that for someone else lol
all it means is you still love the person you fell in love with.
if she cannot have a 5 month long distance relationship then she is not a keeper.
> refuses to flush i'm just gonna stop reading right there and declare
water bowl needs to be somewhere the dog has consistent access to (not outside).
he kicks you out when he fails to follow through with his word and you try to discuss that.
if you haven't posted certain photos/information about your child, what makes your mother think that she has the right to?
entitlement mentality can go screw off.
she wouldn't want you to get sick right?
as for the leaving without telling her thing - that is a bit of a dick move, mostly the not telling her part.
a friend shouldn’t be demanding your time or making you feel guilty when they keep crossing a line.
you didn’t pump her full of hormones.
this is what you will have to do for the rest if your life if you decide to go your families route.
for the jealousy but perhaps a little for the resentment.
his argument doesn’t even make sense.
- your mother is jealous, controlling, and manipulative, and needs to chill.
i'm sorry your mother is making you uncomfortable, but you are absolutely well within your rights to draw a firm line right now.
that said you cannot dictate to bf how *he* should feel or act.
i have seen lots of deliveries (am an anesthesiologist) where one or both of the parents don't want any family/friends in the room.
but some dogs are just "broken".
at the moment but trying to tell him how to live his life will change that.
but when i had discussions with him about how uncomfortable it made me, he thought that was what i was accusing him of.
i sort of throw that out there as a blanket thing because if you have insecurities that affect relationships you should probably see someone about them so they're fixed and you have a happier life
, they might hate you but i mean shit you are responsible they arent
i'm sure it puts him in an awkward spot if you were hanging out and both talking about what to do to get that job.
but she has to respect her marriage too.
damn you can't even go to the bathroom?
your man, however, sounds like a mopey child.
focus on her while she’s feeding the baby - ask if she needs a drink or a snack.
i would only caution that when it comes to major decisions that would affect your relationship with your so that you make sure you can openly communicate about things in an even manner.
if you want to go to this event, your parents may be able to handle the bus on their own if you pick them up from the final stop.
i think this goes under , but i could be wrong.
some people are better at socially dividing their time than others, so without knowing dan it's hard to know where he falls on that spectrum.
that's a pretty big ask though, and while you're probably no angel i think it's a bit much to call you an asshole over it.
or teaching you how to make money while doing it.
try to reiterate your conflicting schedules and keep your head down for now, but do not purposefully burn any bridges.
you gave him his book back along with amazon funds to buy a new one.
anytime someone says something along the lines of "you make me want to kill myself", you run far far away from them
she obviously knew to stop when you showed up and refuses to take ownership.
i don't think either of you seem to be the asshole here...
eh, i'll be the "i am vegan so i'll give my opinion too." it's hard for (usually new) vegans to communicate to other people how they feel about killing animals.
however, i would start looking for a new place to stay or new roommates.
it would be a cost of the travel.
there is a lot of hypersensitivity about race now adays which sometimes is a good thing.
he shouldn’t have sprung that date on you and tried to make a move.
first off, it might be a situation where we may need more info about *how* your dad tries to control you and how/why he would disagree with you living with your aunt and uncle during college.
you can be bitter, or you can be the nice good guy.
but sounds exhausting i would just ignore him
why on earth should you have cried?
but just to cover your back make sure you send her something in writing saying that you will be throwing it out if it's not collected by january 1.
there's a whole other argument for whether or not you should be smoking at all, but in the current context you are .
maybe write him a postcard after the fact if you feel like you need to inform him of the dog’s passing.
i personally would pick option 1.
spring break at a mid-sized airport 20 minutes from take off and still in the security line.
- you were on your property with your dog.
you have every right to know, especially if you plan on having children with this man.
you're a 23 year old kid, not a father of three.
i'll ask the kid what their parents have taught them about talking with people they don't know.
take this as a guy who also wants to be tattooed like a "prison gangster".
he’s got a child, is living rent free with your parents and spends all of his money on weed?
if i don't respect myself enough to take time to focus on what i need to give myself then i can neither expect to be able to tell others what i am needing nor can i realistically expect to take care of anyone else who might need me.
the only time it might be a bad idea is if you tend to overstep consent boundaries when drunk.
- you explained to your boyfriend how this makes you uncomfortable yet he let him in.
you weren't even being mean about it, you were just poking fun at the situation.
but instead of berating your parents (which doesn’t seem to work) i think you should have a heart to heart with your sister.
it would be unfair to the kids.
ask yourself: would you want to know if she'd have stolen in the past when you hired her?
the only way i'd say you were an asshole was if you were rude to the guests that were invited.
you're supposed to choose people who love and support you unconditionally, and who you feel 100% comfortable with.
plus his reaction to being denied make it even worse.
and while representing a company, you should not act indecently like he is (regardless, but if he really had road rage like that, on company time is the worst time to do it.) it also does not help that he then started driving dangerously risking a collision.
they also said nothing to you about making the cat potty outside, which is absolutely absurd and potentially dangerous for your kitty.
after he had time to settle down, he not only stubbornly defended his initial reactions, but then doubled down and put all of the blame on you.
many hands make for light work.
first, let me say that i smoke a lot of weed.
- be glad you're done with him.
there's clearly a rubric in place for passing.
a good solution might be limiting visitors to something like one weekend a month with your boyfriend agreeing to help you clean and disinfect after or simply asking them to get an airbnb, since that's at least cheaper than a hotel.
at the end of the day it’s your wedding and your day.
they can come to the next thing.
go do something small and nice for yourself, by yourself.
you shouldn’t be expected to blindly follow whatever your parent says.
i wish you all the strength and courage to stand for what's yours.
totally reasonable to not want her there.
you shouldn’t sacrifice your education just so your wife can get a dog, and to take a disagreement like this to the point of “i’m sleeping in the other room and withholding sex from you until you give me what i want” is quite frankly abusive.
he needs to learn: don't hit innocent animals when they aren't doing anything wrong.
it won’t be your problem as you didn’t invite her personally.
there’s nothing wrong with you telling him that you’re uncomfortable either.
my mom can't keep _anything_ to herself, she tells random people about my (treated and controlled) mental illnesses and chronic illness, and uses them to get sympathy from others.
but also info: what exactly is this “mental illness”?
, clearly the class is not a supportive one for all members so get out, before it makes you more angry, the other ppl are the assholes(popular ppl) for just being overall not nice
i never recommend doing the weird "you pay x bill and i'll pay y bill and we'll split z bill and maybe it'll even out in the end" junk though.
your so needs to stop being so sensitive.
sure op should put a stop to this guy communicating with her, but that doesn't change the fact that this is harassment.
a good caterer can do a lot without meat, and you'll almost certainly save some money.
you invited your uncle to stay at the cabin because you wanted to give him an option for free accommodation while he was in town.
he probably thinks he looks really cool in the sports photo.
you’ve made no commitments to her over and above being her friend, and there is no requirement for you to do anything for her.
you can ask that if she doesn’t like what you’re making, she waits until after you’re done, but that’s pretty much it.
that should be something they're super-prepared to deal with as well.
yes it’s nothing wrong with helping but it seems like she doesn’t even try and wait for you to feed her with a silverspoon.
if you want your family to have a different perspective of you, then you need to talk to them.
if you're already doing that i got nothing.
you're unsure how to deal with it and that's okay, but avoiding your problems rarely makes them go away.
the friend zone does not exist and you don’t owe him shit.
i think you are right in cutting them off.
she sounds quite hormonal and emotional, she could be feeling hormotional due to pmt.
while that was nice to have their affection, i was so worried that they might come to me...
live it the way you want to.
isolating partners from other people (you said you don't have many friends around?) is one of the first and biggest red flags for future domestic abuse.
, the other commenter said you're partially an asshole for ruining the other restaurant-goers' dinners, but imo it was worth ruining one night for strangers to get that off your chest.
if someone doesn't want to surprise you with shit then they're a scrub or they just self-absorbed
be the better man and just move on.
why does she need it open anyway?
try to think of the little achievements you've done so far.
have you looked in to this?
, but damn, dude, you handled this really poorly.
there could be room for some self-analysis here though.
i often had privatelessons because of this.
sure, he may just want you to get good grades, but he could really want to help you, and might get hurt if you tell him he is disturbing/making you forget material.
like you said, if she would have just taken it back and corrected it, she'd have been tipped.
i would be seriously concerned with a much older person dating someone that is barely legal.
it would be nice if your sister gave your wife something (maybe a $100 sephora gift card, for the cosmetics) to indicate that she's sorry and would pay the whole thing if she could afford it.
maybe you and the cousin can move out together and be roommates.
you've got to lay all your cards out on the table to make them hear you.
they can appear quite normal to someone who has lived it.
he said he wanted you to die and is abusive.
this can be the kind of event that it takes years to figure out how it changed you.
you didn't ask to be born.
your mom essentially gave you the go-ahead on it, and if she's going to "die on that hill", you might as well make it clear you don't approve of him if he continues to do certain things.
i'm vegetarian with an omni family, but i show respect for them by going to places they like where all i can eat is a sad veggie wrap, and they show respect for me by going to vegetarian places once in a while.
you need to have a serious talk with your husband because this?
there are loads of people she can talk cars with.
and i am sure they appreciate you even considering those kids gifts, since they're not technically family and live so far away.
although she offered to pay, it’s unlikely you will ever see the money.
that woman seems super passive aggressive following you then complaining to him about what you post.
your mil needs to grow up and use her words and be a more gracious person.
it's understandable why you don't want to do the hobby with her.
it sounds like you are not very close with this friend, and have very understandable reasons for not going to the wedding.
who owns/is on the lease to the place?
keep the thought to yourself and no one gets hurt.
if you want to stop being treated like a doormat, get up off of the floor.
if you want to still help: are there any behind-the-scences/in advance jobs that need to be done for this event you could volunteer for?
: forgive me if i'm wrong but it sounds like you have anxiety.
honestly man do yourself a favor and go without her.
however, it all comes down on her and her desire to better herself as a person.
he could at least stop by and hand you supplies at the door instead of just saying you should probably get it
and all this after taking her to europe on holiday???
this is seriously unhealthy behaviour as an adult but since your not an adult your not an asshole
if you dont want to give up freedoms for the next few years to be with her, then thats fine.
- if someone puts something out in the public sphere then one has to expect people to challenge it.
libido slumps with a lot of males around middle age, and there may be underlying medical/psychological issues that havent been addressed.
and obviously getting mad at you because she feels unsure/guilty about her choices.
you need to push the mental health plan more.
surely your mil can find other ways to be satisfied in life other than pining for grandchildren.
my ex had me rid my life of all things related to previous lovers.
if you saw the little girl holding her arm like it was hurt than it is better to be safe than sorry if you got the genuine feeling that something was wrong.
- coming out is a difficult and personal thing.
it wasn't working and you were strong enough to recognize it and make the necessary (if painful) decision.
go work on your life, find a partner and settle down in 7 or 8 years.
is it worth taking him to court?
i ended up "giving up" after only an associates degree, and honestly that's one of the better decisions i ever made.
every now and then i get this huge urge (feels like an itch) to give a big reveal and i ask myself what purpose it would serve other than myself.
walkways should be clear - so your mailman can walk up and deliver things for you.
i’d say  in my personal opinion.
&#x200b; age of consent in italy (assuming that's where you were) is pretty damn low; and you were both drinking/drunk.
your friend needs to calm down a back off.
no energy to go through it all with yet another person right then.
, i don’t like those pushy sales tactics.
she's probably oversharing because she's excited to find out that she's still attractive and worth the interest, but she needs to filter that a bit.
i’d say you’re being a supportive, responsible parent looking out for your child’s best interest and completely excluding your own— which is every struggling kid’s dream, really.
all in all, she seems pretty immature and selfish.
absolutely unequivocally  at the end of the day it’s not your dog.
you're well within your rights to sever connections you feel could be detrimental to your wellbeing.
he sounds toxic as all get out.
i think you feel disappointed because you had expectations and compared your family’s actions to other families.
putting it in a strangers can after pickup is a huge asshole move.
however, i wouldn’t peg him as an asshole because it doesn’t seem from your story that he’s made your friends uncomfortable.
he’s an adult no need to guilt trip people to go places they don’t want to go.
you gave a gift on her behalf.
i like r/momforaminute and r/offmychest, they are the most positive support subs i've been to.
, it's actually rude to bring a pet into someone's home without their explicit permission, and it definitely isn't necessary for him to bring the dog to have dinner with you.
your mom should pick up that bible of hers and read the passage that goes a little like "judge lest ye be judged" because im sure shes no 10 out of 10 either.
but there’s so much variety and history in our culture, it’s important to be mindful of that and not chalk it up to “well you chose to get tattoos...
plagiarism is a serious offense, and she was prepared not only to commit it, but to fuck you over in the process.
the vet bill however, you did sort of choose you could have immediately taken him to a shelter.
most people wouldn't feel entitled to something used as a treatment for a medical condition they don't have and another person does.
just put the milk away if you're done using it.
heck, sometimes that’s still how i am.
you can’t expect gratitude from someone who doesn’t want what you’re giving them.
i also believe he should have declined the invitation.
have you even done any research on france?
it's your money, you control how it's spent.
that being said, when we were kids, we would flush my dad's cigarettes in the toilet to get him to stop smoking.
but still it seems he lacks a little empathy.
he's a very smart manipulator and nothing you do or say will register with your parents because he's clearly got them all wrapped up in a bow and nothing he says can be wrong.
sounds like your father-in-law is in denial about himself not being in shape, but that's just what i can see.
i am concerned about the debt.
for someone with ed i could see it being just that much worse because they know there *is* a problem, often times that we're too embarassed to get actual help for.
my little brother is 16 now and he is doing great.
the only asshole here is them.
get out of the toxic situation.
for caring but it can't be easy to hear from someone you don't know that the person you're high on is really bad for you.
you do not need to be lectured, nor do you need to tailor your social media posts to meet your mother's approval.
does he have a diagnosis for which he’s been treated or is this just an excuse for being an abusive ass hole?
telling kids they can’t talk about something that’s perfectly appropriate?
you should have made a more specific agreement.
religion is a touchy subject but if the parents don't want religion in the child's life, it shouldn't be in the child's life.
holy shit your friend is toxic as fuck.
geniuenly, i think your dad's a selfish asshole and his girlfriend sounds like a nightmare.
i am serious - you are signing up for a life of misery if you stay with this girl.
i really don’t think you’re doing anything wrong by not giving out candy but the “back in my day kids were tougher” attitude is annoying.
for feeling grief and jealousy, but you’ll surely be the asshole if you actually say hurtful things to your sister.
if you do take the friend, she will want to do stuff with her and will be fine if you want to go do something else.
, cut this toxicity out of your life and get/stay sober.
the reason why she is now trying to bring you affection is because she either is trying to leech off you, or is trying to make everyone that knew her have a “good” reason to remember her.
i can't stand the loud noise and crowds for long so i tend to wander off for a bit here and there, with a little assurance that i'll come back.
they are being rude, and you have every right to protect your girlfriend from continual harassment like this.
he should be responsible and hold himself accountable.
imo , but i'm an introvert so this could be biased.
the way i see it, there are two conflicting elements to this story: your brother's distaste for the skis, and the employee's apparent frustration with him for not agreeing to a sale.
my big questions is a) why on earth were you okay with them running a freaking background check on your best friend?
does she have a reason to not trust you?
your hatred of mike is entirely rational.
they're worried because they can probably tell something is "off" and can't tell what, exactly.
you're ex and an ass, you're old mutual friends are asses(at least in this) you've been broken up for months you can have a boyfriend or lots of boyfriends it is no longer his concern.
all you can do is your best, and park relatively intelligently relative to the other cars.
i never go to these things unless they are during work hours and definitely  if you have to pay for it!
play stupid games win stupid prizes.
she must have been around 2-4 perhaps, was fixed and generally friendly.
if you know her parents to be the type who'll be entirely sympathetic and in no way judging or condemning, then that's a different story, but that's not a common stance, except amongst those who do, or have taken drugs or are close.
bringing your girlfriend with to make it less weird is perfectly accommodating.
>​aita for suggesting he see a therapist instead of relying on me for everything?
my husband has a terrible younger sister and we didn't go to her wedding.
your parents need to mind their own pockets instead of yours
you can choose to interpret it as everyone is either disinterested in/disliking you.
i agree she could have given you a hug, especially since she was hugging her other friends, but you probably fall into a different category, so the pda rules for you are different, and she expects you to know that.
just don’t do anything about it or you’ll become the asshole.
if you want them to pay, you should have discussed it in advance and let them know how much before spending the money.
maybe next time you could go to the bathroom then magically it's ok to be on your phone.
youbspend so much of your life in a job, part time or full time.
find a job doing something you love, and you will never work a day in your life..cliche, but true
but you will have to be tactful how you explain why so not to hurt her feelings.
when i think back on the my parents had about me not only going to college but going to the right college, it all seems a little...silly, honestly.
ask why she's doing what she's doing, ask her if there's anything you can do to help.
&#x200b; on the flip side, she is an adult and will make whatever decision she wants.
they didn't do anything to confront the shoplifter either, so by their own logic couldn't *they* be in league with the thief?
it hurts when you think you have one only to be let down.
and if they are not going to be helpful, i'd suggest doing an ancestry dna kit.
, but you handled it like an asshole.
you’re hurt by your mothers actions.
if you can’t agree on the level of support you’ll provide his parents/your mother, that seems like a major incompatibility.
it's not your fault he cant go, and he shouldn't punish you for that.
he can now speak sentences and be understood 90% of the time.
she did it behind your back knowing it bothered you.
this means, bare minimum, having some poo\~pourri to spritz the bowl with before pooping, but it could and probably should also include either avoiding the food that causes problems, or taking digestive enzyme supplements to help your body handle it better.
you absolutely shouldn't have canceled and assumed that he would pay you back.
that said, ultimately, you have to protect yourself edited to
you need to get yourself out of that situation as quickly as possible and suicide is never the option!
don’t let people guilt you into spending money when you don’t need to.
as for the asthma, she should be on a preventer (steroid inhaler), to manage it.
in the real world people communicate if they expect to have a healthy, fruitful relationship.
you can legally push the landlord to make your apartment meet the legal levels.
your fiancé needs to support you.
you find out, she doesn't know how to cope, and acts cold.
the parent needs to know about this type of behavior anyway.
it’s not good to keep things bottled up inside.
however, i’d suggest to proceed with caution, because though she expresses her issues differently, she might still have something going on.
rob sounds like a nightmare hire based on how you are describing him.
don't force yourself to take it.
you took option 2 and kept your self respect.
this is rude as fuck of him.
he was using guilt tripping to try to keep you with him, he is the asshole in this scenario.
you can do what you want with it.
he should have planned better and worked harder to complete it.
if he cant control that dogs behaviour, perhaps he shouldnt have it...
teachers should not teach political opinions.
i'd tell the guy "hey, i've got a bunch of leftover wings if you want them?" he can accept or decline.
he used the bill money on alcohol and needed more money to pay his bills.
i'm pretty sure the original girl ghosted you due to lack of sex.
one more day surely isn't a problem, but it's a control mechanism.
as much as his mother having surgery may be distressing for him, you have no responsibility in this scenario.
because in addition to feeling crappy, you also have the messed up thought processes.
if they're still dating, i would first confront her boyfriend and then avery.
how do you think she would react if you proposed to do just that, but take ends meet she would have to get a real job?
your dad sounds like a narcissist.
run as far as your can.
, but perhaps you two just aren't meant to be if you cannot both agree on this.
you do not need your mom or your sister to validate your feelings.
this is work for him, he's not just fucking around.
feeling silly for having feelings and bottling it up is how miscommunication and serious rifts form.
or both you and your parents?
you were just trying to do your incredibly stressful job and a police officer was interfering in a situation where people needed help.
you and your friend thought your parents shared details.
but you're  for feeling weird about it/being worried on how it might effect the friend group
so you end up in a situation where he feels like he’s accommodated you, but you feel like your needs still aren’t being met.
i really think you need to voice your concerns to him now.
- after 1-2am fireworks are done imo + you're pregnant so that can't make it any better.
your husband is being a prick.
>i expressed to him a couple of times the concern that he wasnt attracted to me and that at least part of the issue was with me.
but if he had money to smoke weed and drink i wasn't going to not get my money.
&#x200b; if you really want it to change, you could offer to help her.
demanding someone time two weekends in a row is pretty outrageous
^ your keyboard seems broken, you can copy/paste this.
can't eat your cake and have it too.
sarah made a commitment to you.
no replies to the people asking what you do in the household.
if they don't like it, they can not fucking park in reserved spaces.
you were both talking about "controversial stuff" so she should have been ready to hear an opinion that she didn't agree with, that's what discussions are all about after all
buuut you could have judy agree to using it for credit on your rent.
i think you should try to start a dialogue with him about the ways his excessive gaming has hurt you and the family, rather than trying to start down the route of setting hours.
i'm sure your boy understands that your brother likes him less.
it's crazy to me that you even half to ask.
being close to your family is one thing, but involving them in your relationship is a choice your girlfriend is making, and it's one that could get more complicated every day that goes by.
and there are just some workplaces that are like that.
it's normal to want some time to yourself.
and don't be afraid to start the conversation, you are paying them to provide you a service.
it would have cut you without a second thought if the time came and payroll expenses were a concern that needed to be reduced.
everyone has their limits, and this seems to be beyond his.
there isn't a parent alive who hasn't said or done things they regret.
if she wasn't the "motherly type" previously, she won't be this time either.
, keep ghosting until you're served with a lawsuit.
but now that that's over, he's just hanging on to the lie because he doesn't want to be caught on that too.
(the rest of the cars are irrelevant.
your brother is in a tough spot, but he is a grown man who needs to get his priorities in order.
it's easier for her to find fault in your decision than to look at the bigger picture.
i think coming to the decision yourself by research, evidence, and your own moral compass is much more effective than being beaten over the head with the outcomes of your decisions.
is this the only occasion when he blows up at you?
more over, her issues mean she's a class a user by default, and she'll use you up too if given a chance.
i'd avoid giving your name or the place you work if possible.
it's her responsibility to get help for her anxiety issues from trained professionals (if they are so bad that it's affecting her daily functioning, which it sounds like it is); going untreated and pushing the blame for her actions on other people is unfair to literally everyone in the situation, and her friends are doing her no favors by enabling her.
sounds like she could use a break.
at all, it’s complete fine to watch video games.
in fact i believe that's what you legally should do because if this happens again and your daughter gets seriously hurt/killed you can face criminal charges if it's happened before.
again, i think she's just excited a d getting back into the swing of the dating world, but she should reel it in a bit.
they need to teach their little fucks to have manners.
when i was a bride, i actually covered some of the expenses of my bridesmaids because their company was the most important thing to me.
and it's not reasonable to assume that water park access would require a room rental, or that you would realize this after being told that he's staying at his brother's.
did you hide your previous bf from your mom?
i had a similar issue when my wife and i got married.
you gotta get away from this guy.
whether he's the asshole or not would be me taking a guess.
and not getting loved generates dysfunctional behaviours that only a professional psychotherapist and a lot of ego work can solve.
also, i don’t at all understand the comment about dogs not being humans and not throwing away your relationship over a dog.
maybe they can kick out the old management and replace them with people like you who legitimately care for the wellbeing of others.
if you cheat on your partner, what's stopping you from being dishonest to others close to you?
there's a difference between being supportive and being an enabler.
either don't loop them in on decisions or for the love of peace, just do what they tell you.
also the way she talked to you was very rude
- good on you for trying to be considerate of other people who are also out trying to enjoy the evening.
- you told her what you wanted and why & that it was a deal breaker for you.
even if it didn't impact you there's a good change it will impact someone else.
that way there's both love and money to spare.
say no from the get go.
obviously, i'm 19 and my dad is always trying to tell me how to cut my hair, it's annoying as fuck.
why would you accept something you didn’t order?
she snooped your phone, you made great plans, and frankly she’d be expecting it anyway whenever you go anyplace nice from here on out.
you don't need to approve of their decision, but you can support them as a friend.
just be glad neither of you were hurt.
it's important to clear big luxury purchases with the spouse.
saying things like that is really messed up and it’s not something anyone should hear from their parent.
he's not rational about this, racists never are.
because for some reason she is rotating trash bags in and out of storage instead of filling them and throwing them out like everyone else on the planet?
you could have been moving for a million reasons not related to his smell; you like working out better when you can't see someone else running, you're allergic to his cologne, etc.
i know you didn't call him an asshole, just saying.
, but it's not going to be helpful if you he needs to tone it down.
be safe, be smart, and wait another year or more if you have to.
also, what internet provider do u use?
if the relationship is toxic for you, it's toxic for you.
your parents want you to follow their plan (as to be expected) to see you succeed: in this sense "success" being a well paying job and becoming fully independent.
headline: baby hospitalized with severe respiratory issues after parents visit family in home covered in drug residue and animal waste, with history of violence.
him trying to use the friend card after he failed to put in the bare minimum of effort is just a deflection to distract from what a shitty businessperson he is.
- i’ve had the same friends for 10 years as well.
feelings don’t make you an asshole, actions do.
talk to your parents on your own while she is at work.
also, it's not your fault her husband is too lazy to drive.
don't do it because your girlfriend doesn't want you to, respect her wishes.
make sure you’ve told him everything that you wrote in this thread, he has a right to know.
even so, next time, just confront the issue head on rather than semi-ghosting him.
first of all who puts a megaphone in their car?
admittedly, having your s/o move in after 4 months is a bit early, and i think your mother could have handled this better by introducing him to you slowly and given you more of an adjustment period before he properly moved in.
, and i would absolutely change the lock, but understand that this means you're going to have to show up to let her into the unit at some point.
i think the hotel is a wonderful idea, and if they start to question you about it you can give them a sassy remark about how you and your bf get a little bit "too loud" to sleep around company.
if he can’t do that, it’s a sign.
due to that, kinda think it’s a shp because whose gonna think you’re an ass for this?
if he wants to provide for his kids, he shouldn't be day drinking.
there's not much you can do to help her see the light, so if you do invite her it's likely she'll bring your dad no matter what you say or do.
well, i say, if there's really nothing wrong here, then why can't she just explain that to her husband?
i do this with my wife all the time.
you’re gonna feel how you’re gonna feel but not everyone celebrates birthdays or sees them as things that need to be this whole to-do.
this guy intentionally called your bf “ur friend” after you clearly stated they’re your partner.
this was your day to do however you pleased.
you are under no obligation to share with them just because they don't want to spend money on their own stuff.
, seems like you dodged a bullet mah dude.
you can’t control it.” it being your friends addiction, and subsequent dangerous behavior.
many psychologists says that there are multiple different ways to express love, and perhaps he isn’t as receptive to the quality time together as to other expressions of love
telling him he runs the risk of no one wanting to play with him anymore because his attitude and competitiveness ruins the fun for the team is actually helpful advice.
some twat at work has no right to police your face.
you don't have to be friends with someone when the friendship hurts you.
they can be taken the wrong way (like in this situation)
if you trash them online, they can make it tough for you with maintenance and other things.
do not fuck around with bedbugs.
i always say that one can forgive a lot with parents but never them not trying their best and hardest.
did he want you to move out too??
just take it as a learning experience in the importance of communication.
mainly, a culmination of things lead up to just depleting my entire enthusiasm for the trip.
perhaps keep this in mind for future conversations like this?
, and i would say your mom needs to learn the true ~~definitely~~ definition of "emergency", except that i doubt she sincerely thought that.
a) it's hard to interject when people are already in the middle of a conversation or know each other.
you can spend your time however you want.
agreeing to disagree is one thing, but insulting is another.
and jeez just let him go, you’ve broken up 10 times for a reason and i see why.
to top it off he made you walk over an outburst, which is shitty, because he knows how stressed you are.
if i send you to the bar, i will give you cash.
it’d be different if she came over for dinners or park dates or whatnot when you or your wife is watching the child, but you didn’t indicate that she does that.
before you step in someone's marriage and start stirring bullshit and flinging accusations, you had better seen it first hand.
you're allowed to be annoyed, op.
sometimes doctors don’t have the equipment to do a test and send people off to a hospital where they have more equipment.
you need your time and space then you take it.
what they are doing is bullying, and it should be dealt with.
not just telling him you don’t want him doing this but about how the other people are going too far and bringing you into their fight and how it makes you feel?
but i see that it is far from all expenses paid.
if she can’t control hers, not your problem.
but, you should at least check to see if it has been chipped when you take it to the vet to get checked out.
i would have left the relationship too, there are way too many red flags with ur ex
david bowie likely had a more significant impact on you, and the world lost someone who had made great contributions.
you have no obligation to do so, of course, but it might save your friendship.
it's inhumane to encourage unhealthy large populations of cats just because some people like to see them around.
she sounds possessive and scary as hell.
(second edit- they shouldn't based on their enabling but i'm just making a point that their arguments are invalid)
does this car regularly park there, or is the first time they've pulled this?
you might not want to tell him that directly, maybe with a counselor.
for someone who networks with talented individuals in the corporate ladder for a living, i know this kind of thinking applies to friendship circles as well: make bridges whenever you are able.
worse than that, she completely lied to be with someone else.
did her parents fall on hard times?
i posted mine a few hours ago.
it was a joke and it literally had nothing to do with race.
if he can't see why that makes it a sore spot for you, then he's not very considerate.
stability and consistency are *very* important!!
&#x200b; yeah, it sounds like she has some serious issues she needs to work out.
mike endangered you, your roommate, himself, and the police officers you called by combining booze with a loaded weapon.
parents don't get a free pass.
, if you aren't attracted to fat people you aren't attracted to fat people.
my rule is, if i can't afford to give it away, i can't afford to "lend it".
honestly this job sounds like a really great opportunity for you and your family.
but if it's been years and she hasn't changed and also doesn't see the need to change...
make no mistake, even if they hadn’t had sex yet, they were having an emotional affair and it likely would have turned physical eventually.
i hope things change, in a positive way, very soon for you.
the friend isn’t covering the gf, you both are in this case.
the moment you stopped, she no longer appreciated what you did for her.
i regret the choice of my words there.
i personally wouldn't believe him that it was you that inspired him to leave his wife.
i may get downvoted for this, too, but your boyfriend needs to step the fuck up.
- her training shouldn't come at the expense of your sandwich
i try to have random times when we all just leave our loved ones at home and have a good old fashioned time.
you don't have to be her savior.
if your brother wants to bring her as his plus one then so be it.
it's not easy but it's the decent thing to do and he should respect you for it.
by all means, if an elderly person is falling all over themselves out of breath i’ll have them go ahead of me or help them out to their car but a majority of them just have a sense of superiority and entitlement.
honestly, i kind of do this to but i wait a couple of years for a game to drop 75% and buy on sale.
i was very difficult for me too and has disrupted my life in many ways.
you knew it would be late from prior experience, he was warned & it's rarely if ever the drivers fault that they're over worked.
he also said to change his behavior based on that.....which is respecting the woman.
not saying that some of them don't deserve it but a lot of the shit people say about them is straight up racist and people kind of just act like it's fine.
you don't owe him your time.
niece shouldn't have to pay for mom's shenanigans...
this could set that ball rolling, if necessary.
: but i think you already know that about the situation with the facebook post.
if they brush it off as nothing or just say they’ll do something and don’t, then don’t keep hanging out with them.
, but i think the real issue is that she should not be making these kind of statements in a workplace environment.
to be honest going into this read from the title had me leading to a "you are".
i can guarantee the mechanic has a landline of some sort, so you definitely could have been reached.
, your mom kinda made your childhood a literal hell.
it sounds like the bf was overbearing.
your mother undermines your authority with your child.
personally would not let my kids have a yt channel at that age.
you are , but the person you are dating sounds a few too many degrees less mature than you are.
- she ended things with you and should be prepared to live without you our your support
trust me, it's bloody obvious when a girl is flirting - there's no guessing game.
you passwords, personal belongings, and online accounts are all your own.
even if he’s the world’s greatest dad when he’s not high, leaving him alone with a child that young while under the influence is not the right thing to do.
the most he can do is try to make amends with her.
it sounds like you need it!
make sure that you get them to do stuff so they don’t go into some kind of depressed state and end up longing for that person back.
if he wants to act tough then he shouldn't be phased by a slap.
your tactics were dirty but i don’t see how the situation could be resolved much differently.
dude needs to own up to his mistakes and sort out his life, damn.
- you're no longer dating, he no longer has a say in your romantic life
if attendance is that bad and your friend gets good marks on his work, the professor might question how that's happening.
sometimes it's not as easy as "booking a standing section rather than a seating section" - standing sections are almost always closer to the stage and are almost always the highest value tickets.
would be best for you to talk to them directly and say that you don't like them wasting your time or the time of the other people you're playing with.
- xpost to r/legaladvice if you want but better yet check with a lawyer.
, he would have gotten to his stuff either way so having to wait a bit longer wouldn’t hurt him.
judging by the behaviors: constant uncleanliness, complete disregard for authority, disregard for his own health and safety, stealing, etc., it sounds like he really is depressed.
there is a middle ground though, you can raise your issues with her and ask for a more practical birthday plan.
so if she's your friend you don't need intros to tell her how do you feel
and he has always treated me and other women around us with respect.
i can understand him paying for a camgirl if he likes that kind of thing, but if he seriously considers her his girlfriend then the guy needs a reality check before she empties his bank account.
i am flabbergasted that your mother would say something like that to you.
that's why she needed to be told that that time was not a good time for her to visit and she needed to rearrange her time.
when they don’t try, why would you actively want to try?
the point of breaking up is not having to be around the fucker.
unless charities get the message that shitty behaviour like that will *lose* them support, they will keep on doing it.
swinging is all about enthusiastic consent, and she knew very well that that's not what she was getting.
this person is not a real friend, they are only using you for sympathy and attention.
furthermore, because of his enabling, she doesn’t really understand her impact on the family nor does she have the skills to change.
props to you, you were just keeping the child safe.
acknowledge that you know it's hard to break old habits, so if/when she does slip up and you call her out on it, it's not the end of the world and she shouldn't feel the need to go immediately on the defensive.
maybe then y’all could’ve gotten a more solid confirmation that his parents wouldn’t let the dog be out by herself?
sounds like you need to have a conversation about boundaries with your roommate soon.
assuming it's just a here and there cultural thing then that's just a small speed bump.
the clients need to be protected as well.
you can figure out the hows and whys together and hopefully with the help of a therapist.
you were way more respectful than i would be in this scenario.
it's up to you when you want to have sex.
not posting on social media can be interpreted as not posting about your grandfather's death.
you’ve been together for 7 years on the dl?
did i think he was sexually assaulting me?
it's off leash hours and the dogs didn't attack him.
it seems like she has some sort of attention-seeking behavior problem.
in other news, people who passive aggressively scream into megaphones confuse me.
you don't owe the guy anything more than the friendship you have consistently offered from day one.
i’d suggest writing down what you want to say and setting some boundaries and sticking to them.
to me, you're , but you could have apologized later, and the guy could have said something before (but since you were on cars it wouldn't have changed anything).
she's really lucky it hasn't been stolen considering how much she's just leaving everything up to chance.
just tell them the truth and tell them to not worry about you (suicide).
at.his.dead.wifes.service that's just fucked up, no matter how you look at it.
if she’s given you a thoughtful gift in the past, then this year may be an oversight.
, just ignore him when he talks about wacked out bs like flat earth and chemtrails.
you'll find the emotional bond will keep you attracted to her.
i'd be finding a new job asap.
- and don’t pay her a cent, in fact she honestly owes you money for the damages to your car.
yeah, you should always take your dogs shit back to your own trashcan.
let him be mad and move on.
an abusive parent doesn't have some inalienable right to clear their conscience and see their children again before death.
she should have had her parents pay you back and let them get repaid by her "boyfriend".
- fuck that guy, what a sense of entitlement.
don’t let her use a magic man in the sky to try to manipulate you.
he had no right to fix it and charge you for it when he first said it was $60.
, you have a choice to not have a relationship with your parents, let alone if they left before you were born.
it sounds like he is hanging out with her behind your back because he *already knows* you will be mad.
the guy had camping gear from your story, so it’s not like he was stranded without shelter
i can see her problem, beeing "criticized" but this sounds rediculous.
she is hurting your shoulder and her neck by pulling ahead which can cause permanent damage to both of you.
especially having enough free time for boyfriends, so she has absolutely no right to walk all over you.
you aren’t a child and you’re paying at a restaurant to enjoy a meal, not be teased.
your , you did the right thing.
you are not responsible for her; you are not her mother.
she's being immature, you told her no and got upset that she crossed a boundary for you rightfully so.
she’s overreacting and kinda being mean by calling you names and manipulating you.
took matters into my own hands & left my immediate family behind in later adult years (for many more serious reasons).
on the other hand reading someones diary and even more so confronting the writer about something in it is a massive cunt move.
, your sister sounds like a piece of work.
i’m in the same boat about to leave a job and i fully intend to let my boss/the ceo know exactly what i think of her.
there is no obligation for you to buy candy and spend your night handing it out to people.
your best bet is moving away as soon as you graduate, and never look back.
it’s you and your girlfriend’s ps4.
she, otoh, is a gigantic thundercunt.
they may just be asking out of concern for you, not because they really want to know the details.
it sounds like you may have had emergency tax taken off, which is 30% i believe.
that’s a straight asshole move by your dad.
if he noticed and gives you grief over it, it might not be a bad idea and play nice to keep him happy.
how often does she get to hang out with her girlfriends?
is he helping you financially at all currently?
this is not a healthy sounded relationship.
sounds like a really weird and confusing situation.
man i can see both sides, but especially considering you asked 3 times...
i had a rough time as a younger kid for this reason, everything i talked about was video games or pokémon.
you’ll just have to figure it out together.
also, as someone who has raised my kids to respect others, wait their turn, etc., i personally find it frustrating when i encounter other parents that aren't doing the same.
it sounds like your parents aren't very mature.
try to fix it through a dealership if you can next time.
you’re not the asshole but i think it’d be unfair to call them or the school assholes.
he tried to change the night out by inviting this girl and then literally chose her over his friends by flaking.
if you were going to a statewide track meet i’m sure your coach would want you to ditch choral and practice instead.
it isn't like you want to throw her out on the streets to die.
; i'm a mom with two young ones and really all kids can be so loud...
also they were literally making out with each other on a kids slide at first, so yuck.
she can’t just go out and decide something like this on her own.
life happens and we can’t always align things around every single person involved.
its gone as far as having people messaging me on facebook telling me how much of a nasty bitch i am yeah, that'll happen when you associate with trump supporters.
that guy is clearly just a manipulative fuck and you should do your best to help your friend move on and get rid of him.
and really if he thinks those things about her then why should he even be upset?
when he cries, when he says he's joking, when he makes you feel bad for even thinking about leaving, that's him controlling you.
dad needs to speak with his wife and explain that this is a situation involving his child and his grandchild, and sm needs to be respectful of that.
my partner was severely abused, both physically and emotionally, by his last girlfriend, and several of our college friends are still friends with her.
your budget is much more realistic.
it's not like you're spreading lies.
you’ll be the one who takes blame if something happens to the camera.
on top of that, she's rude.
also, i can't help but to address this is like a told traditional gender swap and it's interesting.
you need to write better headlines.
you seem to be coming from a place of concern for your ex.
hey, so i don’t speak for the gay community, but i am a member of that community.
can you somehow delicately ask if she is feeling sad for no reason, anxious about being a parent, etc?
your family are the assholes for not accepting your beliefs despite you accepting theirs.
what gets me is that her phone was disconnected at least two hours before she called you, so there’s definitely something up with her timelines.
you shouldn't have to stress over things like this at your age.
it's time for the stinky dungeon master to move on.
and unfortunately having a child means, for both of you but you have accepted it, that your life changes completely.
i personally wouldn't invite them, and say that they aren't allowed to come, however i do understand the conundrum of them being the so's family, so it would be wise to tread carefully.
i thought there were txt back and forth that reached the agreement you would go with her, stay sober and then drive you both home?
she's gonna keep doing that as long as people indulge her.
but you're mother is correct with her point that after your confrontation with both the hr person and the supervisor that you likely won't get the job...
do whatever you want, it's your money.
^don’t ^actually ^say ^that for real though, why isn’t doug stepping in at all?
- it sounds like your mom has problems and from an objective standpoint, i feel sorry for her and hope she finds a way to get help and clean up her life.
even though your grandfather seems to have genuinely changed, he can never erase what he's done and the effect it's had on your mother.
noone should be forcing or pressuring you to have kids.
there doesn’t tend to be much middle ground on the issue.
you value her more than anyone else.
this guy was waaaaay too clingy, imo, and is either not good at reading social cues, or was completely ignoring them.
what if you had a medical issue you didn't want to disclose..?
by saying what you're looking for at the very beginning, you're setting everyone up for success, so you can save the fights and the debates for things that you actually want to go to the mat about.
, you offered multiple times to come home and she never said yes.
i don’t know there are any easy answers for you.
i'm deadly serious" so that when they get pulled over, they know they fucked up.
and their argument that if they weren't around, you'd be working and doing all the cleaning anyway?
you've been hoping it would grow on you but it just hasn't.
given the fact that your brother is an asshole and the fact that he did that to your mom made me laugh so fucking hard
i don't see why this is seen as controversial these days.
has rob ever considered going to therapy to help with his hypochondria and anxiety?
they suck, and they are using you in every sense of the word.
, but i would take the loss as you did.
in discussions about abortion it is important to keep personalities out of it and focus on the bodily autonomy of the individual and to judge each situation on its own merits.
sometimes adults have to choose between the lesser of two bad choices.
i wouldn't let him in and i'd report the fact that you suspect he leaves the main door unlocked to the landlord.
fifth, they should’ve moved their trip.
being handicapped didn't make her exempt from being a decent person, it doesn't excuse her trying to make people feel stupid, and using her handicap as an excuse to make people feel bad about correcting her was bratty behavior.
i think  it's legal to use your phone if the driver’s hand is used to activate or deactivate a feature or function of the handheld wireless telephone or wireless communications device with the motion of a single swipe or tap of the driver’s finger.
if he fails it's his fault and his fault alone though, im not saying any blame is on you.
he needs to take responsibility for his spending habits.
he has chosen to marry you that means *you’re* his new family.
i firmly believe that all your actions were to help the people around you, they don't stem from bad behavior.
if it was such an emergency, he could have found another way there instead of harassing and threatening you.
for hitting your limit, but i think you should try to re-home him first before taking him to a shelter.
you were kind enough to buy him a drink!
i'm assuming he bought the tickets in this way assuming you'd be okay with it.
honestly, you can't stay in a relationship where you're unhappy.
don't expect them to comply though.
- he lied, got caught, and he's surrounded by a bunch of apologists for his behavior (who blame all of his problems on you).
she’s preoccupied with how your relationship looks online and how she looks to others which is clearly damaging to you and her.
this man can’t take a hint.
if he doesn't own anything that he can't get dirty in, however, *and* you knew this or didn't ask, you *might* be a slight asshole.
, i find it so goddamn annoying when people hold up traffic or take their eyes off the road to look at an accident.
i don't know how this conversation would go, but i might make that clear "look, i love you, and you're my best friend.
in the future, you need to call 911 if something like this ever happens again.
she strung you along just to lead you on for this long?
hopefully your friend was just momentarily dejected and will get over it soon.
it’s funny i know i’d laugh my ass off (edit it’s not funny and is an asshole thing to do if you realise it’s professional photography but still do it but sounds like that’s not the case so )
just because its christmas doesn't make you putting your foot down bad.
i can see him being worried about his family's dog, but that's not your responsibility.
a month is very low compared to most couples.
jobs are transactions and you have to do what's best for you.
you’re also a bit of an asshole if you’re trying to intervene and solve this problem.
while it sounds like you may have said some things that were misleading (such as saying it was a mistake to break up with her in the past) you were completely upfront when she asked you what she wanted.
people are rude as balls, and normally no one calls them out on it.
sounds like you have boundaries that your older sibling isn’t respecting or doesn’t know about.
you were made a promise, and it's been broken.
wait, so you knew the words "blew up" but couldn't say "where were the twin towers?" that seems strange.
she sounds like a terrible person.
just the entire seating crowd in general.
in fact, you went overboard to help this person out.
, but your friend should still be allowed to be a little upset
i'd say - you have a special type of diabetes, i'm geussing the meal was specifically balanced for you, unlike pizza/burgers/kebabs.
also yes, threatening suicide is abuse.
however, next time i'd just leave right away, rather than be that close to the idiot.
i'm only in highschool, but i find myself feeling the same way.
i'd also let the manager/owner know to be honest.
they're hurting the store by not selling books that the store ordered to sell.
she needs a change of behavior, and it's clearly her fault that the perfume went missing.
if you can, try and find someone to speak to in your local area (through nhs).
also, why would she use and lead this girl on like that?
, but sometimes, just giving $5 to something and saying, “i wish i could do more,” goes a loooong way in peoples minds and memories.
third you are not a mindreader so how would you know just exactly how they wanted you to ask.
we have 2 doors to our bathroom and are sometimes too lazy to close both.
there is nothing wrong with dating only what you like.
you weren't leading her on, you we're just trying to get to know her.
if i read it correctly, it looks like r is no longer a student and, therefore, no longer a resident of the freshmen dorms.
you've paid her back and it seems like have done even more.
i got through most of this post thinking "their house, their rules" in terms of saying "god dammit".
my child is vaccinated but that doesnt keep the chicken pox away 100%.
it's a coping technique to reduce conflict in your life.
, many artists use reference photos.
its pretty common to be getting something for helping people move.
, you can date whomever you want and break up with people for any reason you want.
i understand the need for moms to have friend get togethers, but when the child starts making sounds as such, they are the assholes not only to the other people in the restaurant but to the child itself.
(you should still do what you can to smooth things over with her.
it's your wedding, and it is not unreasonable to not invite a former romantic partner.
because you won't be able to change him.
i’m not going to apologize for playing the victim card, i’m just asking non-tattooed folks to think about how the individual may experience being tattooed in the world either now or in the past before you open your mouth.
granted your dad helped you with the down payment but the car is in your name, the insurance is in your name, you're making the payments on the car.
talk to your fiance about it, see what he thinks.
so she gets to cook every night and you do the dishes.
her schedule and life should be respected.
although i don't fully understand the cultural problem and therefore don't think my opinion should be a deciding factor on that particular facet of the issue, you're an adult and have every right to travel without their permission.
it will also make it your fault if there is an accident.
they failed at making the sale.
you don't have the capacity to handle an abuse victim, and that's the best case scenario assuming she's completely reformed!
also add a note with your name to the food or something, so it's clear that it is your food.
i was post-civil rights movement, and kids were raised, mostly, to be accepting of other cultures.
he signed over his rights and is now throwing a tantrum because he has to live with the consequences.
she is obviously in a lot of trouble, and you can't really shoulder the burden of helping her.
you state there are not set rates.
and tell him it’s the last time, so pay attention...
if you’ve repeatedly tried to be a good friend and good influence and make them see the situation they’re in, and they stay...
you usually can't take a dog to a grooming place without her being up to date on all of her vaccinations, which sounds really unlikely in this case.
i think it’s pretty strange your parents are still that involved, but if no one cares then i guess the more love the kid has the better.
but you won't know unless you talk.
dad does not come in for the signing.
crutcheze black crutch bag, pouch, pocket, tote washable designer fashion orthopedic products accessories made in usa
the meal is part of this trip, right?
living with an addict or alcoholic is really hard, and you don’t have to do it alone.
, you were a kid and handling his issues was above your pay grade.
thats his own decision as a grown adult.
you had a life that you wanted altered because of something (cancer) that you can't control.
anyone can fake being decent til they get the result they want.
if yes, then you may want to think twice before acting on those urges.
i don’t think it’s wise of her, but you’re just being protective of her and also following your moral code.
start with the things that directly impact you and the other children the most, and de-prioritise things that mostly affect him.
i'd never heard of this before but apparently it's a thing.
you're  at all, but as someone who recently lost their grandpa, i would keep hanging out with her.
they hired you knowing that you're 14 and would have limited hours due to school/family on top of the limited hours that are expected from everyone from general life stuff.
i know my college did, but it had only happened once to my classes.
i would not hang out with her a lot but for the brothers sake i would not cut her entirely.
on a side though, correct me if i'm wrong but i thought the purpose of a degree other than to learn new things was to help push your career to its limits, so what's he doing wasting his time in a job where his boss supposedly hates him?
it’s unrealistic and unfair to think you should have to pee your pants or worse if an open stall is available.
hang in there and good luck.
that concept doesn't even apply here.
not making an effort to hang out with or talk to someone you don't like isn't rude.
also, her telling you that she's going to stay unhappy until you come back seems kind of manipulative...
it should be really telling by the end of that.
i don't think it is unreasonable to ask for help from someone when you are in a relationship especially when you are helping them out already
i’m sorry this is happening to you it sounds rough.
we all have little disagreements with our parents, nothing to worry over.
you'll never get these years back.
even trying as hard as i could, there wasn’t enough time to stop before hitting him.
also, keep your head up man, no person is worth taking your own life.
you need to ask yourself, at the end of the day, do you even care enough to make it an issue?
better to get a red flag within the year rather than five years into it.
it's how they were raised and what they know.
you’ve been together for 7 years...
hands are at least a little dirty, regardless of how hygienic you are.
your mom is one hour late and pisses at the people waiting for her?
if you don’t want to send videos, say no and make it clear that’s a boundary.
all you had to say is that you're not interested in that and move on.
just politely explain that that's not an aesthetic you find appealing and that makes you incompatible.
turned out she was on heroin and was really bad off...
keep what you're doing because you can see her for the catty petty trifling snake that she is.
maybe his wife can get the house, without him.
i would call it "being an emotional black hole".
that saleswoman needs to calm down.
he played stupid games, won a stupid prize.
>jim and bob were poking her breasts and ass and she felt a little uncomfortable first red flag.
you do not have to take that at all.
as long as your dog stays in your yard, no harm, no foul.
the odd time is totally fine but since she is doing it a lot then you have a right to want her to stop.
if he’s driving under influence, you might be saving someone’s life by ending this now.
not only were they rude, but they risked (if you haven't written them off) burning a valuable bridge they could have saved for a future bailout or discreet 'treat'.
if it makes you feel any better, you and i seem very alike and i'm skinny and often told i'm beautiful, however, i'm still a loner who would rather me with my dog.
you're smart to cut someone abusive and toxic from your life.
even though they are paying you in pizza and beer they are still paying less than if they were to hire a professional.
one of my best gaming friends is 41.
as other's said, this is out of the scope for this sub and better suited in legaladvice.
signed, daughter of a woman who got royally fucked because she didn't have her own money
the history of race issues in our country creates unique challenges that make me more responsive to black prosperity than white.
- but maybe he’s finally coming around to you guys and realizing he wants friends and to change?
so you weren't an asshole for the guess (though it does suck being boiled down to your heritage/birth place), and you weren't being insulting.
he's likely going to get to keep the money he made from doing all those cuts.
life was so much easier before group chats.
sorry for the jumble of thoughts.
anyone visiting that torrent site could see his film was up there.
i was very similar to you when i was younger, didn’t want to go to the zoo etc.
you're being used as an attention satellite.
, your roomate is a karen edit2: thanks for the gift anonymous redditor, you're too kind <3 may the lights always turn green right before you get there, and you never run out of toilet paper
and you should def tell his gf about whats been happening.
if your gf was in clear view of that, and didn't do anything, she is definitely an a-hole.
, sounds almost like you're already broken up.
your story is worse in that he was physically abusive.
and does your husband have any insight as to why his sister has lost her marbles over poultry?
maybe you should pop over to [r/legaladvice]( and see if anyone has any tips to help you get the education you deserve.
stop trying to force it, cut your losses, save money, and buy/adopt a better dog.
they can all throw down for other accommodations.
also, at 16, you're probably smaller than your dad.
you're  for reacting angrily, definitely the asshole for jumping around a moving car going 70+mph with other cars around.
in all honesty though he might get really hurt and salty, but i wouldnt want a friend like that anyways.
it's not like you're being sneaky about it or stabbing them in the back to get there, if the manager prefers you for the job the you deserve it.
i can understand why they wanted to shield you from the pain & not let it affect your studies ...but she raised you for a decade & you had the right to know.
you had way more important things to deal with than making a phone call.
you do what you want with it (always following the law of course).
get out, enjoy being with your partner and enjoy being 19.
you have to take care of yourself.
i'd love to hear a follow-up as to whether or not it actually was just a sales pitch.
it at least keeps the clutter contained if not put away.
part of me wishes you'd responded more calmly, just from a strategic point of view, but how much racist shit should a person have to endure?
be honest with him and you'll figure it out :)
and it’s only a quarantine and a citation.
there was probably a better way of addressing the issue, but obviously when being confronted like that things slip out.
however, you would be an asshole if you're making your mom suffer as well because, like you, she is probably being forced to do household chores.
your resentment at her not working and your feeling that she is making too much of her situation or being lazy is a common reaction.
the idea of just the 2 of you alone is not appealing to you, so she is trying to build in an escape route.
would’ve said the same thing if i only read the title.
definitely would never leave poor menow with her again.
it’s your phone, you don’t have to give it to him for hours just so he’ll shut up.
since i had spent a year as her backup, i was the logical choice to replace her.
you need to make sure you’re living in a healthy environment, so you don’t have a relapse and end up in the hospital or worse.
that's a problem and can be genuinely frustrating and put huge pressure on people even after they've voiced their opinion.
there is another strong possibility -> the husband is asking the secretary to gatekeep.
pro tip: always grab your items from the back of the shelf.
she sounds like she either isn’t bothered by any of this or that she knows you’ll do it eventually so she doesn’t bother.
you don't owe him free labor just because he's a guest.
it’s not unusual for people to grow apart or find other friends!
i learned this the hard way but just because people love each other, does not mean they need to be together.
things like that aren’t exactly intuitive - meaning we have to be taught to respect other people’s personal space and we have to be taught manners.
mentally better to embrace the good vibes imo.
if she was gonna be shitty about someone liking a band tee shirt...
i generally don’t mind having my so pee in front of me if it’s a relatively long term relationship but you ahve your boundaries and he should respect them especially if you have a second bathroom
- but it could easily change to  if you are not being realistic with the details and how it went down.
are you guys doing so well financially and they are not, that it seems unfair to her for them struggle over her loan repayment?
she's a poli sci major so it's a lot of what she reads into and i'm not all that interested in politics.
instead you reached out to the only people you felt you could to help her when you learned about her drug problem.
now i would probably do the same thing but again i'm not an esthetician so i don't know the decision to make here but i say go for it if they do something that petty.
ai.....but, its hard to read that "you dont care if hè is sick, you just want your baby." it sounds little cold.
don't do it if you're not comfortable with it.
it's your account and your password, which means nobody should be sharing it without your permission.
make fun plans for yourself (e.g, short trip with a friend or by yourself) for the times when your husband will want to do things with his family.
i’m still involuntarily grossed out, but i do what you did here and remove myself.
you're under no obligation to date anyone for any reason, and you are not responsible for another's mental health.
become 18, get your own computer and place, and play your games.
on the other hand, the 11yo showing your kid porn is totally out of line, but it just doesn't have anything to do with the couch incident.
i see it as a way for them to bond as a team.
because there’s no reason for her to go against your wishes.
let your boyfriend decide how much to tell them, and when.
hugs and best wishes...it’s a difficult life to live, but you sound like you have a good head on your shoulders.
one line that sometimes works for me is to say that my relationship with god is too important to me to discuss with others you might also really enjoy this blog, written by a formerly fundamentalist woman who faces many of the same issues it sounds like you do.
tell her she can pay for it now or you can file a police report and a claim on her insurance
also realistically speaking a football team has more of a need for a locker room then a golf team regardless of record.
or did she mean, "wouldn't do that" *right now*?
i don’t think your brother understands that.
you can go to her next wedding.
i also, dont think she was offended.
or is ok to tell her that hearing the details is difficult and you need time to process what she had already told you.
she shouldn't be relying on her child in order to pay bills.
i’ve heard of parents doing this before and they’re only harming themselves.
you need to be enjoying high school and prepping for adulthood, not basically being a caretaker to one of your peers.
(might also be a good idea to let the guy know what she’s doing since that sounds like someone who would cheat without a second thought) you dodged a bullet there op
and that conversation should end with you being able to have these friends in your life again whether that means you still have the girlfriend in your life or not.
i personally believe in staying out of other people's relationships.
some people just really love kids and pay a lot of attention to the ones they're related to.
good for you for not taking any more abuse.
i don’t see how this is even an issue.
clearly your roommate needs to call it so you’re trolling and helping at the same time ;)
you should feel comfortable being with who you're with, she fucked that up.
but, if the baby comes and you’re feeling trapped, you need to have a bigger conversation.
the unfortunate fact is that the only power you have in the relationship is to end it or stay since you can't force her to work.
your mom was super rude about it, but i think it would be good if you explained how much it meant to you that you were asked along with why it hurt you.
, understandable to get bored having no one your age to hangout with, and it’s annoying having to deal w drunk adults.
i don't think any group is supposed to stop harmless jokes just for kitty's sake, unless those bring up difficult memories (which doesn't seem to be the case).
a pushover, but not the asshole.
your parents sound like they have problems.
then i started getting the same message from a different number.
i'm from the camp of "family sticks together and helps each other out" but your bother puts an exception to that rule.
she's just saying that there was a delay on your background check.
he should be grateful you didn’t body slam him with a pillow like my husband and i do to each other when the other snores.
your husband and you go far and beyond for them but they won't do the same for you.
, but if you are not married, i am concerned about you giving all your money to him.
especially when he's living off of you already.
ya gotta teach the kid to fold the plate in half before heading to the trash so nobody sees what wasn't eaten 👍
i wouldn't risk being out anymore $ over his picky ass either.
that’s really super annoying even if you don’t consider it some form of assault.
you gave all the info needed in the title, so i don't need to read this.
i'm not really understanding the problem.
lemme go ride a dick and see if that clears it up.
my mom was mortified, i was vindicated!
- no assholes, just incredibly immature people.
your husband sounds like one of those men who think being a stay-at-home parent is "easy" and that he does all the work by "going to work." he needs a serious wake up call.
good luck being both her boyfriend and entire social circle if so.
i'm sorry you're going through this
i'm guess the employee twisted your words when going to get the manager to call you back both of them are the assholes
if it really gets to you, just move seats.
while his parents aren't the most supportive it sounds like you're trying your best but your also being reasonable and realistic.
the least he owes you is a sincere apology.
you don’t owe anyone your time especially someone who abandoned you after giving you an std
but remember, there’s only so much you can do if he doesn’t want to seek help.
the whole game is to hit someone so they are out.
tell her that you have too much work to do.
, they are also your children and you should talk to your wife about this.
you will be the asshole to your future self if you don't see this current situation as reason to reevaluate your prospects with him.
if she continues with the "op said im not allowed to have opinions thing" tell her, infront of all her adult friends that "its wrong to mock a 12 year olds appearance and call them hideous".
if my so was threatening suicide constantly & ended up turning it on me, we’d be done immediately.
your gf is super jealous over nothing.
i know it must’ve sucked to come to this.
a woman who slept with your boyfriend deliberately to get back at you i might add.
also keep in mind that if your gf is in charge of all the mental load for your household, that if you don’t get around to doing your job, it stays on her list.
he’ll resent you if you continue making his birthday about you.
i am so sorry that happened to you.
that whole play sounds like a shitshow based on the last piece of information.
she probably feels like you should have said "oh that's weird i know her too, guess we have someone in common" at the very least, and maybe told her full story later.
you're everything she said she wanted, but now she's tossing you aside for this dude who was an asshole to her?
he initially failed to make proper payments, so the state garnished his wages 3.
so again - you're 'right' and 'saving her life' and therefore - given such heavy points - people will say you're .
if someone wants to have that many seats together, they should have already been there together.
it’s worked for me before and i think they found it less offensive than dumping stuff on their beds.
i hope you're not in a small town, because you might have set yourself up for a bunch of harassment from the local pd.
i don't think it's fair that she doesn't do anything to include you into the conversation.
they don’t deserve to have a cat.
from an outside perspective i would say try not to take it personally, maybe keep cool and check in with her when she gets back and see if she got things worked out, give her a chance to make up for her outburst before you bring it up to her and maybe make it bigger than it really needs to be.
i know it was how you planned it, but babies are pretty awesome.
shocking lack of professionalism on her part.
if you're done and basically on break after the exam, kinda depends.
at a certain point you've got to just get rid of the mouse before they start thinking they're entitled to something more than what they were offered.
difference is, when i do this i'm alone.
make the proposal special in its own right, don't just tack it on to another special day.
not that damn hard you are definitely not in the wrong
you don't need to choose sides, just have the relationships with each of them that you want and don't let either of them pull you into a negative triangle regarding the other.
you've been using him as a crutch to not deal with your driving fears.
and you never pay to smoke around me?
it gets a lot worse than your story when it comes to guys dealing with a girl that doesn't want to have sex.
he's not your friend, he's basically a niceguy who is only interested in having sex with you and pretends to be your friend.
supporting lunatic bombers is a shitty thing to do.
fuck man even if it isn’t a joke i find it hilarious and my grandmother has it, so you can’t be a bigger asshole than me.
just talk to your girlfriend and reassure her that you appreciate her and that your method of coping just takes time.
(even if your mil wasn’t invited, she should make sure her daughter goes.
firstly, the basic human right is to be valued and have things explained to you *however* this does not mean that this person will give you an explanation.
with a sprinkle of  - but i completely understand why and the how it got to this point.
compromised by taking a non science major.
her logic doesn’t even make sense.
but dude, regardless of what choice you make, there will be drama.
she's not something you can fix, or even really help by yourself (assuming she's even ready for help, or wants it).
: but check for a gift receipt first
she's an adult now and needs to grow up
pretty minor fuck up and no one is mad at you for it.
it is always good when hard work pays off!
that would avoid any argument but still let them know you didn’t care for it
if she's worried about being left alone she needs to allocate her time better and she needs to not go off alone by herself.
you guys go to school together.
she can’t expect you to force your kids to miss halloween for hers.
that might be a simple as saying "hey, right here in my contract it says you have to maintain the building" or something like talking to a specialist.
someone who knows something about it might see it.
it's not the amount of money that matters, it's their disrespect for you.
i'm not sure what to say on the subject since i'm a cis-woman but i would imagine the most proactive thing to do would be to politely correct them to stop them from misgendering them in the future.
it’s one thing if he’s just arguing with someone but it becomes different when they bring you into it
they need to be aware that their behavior is abusive, not just “what guys do,” and that it makes you want sex even less.
at that poing you'll have to decide whose friendship is more important to you
it's going to be awkward to bring up, but if he really cares about you in a non-creepy, normal-friendship kind of way then he will understand.
i don’t think you should let him copy, even in computer science.
it's time to put your needs first and consider what you need to heal for your own mental health.
im autistic and  autistic people need to be directly told to do something, not giving hints or dancing around the topic.
they aren't going to tell you that your job is going away because they don't want you to quit before they fire you/lay you off.
not surprised no one knows anything about it because it’s boring as shit and there’s nothing here.
but don’t let his bullshit cost you your credit!
3) because you'd be enabling her bad behavior.
the one grandparent i was close to died when i was 13.
not that i’m any kind of expert, but there’re some patterns here that are similar to the kind of things i see on r/raisedbynarcissists.
in addition, you’re never going to be an asshole for *being* annoyed, only when you start acting on it does it become iffy.
you don't need people like that.
the kids are to the point now, they don't care and never ask about him.
, but try calling the landlord instead of the police next time it happens.
she will most likely be really offended and will probably spread more lies about you than she already has but at least then you don’t have to go home and deal with her there as well.
you may be being a tiny bit petty, but if he is leaving it where it is in other people's way he shouldn't be surprised when it is removed to where it will just be in his way.
you just gave your honest opinion.
and his level of dishonesty, both to himself and you, demanded the level of honesty you delivered to him in return and a word on seeing him differently and not wanting to see him again - that’s fair, natural, and to be expected.
i hope he’s feeling okay and enjoying his last few months
its fine to post your body and all that, but they obviously have no idea how the real world really works.
the same way he confided in you that your opinion of him actually matters, you should confide in him.
a question like this is harmless - there's two outcomes.
however, it is up to you if you trust her.
yes it could be awkward, but you're all people, find things to talk about, it's the holidays.
don’t let that hurt you, though.
your desk is not her garbage can or fridge.
i live in the us :( sorry about your birthday
it hurts when people's lives change and they drift away.
it's like making an eharmony to find a business partner.
i also work in healthcare, so i'm familiar with tele monitoring.
if you rather be alone you rather be alone.
you’re doing something she likes to do just to be a good person and so she has someone to go with.
being able to support yourself is a major factor you need to think about.
he is an adult and can get up to make the bus for his classes.
you warned her, she chose to wear ugg boots.
you have your right to stay private about your sexuality as you wish, but your bf absolutely has the right to feel the way he does.
- but isn't that illegal (or in most states) ?
of course, it's a minor thing and you meant nothing wrong.
they didn’t handle things well, but it’s done now.
and so your comment was just weird, out of place and 'why would you say that?' - to everyone else.
the way i picture it from his side is "nothing we try is working, i can't give her what she wants.
i think you’re doing the right thing.
your mom is a narcissist and can do no wrong.
i'm a pretty empathetic person and i have no idea what you did that *made her* throw up.
, and i'm sure the reason they're asking you is because the last owner of your house also refused.
you were not controlling her life you were just trying to help her out.
she leaves knowing she was making shitty racist remarks, and you get to stand there like a smug asshole
finding a job when you have been out of the workforce as a stap, even just for like 5 years let alone 20, is really challenging.
this is a tough one for everyone involved.
he can do whatever he wants when theres only family around, its his house.
it would be better for them to get the extra hour sleep instead of an hour of hazy snoozing with the alarm anyway.
you are not the asshole however your friend is a giant giant asshole you’ll have to pay?
&#x200b; however, i wouldn't blame you for wondering why she's this way.
that's why i wonder what your husband says.
...so your girlfriend is amazing and wonderful and you love her but she’s also demanding, forces you into cruel jokes, doesn’t trust you, and controls your actions?
i honestly don't think she realises how irritating it is.
i definitely would have called out my partner if they were being a dick for no reason.
i brought out all the games and favorite movies so they wouldn't be bored.
make it clear to them that you are an adult and will be treated as such.
it hurts for a long goddamn time.
it sounds like you hurt her feelings, but you're entitled to ask her to not use a photo of you in her profile pic.
also, you said you'd answer her questions, which i think is already pretty generous on its own.
also i'd be hesitant to give money to a gift for a rude person who insults my so at all.
and encourage her to aim for a bit more out of her life, especially before she brings a baby into it.)
they've gotten your notes, crumpled them up, ignored them and have continued their bad behavior.
also your move's timing is probably optimal for your new employer.
i wouldn’t have much trust in him ever doing the right thing after that...
you do this not just to soften his hard edges, but also so that anyone around can see that you are above reproach.
you are 16 and should not be expected to handle this.
, your wife obviously is expecting you to eventually capitulate and in a moment of weakness say ok.
i totally get being caught up with a person and ignoring certain bad things about a person but she is not good for you.
frankly it'd have been kind of callous of you to your sister if you'd been like "whatever, we're still bros".
telling him it makes you feel appreciated when he does thoughtful things instead of just telling him you’re upset may help him understand better where you’re coming from.
- it sounds like a bit of a miscommunication.
no, i am not going to see your text at 8:30 am -\_- &#x200b; plus, you clearly are spending quite a bit of money to have absolutely no fun and get crap from these guys.
you didn't make a scene, he did.
they just need to realise that not everything is about them and to stay out of it.
tell her what you stated above...
if it makes you feel better, shoot her a quick text explaining that you worried you may have made her uncomfortable and you want to make sure she's alright.
she also 100% cheated on you and her sister covered for her; why wouldn't she?
this upsets your sister and she stops talking to you.
i myself feel bad about it to.
maybe this is irrelevant but i thought i'd share.
it's as racist as making a wine bottle in the shape of the eiffel tower.
the fact that he’s aware of his violent behavior and still chooses to act on it is horrible.
be a good, platonic friend to her.
to your point, you’re not responsible for her making friends.
you did the best you could in your situation.
just anyway you can make it a more positive spin than just "it's all canceled because you are bad" without being a total pushover.
what kind of dumb ass mother fucker is this?
you are being a good pet owner and asking the right questions, but in this special case you’d hurt the doggy by bringing him in.
it’s totally reasonable to not want to deal with someone like him
, but you may have to suck it up.
they should've studied for the test or accepted their fate with some dignity.
if she keeps it up cut and run; you don't need to be in a toxic relationship.
college is tough, especially when the teacher curves around other's grades.
if she's taking advantage of your generosity you don't have to continue to give her a free place to say.
you're hauling around a bunch of people and it's a privilege they need to recognize.
they shouldn’t of stayed in the assumption you were going to pay them.
what if you’re just standing your ground?
it's closely followed by gaslighting where the abuser makes their victim doubt their own mind/memories and generally feel crazy.
he is the one driving drunk, he is the one being shady and lying.
and its sad that child abuse is common thing in india.
, but also as a former manager for a big retail chain i can say it would have been inappropriate for you to have bought the card from her and in all likelihood would have just given her another thing to complain about.
your friend can call this "being two faced" if they like but it doesn't make the practice of this kind of polite lie wrong.
not an easy sight friend, i'd be looking for another partner, plenty fish in the sea.
your child is in school, and i'm sorry, but maintaining a house when the kid is at school all day is not difficult or time-consuming enough to warrant being a sahm when your family is struggling financially.
i mean you gave them a warning and it’s not a very difficult thing to follow.
thankfully, tfl in london has these little "baby on board" type pins that women can wear to show that they're pregnant, to avoid confusion like this.
sorry for your troubles, i hope you two can work this out.
who knows what kind of embellished details they gave her.
it's a mental illness, your words.
he's a fat bastard and clesrly very abusive.
potentially she needs to see a therapist.
we all do the best we can and that varies by the day.
so, if your boss is anything less than grudgingly understanding, i would look for a new place of employment.
you did the right thing here and she won’t be missed.
> i just got off the phone with him and he’s insisting that part of being in a relationship means that you sacrifice and do things like this for each other and i’m being unreasonable and selfish.
they’ll just assume you’re sick with the same crunk everyone else has
because you did it out of concern.
it probably effects how you interact with him and it’s not his fault you didn’t have the same opportunity so taking it out on him makes you a bit of a jerk.
you need to have a conversation with him, especially as he lied about the hotel stay.
if the store is yours as well, i hope your paycheck shows that.
i don't imagine she will ever really bring up the gift right?
if she really is that impaired, she may even be able to get discounts on them.
your ‘friend’ is definitely the asshole.
nothing wrong with having different opinions and needs, though it seems you two aren’t that far off from each other anyway.
, but very childish to even bother to do that.
you want a product you paid for and you want it done correctly.
, ldr are hard and it's sad but relationships have to either be made of stone or they'll fall apart if it is no longer convenient.
of course, your parents might regrettably not give you a choice in the matter.
unless she had major open heart surgery, i cant see continuing to check on her daily.
i see your logic; you feel that you're giving him a choice of whether to accept the stained book and buy something different with the damages.
you told her 'multiple times' and she still insists.
he fucked up a 3rd time, he should have to deal with the consequences.
if your wife truly loves this dog, she is going to get it a new home *without kids* or other dogs so it won't be put down.
normal people would say okay, never mind sorry and let you be on your way.
it’s kind of like rubbing it in your face.
it just might not be natural to her!
you're clearly just looking for high fives.
threatening to leave because you don’t enjoy being the family chauffeur?
just be supportive and help them whenever you can.
your boyfriend should understand first off its a family matter and just cuz he's open bout his shit don't mean you need to be about yours if he can't understand that or the fact you just found out and instead of being there for you or i don't know showing any sing of empathy towards you situiation ya might want to move on.
for intent, but honestly dude, i’ve been to gay bars and they’re just bars lol.
- you never owe a relationship to someone.
if your bookstore doesn't want to sell certain books they shouldn't stock them to begin with.
are there reasons you’ve never been close?
, showing screenshots isn't a big deal imo unless it's something personal or secret.
maybe this was just her way of coping with it, though getting someone kicked out for reading the situation wrong is extreme.
last paragraph has me a little confused.
do you have a hr department?
i'm not saying your boyfriend is gay, but i'd bet you ten dollars he's seen ted's dick up close, maybe held it until the swelling went down....
but i do get the guy's pov too - i remember when i was breaking up with a longtime partner (it was really not working anymore after pretending too long).
i thought everyone knew you don't give animals as presents?
if he's gonna run a business, you should expect him to run it like a manager.
“i’m sorry, but we have limited space and can’t add any more people” should suffice.
it sounds like he is using you, what do you get out of the friendship?
sometimes, people need to hear stuff like that in order to start acting better, to start being better.
you've done your best to help her, but that doesn't mean that you have to spend the rest of your life holding her hand as she rides the merry-go-round.
her once a week maybe wasn't even close to my needs, but i wasnt mature enough to articulate it.
if they dont say anything, they're probably fine with you being there, and if they dont say anything,you cant be blamed for not knowing.
getting arrested right in front of you should be the last straw.
someone who is *sometimes* nice isn't a nice person.
your sister may be in a shitty place financially, but she doesn’t even sound grateful for the money, time, and energy your mother is providing.
you are allowed to want some privacy in your romantic relationship.
somethings just make you go hmmm
even a gift card to a restaurant that will deliver would be very useful.
i don't think helping him a little in this way obligates you to do anything and everything else he can think of that he wants, especially when that help is going to involve high level planning, hours of setup, or some liability if the result doesn't work right.
- if it was clearly stated that there was to be no children, then it is not your fault.
or invite her along with you!
for both your and nicole's benefit, i wouldn't rush with your relationship and would even say you need to see a therapist.
i’m an artist so i have a bit of opposite perspective on this.
you waited for them to leave and then you asked, and you asked politely.
it’s actually possibly unhealthy or manipulative to say no and get mad when someone is offering something.
done genuinely and non-confrontationally, that might help lead her through a thought process of considering how her own words may be interpreted by others (namely you).
if the business is still not doing great, would it be more financially viable/possible to get him to move with the rest of the family?
you should probably explain to your bf why the convo was important to you.
not paying for (or going to the trouble of buying) tp makes him the asshole, not you.
, you’re allowed to date who you want.
your mom is probably relieved that you don't need to be fully dependent on her and doesn't want to go back to the way it was.
he'll get caught up on his paperwork and invoice you eventually.
he broke an item he bought if he had returned it immediately, then that would be a different story.
he sounds like the asshole here.
if she can't have a reasonable conversation about things without blowing up, then it's time to pack it up and head home.
it's absolutely fair game to talk about how it makes you feel, but i'd also really encourage you to tap into what i described above.
that will decide if shes more of an asshole and if you'll be an asshole pursuing her for the rest of the rent.
when he's gone, who's picking up the slack re: responsibilities?
it’s your room too, he can’t kick you out of it, you have just as much right to it as he does.
your parents need to chill and be patient.
it makes me smile that you call your stepdad "dad" at the end of your post.
bring up that you want to stick with the original living arrangements, or, if it won't hurt you financially, find your own place.
i would say if you were doing nothing with your life and still refusing to help that you would be the asshole, but you’re establishing your life in canada and shouldn’t be required to give that up.
when she could , i was never more then a foot away from her.
be confident about it, people getting passed up can't be mad if it's a legitimate promotion and if she's feeling bad about it, my guess is that this is merit based.
not to cause drama, just to give context to your own actions and your very rightful feelings of discomfort.
his arguments aren‘t really solid and if it was broken from the beginning he should have told you.
in my experience,having someone, even a stranger, just be there,helps.
also, definitely discourage her from buying the new guitar.
as long as the sex is consensual and you earned it with your words, i don’t see an issue.
if they need a ride they can chip to gas.
however, you are 100% the asshole for continuing to bring it up a year later when he stopped the behavior after you asked him to.
however, this was not a "mom, i really need to unburden myself to you about stuff in my life that's affecting me" sort of talk, and it does seem to have thrown you under the bus a bit by using your depression as an excuse.
why would anyone want to still see if they had nude photos from years ago.
you didn’t leave a child in danger, you left them with one of their teachers.
if there aren't any assigned places she should just pick another seat.
i help run a server (it's a small one so it's nice) but i've had to kick someone out before and it's not a fun feeling to do that.
- this is red flag, controlling behavior.
and it sounds like something super suspicious is going on.
and it’s ridiculous to expect exclusivity from anything other than a serious romantic partner.
there is also the matter of him flat out telling you that pot is more important to him than you are.
"we only accept the love we think we deserve"
its not to difficult to just say something like, "actually i prefer kimberly instead of kim" for whatever your name is.
set a boundary and stick to it.
i don't know why he is turning down jobs, but it's obviously hard for you to have to pay for everything yourself.
cs has been around since the early 2000s, it won't go anywhere.
you are the company you keep.
its really shit that a lot of people have your number and that all this stuff happened, but its better this way.
go find a trusted teacher or guidance counselor and tell them whats happening, and they can guide you to the right people to talk to.
your gf shouldn’t be chasing people who don’t actively want to spend time with her.
you were way kinder towards him than i would have been
i made new friends along the way who were more in the same place in life as i was.
if he really need you to go out there saying how awesome he is blah blah blah then that honestly means to me he did it more for himself so he looks better than he did to help you out.
either she figures out how to use it ( you tube videos can be great help) or not ...
i want to be, but i am so swallowed up in my own issues right now.
i can’t imagine getting a surprise pregnancy tbh, but i imagine it’s both surprising and tough!
you do not owe it to her mom/brother to take care of them.
you are allowed to have your own life and do what you want to do without constantly checking in with a committee of friends.
kid sounds like a spoiled brat.
and the drunk he knew exactly what he was doing.
you don’t deserve to be used.
you’re  regardless but at 32 he’s a grown ass man who really needs to get his shit together.
he did finish high school though.
and your girlfriend is the asshole for lying about your "religious practices" and hers just to delay the inevitable.
nothing will cure it, it will get worse, and that a lifestyle change will not do anything.
she's being very introspective here; you have other obligations essential to your own self improvement that you must fulfill.
she bared her sole to you and you rejected her?
i have that group chat muted which makes the whole goal of the app (getting notified straight away when there is a safety related issue going on) pointless.
she is the asshole for being habitually late every day, and she expects you to celebrate the fact that she is still late.
no decent human will call you the asshole here so don’t waste time.
making students come in on a holiday isn't really something a teacher would even be allowed to do in the us.
have you spoken to her about how he treated you when she gets upset about him not being welcome to come around?
this is not an “i don’t like cats and you need to win me over” situation, it’s a “cats are not allowed here, full stop” situation.
i would say you should take a year off, and leave open the possibility of going next year.
i could be off but your recollection of things sounds super familiar to me.
also, even though this girl didn't want to report it, how many of his victims do you think wanted to report but couldn't?
fucked up of them to literally spring the idea of sex onto you.
sounds like you’re doing that 3.
better to make a complaint about a direct action than general attitude imo
you shouldn't have to sit idly by while someone goes off on your political beliefs, grandfather or not.
she needs to grow up and cook for herself.
and that’s all you can do.
did you give your cousin a chance to recant?
i continued to try and "save" her, and i ended up on the shit myself!
you deserve support, respect, and love.
you’ve acknowledged that their house, their rules.
biology doesn't obligate you to anyone, especially if they are toxic for you.
just don't make it weird by putting in a long "i miss you" letter or anything creepy like that.
just saying, it's that obvious - you're coming across nasty here on reddit about her transisting, so it's not farfetched your attitude in person is much worst to the point your friends are calling you out & calling you crazy (aka as their polite way of calling you an asshole).
it's not that you hate his dog, it's that you can't breathe if she sheds in the bed.
and the fact that people tagged onto him?
good for you for drawing appropriate boundaries, op!
dogs did that all the time.
it's 2019, can't believe this guy doesn't know it's inappropriate.
but let me expand on my thoughts here.
you can't change who you are and aren't attracted to.
you can bet your ass she would have started at least an emotional affair with him if this continued.
your motives were genuine and your idea was backed by the others at your table (passing their ashhole filters).
give each step an honest try and see what works.
people laugh at me about it a lot.
the parents clearly weren’t going to do anything about it.
, it seems like she didn't get the hint before and you being direct may have made it awkward but she seems to have understood.
i also trained her to ask every owner if it was ok to pet their dog, before approaching.
it's a stupidly lazy statement, and it implies that nobody outside the bubble of those who agree are allowed to criticise what people post.
either way, talk to your gf about it.
this is a classic introvert vs extrovert divide - you wanted an intimate gathering with folks you knew well, and he wanted a par-tay.
i’m guessing your daughter will now be triple-checking anything she’s given there and that will be far more powerful also check out r/justnomil for support and advice...
- but i’m still confused on why he can’t bring his car?
these people help me and understand me when i say i need space because we are friends and they care about me.
it's not important if she likes marvel or not, it's important that you were upset and she chose to say something that would make you feel bad.
unless they were nudes or something.
, he should be a lot more considerate considering that you’re the sole provider right now.
you have to do what’s best for you.
honestly, people do dumb shit when they’re younger, and it doesn’t even sound like you were super drunk and reckless.
for the full remaining amount from your father leaving him in the clear.
at the very least she could go in the bedroom while she’s making calls and come back out when she’s done but she is an asshole for expecting you to cater your days off around her work.
- dude sounds like he needs help if hes watching that kind of stuff in excess.
, especially because he redirects his anger towards you.
, you had no real relationship with the first girl, and even if you did it was years ago.
from what you’ve said it’s clearly not a loveless marriage.
space is money in real estate.
the best solution i can think of is reminding her that being in a relationship doesn't exclude you from hanging out with friends; this is something you like to do, you have the time now!
tried to send me to the couch.
she seems a bit delusional, and the fact that her assault gets a spotlight but yours isn't a big deal to her makes me think she's a bit self-absorbed as well.
school and your education/career should always come first.
the body thing is also a big issue.
you guys are in high school, so you're still learning about time management.
your mother clearly has some anger issues and she has no right to throw you out of her home all because she cant parent.
you can’t afford to approach these situations with naivety or confusion, so i think you should have spoken to your peers/supervisor about how to approach it.
, if you are uncomfortable then you are uncomfortable.
oh isn't he nice roughhousing with the kids...
i don't know how i would be now, if they stayed married.
, you don't owe her grief.
there are also going to be people out there who haven't had the advantages you've had.
and her behavior seems pretty strange.
if her husband wasnt a aggressive, abusive dickhead he wouldnt have gotten bit.
you and your sister are doing absolutely nothing wrong and don’t think you are.
in situations like that, i just ask "would you like some help?" but you're not obligated to or anything.
- you're under no obligation to give your money away.
don’t let him bully you or your baby.
he could easily have paid you $10 to cover gas, considering the amount of time.
i won't say he's a racist just for having poor taste, but i will say the only people i know who collect that stuff are history buffs and racists.
like, the only implication there is that she's too good for you.
her aunt seems like a cunt.
he hurt you, your aunt, everybody.
i never fix other people's stuff, because if i make a mistake and something bad happens it's my fault, so at best you're working for free, at worst you're on the hook for something you broke.
i looked up to her so much and i still do even though she left us 10 years ago.
hope you have a prenuptial agreement too.
if she was warned and failed to change, you're practically obligated to discipline her.
don't be too hard on her about it.
you weren't religious before you married her, after all.
sounds like she doesn’t take school seriously either.
some drivers will literally be 100% in the wrong and still honk at you so i wouldn't worry about it.
besides, you wouldn't do that anyway because b) we know it's proper manners for the one who knows both of you to introduce you.
you cheated and you suck- but he's textbook toxic.
just make plans to stay here for a month or two.
not sure what happened if someone was using it as a chair.
the racial slurs should stop 100% tho..
just break up, you’re being used, and her cooking on occasion will not make up for the deadbeat she is being.
see what he actually thinks before you decide that he'll disagree.
that isn't normal anxiety, that's pretty extreme.
mayyyybe (stretching really hard here) she thought you were saying she has low standards or something?
yeah, i'd never let my kids around them again either, and i have no idea what to do in relation to that.
i don't think your fear is abnormal.
also if that kid hears her talking about them like that the kid is going to ball their eyes out.
, has he given you any indication what the money is even for?
breathing is a pretty big deal.
you also shouldnt set yourself on fire to keep others warm.
could have just told her that the classroom isn't the place for resting your feet on chairs, or just ignored her underwear altogether.
it doesn’t matter what he’d done or not done, how minor or how devastating his actions were, the lack of trust is what will kill your marriage.
people shouldn't cut the line and you definitely have the right to address the behavior of people cutting the line.
i wouldn't worry, they probably don't see you as not a part of the group or not a friend, but just don't have much to talk about.
you can have whatever boundaries you want in any relationship - not wanting your wife to share a bed with anyone is an okay boundary if expressed clearly and agreed on.
but will pay for popcorn if i have a craving for it.
also it might not be the parents fault but op was concerned for the child.
you have to take care of yourself first and this was not a good situation for you.
maybe he was trying to rob people.
, no one should force their beliefs on you,your family should love you for you, if not cut that toxic shit out
i'm guessing that's what he feels you "don't get." i mean, you have been very generous in offering to help him here and he's stomping his feet like a child.
granted, it’s gonna hurt for awhile, both for you and her son, but the toxic relationship between you two would also hurt.
, those girls sound like tools who are just dying to be offended by proxy.
she asked if you would forgive yourself if she hurt herself while you were gone, let me ask this, would you forgive yourself if you didn’t visit your grandma and something happened to her?
but you need to stop pussyfooting around and communicate with them.
it's a shame that maddie didn't get it, but they specifically reached out to you because you're the right person for the job.
maybe you could invite your friend(s) out and say you know how hard they’ve been working and you want to have a night out with just the girls, no kids or kid talk allowed!
it’s your time and your money.
the same thing happened to my wife when she tried to go to uni.
just let him down easy and don't do so rudely or with any sort of focus on him being transgender.
they won’t get that training if you don’t speak up.
but maybe a little bit of an overreaction?
either way, your best move is to move on.
however, i know that this is always a possibility and i will not live below anyone.
, but is there any point in emailing?
you did what you thought was best for her and did your best to make sure she was safe.
sometimes you just know when something is wrong and if your husband isn’t telling you, you have to know.
she seems to be completely in denial and needs to report her boss or even find another job, because this situation is going to blow up, either with the second girl or the boss.
but maybe ask her if you can cook together and that you found a new recipe you want to try out?
maybe a realization of how bad its gotten for you will help her push herself to improve.
he knows what he's doing, but refuses help and has driven even his own daughter away with his antics.
personally, i wouldn't want to work at a place where the color of my hair made a significant impact on how i was treated.
even if he didn’t steal, he murdered someone.
i think you'll find that sex with those women is more fulfilling, because they, again, actually care.
option 3 makes you a sad sad person.
she is gonna get rejected a lot more after it in things such as job applications, so she better gets used to it.
you can't depend on someone else for your happiness....that's a lot to put on someone.
your roommate is a complete fucking asshole.
my dad's mom left him when he was 4, and he never heard from her until his 20s.
totally wrong, and you're not at all wrong for bringing it up.
i worked at a vet in hs for four years and declawing a cat is legit animal abuse.
if you care that much about her it's probably worth trying to work through it with therapy, ect.
- > does not making you an a-hole in any way.
that sounds awful and scary and nobody deserves that.
then he'd still be an asshole, but a little less of one.
i’d leave it as is honestly.
i also wouldn't bring a dog to someone who doesn't have a fenced yard.
see if some guy started telling everyone he fucked my wife, my wife wouldn't want to hang out with that person.
you need to make the arrangement and set aside some time.
tell this person that if they keep bothering you.
europe is pretty big, you know.
if someone doesn't like it, they can leave.
good for you that you're getting help.
they're not in a great situation to bring a child into this world.
, but i would explore *why* you find him so hard to deal with.
, at 13, this child definitely has the mental capacity to realise she is using 'retard' as a slur.
please be sure to take excellent care of yourself physically and emotionally.
- it’s ok to want to be on your own.
first you wait until literally the last moment to make plans with her.
if they do something that it's wrong, they shouldn't expect people to be nice to them.
there usually isn't big money in the arts but companies should at least be transparent about it.
this is going to keep playing out in different ways unless you and your spouse jointly let her know this is unacceptable behavior and if there is a problem with the baby to be specific.
and if you're petty like me, point out that you spend time away exactly because of their behavior.
if he wants to know why, just say it will mean a lot to you and you would appreciate it so much.
he's lying to you and you'd be able to find someone who's better for you that isn't three hours away.
there’s no reason for him to feel bad
, but that so called friendship sounds toxic and you need to remove yourself from it
you didn't tell her bluntly to move, you were polite and asked if you four could sit there after confirming that she was finished eating.
so she could later undercut you to your husband.
maybe we can start agreeing on chore levels each week that reflect how busy our schedules are"
if she chooses her friends over you in this situation, what with those friends being shitty people anyway, then bullet dodged.
when we hang out, i need it to just be us." i'd say don't cut ties, but let him know you can't deal with his gf and leave it in his hands.
if she was the "adopted" daugther there is a chance she was the scapegoat child in her family, kinda priming her for "family doormat".
it's obvious that he's upset by the fact that you want to take a break, and is trying to effectively undo it by forcing you back into "relationship mode".
if she’s adamant about it, tell her parents for your conscience and report her as suicidal to the police to cover your ass as a decent human being.
i wouldn’t voice your opinions on it though.
however, i do have an idea - create a 'no work' rule outside of work and try to do a fun activity, even a walk or netflix and the first person to mention work has to buy the wine, etc.
the car isnt worth 6k, why the hell would you pay that much?
if he needs more time he should talk to the teacher.
she tries to find flaws in everybody.
, you were looking out for your friend and his grandmother was reasonably suspicious.
people who fuck things up for others, just for fun, are total cunts.
have you noticed any strange behavior other than this incidence?
it's not any other member of your family.
i love pitbulls, but if * dog has a history of violence, you are totally entitled to being wary around it.
especially with how young you are, it's important to keep your friends when you're in a relationship.
they can’t just leave you hanging like that.
at the very least take this as a lesson to never loan him money again.
your absolutely doing the right thing by calling out her racist nonsense.
it's an extremely gray area, i have no idea how it will be dealt with and not a doctor so my knowledge only comes form reddit and my own amateur research!!
it's a smothering risk (at least that's what i'd be going with) people are so entitled you don't *have* to buy her anything
obviously i don't know your brother, but maybe he's worth a second chance.
&#x200b; you should definitely have a good talk with him and let your feelings be known again.
take that into consideration when making your choice.
then, without mentioning any of this to you, he has it is because of him, and him alone, that he is in canada for one week.
it might be hard to back out now without hurting people's feelings.
its just money, its not losing a friendship over.
he's not telling them that he's seeing someone else and he's taking sexy photos of them...
he's being the asshole, and if you bend, even though it's for a good cause, you're confirming to him that his asshole behavior works.
keep an eye on your friend to make sure he isn’t being taken advantage of, but if the day comes when you and your friends think it’s become a problem, let someone else initiate the discussion.
also trust me when i say it does begin to settle down and you all begin to sleep more again.
i fought in iraq and was awarded a purple heart.
sure, you are expected to be polite to your coworkers but if you feel genuinely distracted then i think they are the problem.
if you think they are toxic, go with your gut.
you could apologise for being awkward and ask how their doing
set your boundaries and stick to them.
that for me seals the deal.
high school can suck, and you could make a huge difference in this kid's life if you showed him at least kindness, if not friendship.
if a girl tries to dtr be forthcoming about how you feel.
it would be one thing if he were being honest about it and straight up asking you to give him money with no expectation of paying it back, perhaps to get him through a rough patch before he could start making money again.
&#x200b; you are dating a selfish lunatic.
be supportive in whatever way needed.
for wanting an apology, or for not wanting to pretend everything is okay.
he demands that you not be on your phone while he is paying attention to a game?
it can wait a few seconds for a break in the conversation, or can be talked about later or in a side conversation.
trust me, i’ve had “he’s just a friend” blow up in my face before.
you put a pencil on your nose, how’s that offensive lol
you’re roommate shouldn’t try and make you mow the lawn just so his girlfriend doesn’t have to do it.
he chose to drive under the influence, and he's gaslighting you by placing blame on you.
it wasn't very nice of your sister to treat you that way and you should tell her that.
from my experience - my sister had gb surgery a year ago.
i wouldn't forgive or want to spend time with them either, you're not an asshole for cutting toxic family members out of your life.
he pays the $5 penalty and he’s a passive aggressive dick for arguing.
if he responds great, if he ghosts you again then i’d say it’s time to move on.
she plays stupid games, she wins stupid prizes.
we will be in the same apartment but in totally fucking different universes sometimes.
it’s his class, and it’s his responsibility to get his finger out of his ass and organise himself to get to his class.
it took him several days to replace your old fridge?
i think maybe you need to sit her down and explain all of this to her.
it’s just something you gotta do if your folks are hella into that shit.
they are mad because they got caught?
if anything fucked her up, it was the fact that she realized she’d stalked you and been so weird and socially unacceptable that it makes her uncomfortable and upset to think about it.
you didn't enjoy it, as someone with zero artistic talent i get it.
if you gave her a chance to take it back and apologize and instead she doubled down, fuck her.
the last part i do because i genuinely want to see him since he's my best friend and i like telling him things.
- it's not practical to work on little sleep.
at no point should anyone try to make you feel bad for the way you come out, or try to make it about them.
second of all, kids aint supposed to be running around in a commemorative event for a dead loved one, especially if knocking stuff over.
: nobody decides when you get naked except for you.
dad should be glad you didn't hit the floor
the fact that she did this to you and anna, without telling either of you and is upset at you both, points to her being an arsehole.
he made you one, that's not your fault.
do you know their reasons for helping your other relatives over you?
however if you suggested he should invest in bitcoin in the last few months you're kinda the a.
you're fine, don't worry about this.
i hope your father is okay, my husband's mother died when we were 15 and it was rough to say the least, his dad died as soon as his kids were raised, i think he was just holding in long enough to finish what him and his wife started.
i bet they don't, and my homies would never do that either.
be ready when you hit 18 and graduate high school with a gameplan for your future.
my suspicion is josh is an actual cuck.
sure it could happen, but it’s far from likely.
if this was a toxic friend, then you’d be well within your rights to cut them out of your life.
- your wife is threatening you to get her way.
she sounds like she's okay with it since she's excited to spend time with your friends.
sounds like every (nasty) thing you said was said out of love for your son - and you deserve to call him that imo.
from your description this is one of those people.
hell, if it weren’t for my friends broadening my horizons in games, i’d probably never play anything other than sports games as a kid.
tell them to respect your beliefs of fuck off.
- and to be honest, i wonder why you seem to be bearing the brunt of all this change.
if he doesn't understand what you're dealing with, he's not mature enough to be with you.
definitely tell your friend why you no longer want to interact with the entitled asshole, but stick to your guns and do not let anybody convince you that you should tolerate being harassed about doing free work during your exams.
if you ever get back in contact find out how the kool-aid is at the cult meetings?
feel bad for them and their poor choices but don’t feel bad that they are responsible for the consequences of their choices.
you are lucky to have a better teacher, but a full-page cheat sheet is a concrete advantage for the other class.
you’ll probably learn a lot about each other thru this experience.
sounds like you’re caught in a shit situation, one much like what i used to be in.
unfortunately too many teens are glued to their phones instead of spending time actually interacting face to face with anyone, but if you need to use your phone a little bit when out with your family, its not interfering with the family time, and your parents are ok with it, then ignore him, he's probably just saw you on your phone and assumed you are like 99.9% of teenagers.
who knows what could have happened in that time.
it sounds like she knew you wouldn’t be ok with this so kept it from you.
i would have said no too, but would have tried to be nice and say i literally could not because of no extra money, true or not.
you need to be more open and honest with him about how you feel but it seems like he’s kinda exploiting the situation so he doesn’t have to do much work around the house and he can spend more time gaming while you have to do chores and stuff.
however, he cannot keep money for costs if he is the one failing to uphold his end of the bargain.
i am a compulsively early person myself but i sit in my car with a book until it's time to whatever.
next time you talk to her, tell her why you’re upset.
asking you to get surgery just to change your appearance is astoundingly invasive and the fact your fiance isn't protesting this is a huge red flag.
and i would even make a complaint to the store.
, your family sounds like a bunch of cunts though
, i would have appreciated that kind of constructive feedback when i was a college student.
if it was the other way around i'm sure you would.
you’re better off without that in your life.
so maybe you can agree to only vape in your room, or next to an open window.
express it to your wife, acknowledge everything that you did in this post, and do what you feel is best.
is this relationship benefitting you in the long run?
my sil is wealthy and she’s always acted like a second mom to my husband.
(this is especially true of your mother’s care given that she’s abusive.
assuming the person did something and b.
i am immersed in the tattoo culture and i am proud of collecting quality tattoos over the years, as well as cultivating an amass of great stories and friendships as a result.
you don’t buy an animal without a clear care plan.
she was rude to assume you have no other plans after you told her you would be elsewhere.
all he cares about is if i’m happy, and sometimes i’m just not and usually he blames himself.
she's taking advantage of you and then being manipulative about it.
not only is that implied relationship super creepy, its also probably illegal.
if you're not happy in your job look for another.
yes, he's your father, but he doesn't seem like a "dad." you're free to live your life with kindness and shed the negativity that drags you down.
is she expecting to keep her stuff there?
sounds like your ex-girlfriend needs some serious therapy.
you’re being a good person, your friend is an asshole.
she wasn't being nice, she was being a condescending old bag.
you’re not “getting them evicted”, they’re getting themselves evicted for repeatedly ignoring the request from the landlord to correct the issue.
but women use more tp than men - we don’t just use it while pooping.
if you do want to talk about this w her, be very gentle bc she doesn’t seem like she’s crowding you on purpose.
all you can do right now is be supportive and try to get her the help she needs.
you don't owe your ex girlfriend anything.
you should not have to take care of their child.
for being annoyed that someone is playing music loudly enough that it can be heard from buildings away.
you would be more in the right to ask them to get divorced than for them to ask you to separate!
he changed the game and you should have gone on your trip and left the details to him to work out who would be in the store and when.
it sounds like your brother didn't want you there and your presence would have caused more harm than help.
i am unclear exactly how/why you would think you would be the asshole for trying to remove your nephews from an unstable environment.
just go on living your life and ignore this non-friend.
i personally think you should tell them that you are not interested and that the repeated attempts have made you and your so uncomfortable.
don't go out with your friends spend all your time with me is a base compatibility issue.
just to be clear, he didn’t spend anything on the phone at the time.
, i’ve been having this issue with mine and my fiancé’s elderly dog.
it's just common courtesy when talking to someone online
move out or live by her rules
let go and do whatever takes to stay away- even if it means changing cities.
&#x200b; this is not on you- the decision to break up is entirely your own and you have the right to do so, and it is her decision how she reacts.
i got to see the stuff my gf picked out, but all i could do was imagine what she looked like in it until later that evening.
generally speaking, canadian provinces are very tenant friendly.
getting engaged does not absolve him of anything - stick to your guns; if you don't want to congratulate him, don't.
if he can’t handle that, he should have left you alone.
you may be able to set up a space into which only the cat can access through a size appropriate pet door.
if that's not why he's upset, tell him to go fuck himself and get new friends.
you mum has fallen out with him, but he's still your dad.
one i dated (and she moved in with me) insisted on keeping her online status as "divorced".
by trying to buy you something as a gift or as a surprise, there is always the chance that you won't like it.
everyone has one, they all stink, and no one cares about yours.
that's very manipulative, not just towards you but also towards the teen being taken advantage of.
he'd tell her you were a friend of his that always had a crush on him and that you were jealous of their engagement.
you weren't trying to screw anyone over and you sent a picture so they could have clarified that they used that seal.
if i were you and knew there was no way it would be illegal i would do this in a heartbeat.
definitely , but your boyfriend has a lot to be desired.
what is important to note here is that *i felt rejected as a spouse by her lack of interest in intimacy.* 5) so you really need a heart to heart with him.
as much as you don’t like a’s husband, c may not be ready to let her relationship with her mom go.
the only thing i can think of is if friend a is very anti piracy as a filmmaker, and would get mad to know friend b torrents.
i just wouldn't watch tv with these people.
, "you don't call retarded people retards.
if that guy is pressing that hard, i doubt he'd respond super well to the news she doesn't like men.
i feel like an honest discussion about each others needs (where you both agree not to get angry) might help here.
don't cut yourself out of her life because that's when she'll really get worried.
-- let me introduce you to the greatest thing for relationships since separate blankets: the venting advisory.
also consider that "shots and throwing up" sounds normal to some, but that's alcohol abuse for sure.
no different to saying a homophobic joke and saying that a gay person shouldn’t take offence because it was meant to be funny.
everyone else needs to get over it.
pit bulls shouldn't be around babies and children.
besides, you weren't even rude about it.
but sounds like you’re the rebound.
just make sure you don’t need anything at all from her.
honestly seeing each other once a year would have been a breaking point for me.
looking at how she reacted it's possibly you misunderstood the context.
this should be a big red flag warning you to end things with him.
you’re already taking a day off and have offered your help, and you’ll be there as soon as you can.
your roommate is probably hurt because she wants to continue being your friend, meanwhile you're grappling with anxiety which makes it hard for you to do that.
but as he is your roommate, this might complicate things.
because it's not your fault he got depressed but his parents definitely are
, but as someone who's spent most of their adult life in middle management, please proceed with homeboy's best intentions in mind.
if people dont get that, then they will get a reality check when they get into the real world.
all actions have consequences, let this be hers.
that ‘test slice’ can be discarded (a lot of people don’t want the first cut slice) or it can be given as a sample.
you paid/own that spot, you decide what you want to do with it/who you want parking there.
once it's gone it's not theirs anymore and it's not like the owner would then allow them to have any actual interest in the property that continued beyond the sale.
two wrongs do not make a right.
live your life, not a version you settle for because of your parents.
unfortunately, you can’t really control what she does but if she decides to go after something that makes her partner genuinely upset and uncomfortable, it says something about her...
will doing it affect your relationship with him?
honestly everyone's saying you shouldn't yell at your grandma because she was doing what she did out of love, but that excuse has never sat right with me.
for expecting to spend new years with her, but i think you dug your own grave here.
even if you are less attracted sexually you may find yourself more attracted to her in other ways.
if he and his wife aren’t willing to accommodate you and your guest, why should you do them this giant favor?
giving the dogs what's best is what needs to happen, and i doubt having her go to germany with you will give them a better life.
you need support and understanding and she seems extremely disrespectful.
you have a right to enjoy your holiday how you want without others making you feel guilty.
and don't do their work for them.
you get to spend the time with your friends however you want.
if you buy that computer, you'd only be enabling him.
things are still shaky at best but i may have to just cut my losses and walk away.
your sister is being out of order not your fault she fell
you really need to get on the same page with money because if you're going to be raising a child together, you need to commit some funds in common.
second of all - that aside, you'd be entitled to say "i can't work that shift, i have plans that evening." you're not scheduled to work then.
but honestly he sounds like a inconsiderate snob.
the minister told me that baptizing a baby was really a commitment that the parents make to raising the child in that religion.
you did right to be honest with your friend.
her being full time employee is irrelevant.
and sympathy is given to those who deserves.
>he said - somewhere in the back of my mind im scared that im not attracted to you due to your weight ok so first off lets address that you're  for considering ending this relationship.
like just a total passive aggressive dick.
this honestly seems incredibly disrespectful towards you.
she could have made the suggestion in a discussion with you at any time and it would have turned out better.
and if your friend can't accept that his fiance's behavior is rude and unacceptable, then maybe you should talk to him about it and if he still doesn't see a problem, consider finding a new friend.
, your roommates are being disrespectful and selfish.
i hope what you said is a wake-up call.
why must people pretend to feel sadness that someone who physically and mentally abused them!
that's a pretty shit gift tbh.
the model is still a form of art and you made it, so you can do what ever you damn well please with it.
however, as you said he is young, he was raised that way, and he may not yet have had a chance to change his mind, so try not to write him off forever.
hide a little gift, a little note in her car or write her a special email.
is there something else going on behind the scenese that's making this questionable for you?
you don't need any reason to not let him use your stuff.
it'll hurt her even more if she ever finds out you knew and said nothing.
you're not an asshole for bringing it up.
, if this scenario actually occurred as it is written, it sounds insufferable.
but definitely don't keep jumping to conclusions!
you know what you want and are fiercely independent.
that’s the point of watching a movie!”
the big red flag for me is that you set boundaries and she got pissed off.
you should probably check out r/raisedbynarcissits and make plans to move out as soon as you’re 18 and able.
- if you act like a bitch, don’t be surprised when you get called a bitch
but that is also understandable given the circumstances.
i think it's dangerous without a formal agreement -- when a pipe bursts, is he going to want you to pay for some or all of the plumber's bill and cleanup costs?
obviously you should have set some healthy boundaries, sooner, but in this case, they need to respect that it isn't *their* home, they don't get to act like it is, just because they like your dog.
good to see you walked away.
expecting them to do something is a totally appropriate feeling, but it likely isn't going to happen.
not her boyfriend or his kid.
she is just going to continue to toy with you, ignore her and do you.
sorry you’re married to a manchild op.
let's not continue this." you don't need to completely ghost him!
she's a bitch and doesn't deserve your time.
anyone who pressured you and guilted you are the real assholes.
it sounds as though he wants the benefits of being a father without the responsibility.
it’s really weird that they would get so mad about it.
i wouldn't let her continue to use my stuff.
i can’t count how many times an old sack of shit has tried to be an ass to me and regretted it.
please let me know if this is agreeable and we can discuss the details further".
she is not a good friend, or even a friend at all.
and *definitely*  about the drunk driving thing.
&#x200b; your sister might be too young to understand that, but hell - i grew up watching brutal nature documentaries in 7th and 8th grade, in class.
, people always use the "it's a joke" thing so when they do something wrong they don't have to take responsibility.
you are in the space you play to live in, not an guest.
i know at first blush it almost always seems to the working parent they will be doing more work.
as long as you ate all of it, i say you’re fine.
some people prefer their private room to common areas because they don’t feel like socializing.
if they were so “worried” about you they could’ve just kept calling until they found a time you weren’t busy, but frankly, it seems more like they wanted revenge for you not calling them since they must already know you’re not suicidal anymore
if the new girl makes you happy, then date her.
he may be mad, but you were reasonably concerned about his health and safety and i think you did the right thing.
, they absolutely should have asked and had you signed a photo release.
why do the parents take all the money?
- the guy literally threatened to kill you and your housemates are frustrated at you?
if she doesn't talk to him how does she know he's continuing to be manipulative?
as long as you're not leaving snotty napkins and chewed food sitting around i think you're okay.
also, you didn't tell her to move.
you owe no friend anything about your life.
for your friend to block you for this shows you what kind of friend he is, and where his priorities are.
but take the initiative and create a social chat group.
while your cousin may have brain damage, they seem to pass by or ignore his past, which was the way he got there.
she was lashing out at you.
if so, servers don't get paid much and they rely on tips.
i don’t care how often i had been friends with someone, i would end a friendship over something like this.
that said i think there's more to it than this.
not sure why everyone is giving the op grief for not waking him up, especially as he acts like a shitbag when woken up.
this sounds like a very dependent relationship and extremely one-sided.
it's probably not worth being angry for a really long time, because they are just things even if you like them a lot, but your initial reaction is totally justified.
her discomfort can mean a lot of things—it is uncomfortable to potentially learn something about your child that might profoundly affect how you/others perceive him.
you don't have to stay as a hostage to her desire to party.
it's not appropriate for him to be sharing information with friends about your sex life without your consent.
but does she understand the exact reasons for you stopping by “just to get money”?
i'm sure it gets frustrating trying to both learn english *and* learn in an english school.
take care if your other nephews suddenly get sick.
my specific culture has history books written about their males raping the females for dominance).
if the little bags don’t work out or you don’t feel up to trying that route again, find a good shelter because they’ll really love that donation.
you have to look after yourself.
this message came ftom m and it could just be him causing drama, speak to e about it before making any drastic decisions about your friendship
if you just sit there and stare, there's no way for them to tell that you've seen and acknowledged them, so now they have to deal with you being unpredictable to them and possibly end up compromising their attention and making a mistake.
she's probably only getting pissy about stuff because she's stressed.
don’t buy shit else with your hard earned money - just save up for your own space sooner rather than later.
he should be kicked out not enabled.
as a society, we know that nearly all (or a good chunk?
you got the tip before the new standard was set.
it doesn’t seem likely that he is that upset over simply a cat fur joke.
it’s ok to ask for help when you need it.
maybe for the future have a few workouts designed that you and your dad agree on as an appropriate replacement for running when it is too cold or you can't run for some other reason.
you told him to stop, he didnt, and you made him stop.
between the broken promises, what appears to be poor financial decisions, manipulation, and questionable caretaking, your father sounds as though he ranges anywhere from incredibly immature to borderline abusive.
make the most of the brief time you have now before you are obligated to work to support yourself to develop yourself in ways that many of us neglect to do once we go to work full time.
she's losing her lil baby boy and can't process it.
the way you describe it, he was the asshole here.
- “r” needs to learn this and treat you with respect if he wants to retain you as a friend.
but, the police won't do anything.
for being ticked off about it.
she's just upset at the bad news.
my only question is, does your brother need the car?
you have been far far too lenient with these people.
you both need to decide if this is a deal breaker for either of you, because there is no compromising, just someone giving up on something he strongly want.
your boyfriend is being a dimwit with his money, if it's worth fighting for, i can understand setting limits and trying to show him how his gaming habits are affecting his finances, but if he doesn't understand or is willing to change, then you could probably find a better boyfriend.
you probably want to be upfront and tell her you’re applying too though unless you plan on never telling her if you get it.
you help out how you can, and he said some pretty mean things to you.
as such, at first i thought his remark of your being obligated to blow him may very well have just been him acting out after a rough day, as he mentioned.
clearly, they are capable of harm just most aren't inclined to.
be prepared to call the cops on him, he’s not a welcome guest, and you don’t know how intoxicated he’ll be when he comes back.
your husband is pretty lucky you had the guns to stick around through her nonsense.
if you were not sick then it would have been assholish, but considering the circumstances you're .
a former faculty advisor (the first openly gay teacher in our school) constantly insisted that several of the boys in our club were gay and ‘just didn’t know it yet’.
this was an issue in my house over our console, but now if we want to go on, we ask something like, "hey, when you get to the next save point, can i go on?" doesn't sound pushy, so it's less likely to devolve into an argument.
you have right to be annoyed by her lack of professionalism but it would be better if you handle it with more tact.
after you pulled receipts on her, she tried killing herself???
but do it soon, it sounds like the poor cat is suffering.
i don't know about the time line but it sounds like he left you for someone else, lied about it, then tried to get back together simply because he failed with the other girl and didn't want to be alone.
you are , it's hard to hear that you're seeing things through a negative filter and that probably hurt her feelings but she needed to hear it.
in no way am i saying it's the dog's fault.
even if you qualify/took fmla, it’s unpaid.
it would be nice if it was to lull you into a surprise party for you though.
apologize, return the money, ask to clean the last few weeks from the slate, and move on.
it was your friends poor planning skills that ruined it
my mom, who is an exceptionally nice person who goes out of her way for people, has dealt with this, too.
i know my husband would resent me if i never drove, and rightly so.
don't give the dog away to someone who doesn't offer proof.
if you can't afford it, you can't afford it.
i would have just stared at doug the whole time alex was going off on you.
honestly if you peed in the middle of his living room floor after that disgusting encounter i wouldn't be able to call you an asshole.
the coordinator was petty with her post, but she's right.
your brother is just a selfish ass if he won’t support his children and doesn’t want anyone else to either.
this brings up the topic of love languages though!
you clearly don't think too well of him, and you demonstrated it.
that is her brother and yeah, he's being a total ass and hopefully she can acknowledge that.
- you’re not responsible for another adult’s bad choices.
in my experience, timing is definitely important; you're unlikely to have a productive conversation when either of you are fraught with emotions or feel put on the spot.
and yes, you are a doormat by letting yourself be their therapist & making all the time for your friends but you won't talk about your own pressing issues with them.
i think you know your , it seems like you just wanted to write out all your complaints because this whole thing is just a complaints list and a story of how no one considered you, your feelings or wishes for your birthday.
you definitely are in it for bf and doing what's right for him.
wasting the time of a thief only stops him from being able to steal from others.
that’d be uncomfortable for many *adult* siblings.
they might be more smart or funny or affectionate or curious instead.
sleep is very important for ones physical and emotional well-being.
what does this reunion have to offer you except dismissal, invalidation, and further hurt.
i know someone with a super similar story so if so: hi taylah?
lmfao didn’t read all the way but .
your son asked for your husband's opinion.
before you do so, have a conversation with your mother and explain your feelings.
honestly, even i would turn down any girl who i am not physically and/or psychologically attracted to.
if i said anything to them about it being my seat, i would be the asshole.
she could have asked you to meet her at the hospital if she knew it was going to take over 40 minutes for you to even get home
number two and three are different, they knew there's something wrong with their offspring.
there is clearly no reasoning with your family but your girlfriend seems like a person you could talk,explain and then enjoy an awesome day with.
because peoples sexuality is different and relationships are different...
he ended up having a heart attack and that was his wake up call.
i think you need a better best friend.
and you 100% need to report this guy to whoever his boss is.
this guy belongs in a jail imo
that being said it doesn't sound like their intent is bad, but their execution sucks.
and then admitted she's talking to her ex that she clearly still loves, but wont tell you what they talk about?
this is just an issue you two are incompatible on.
but it would be a negative move to say anything about it with no evidence.
he was also our mother's favourite.
until your daughter can understand that it is not ok to act this way regardless of what somebody else does, you might be in the right here.
if she confronts you with it then give excuses.
he does not respect your boundaries.
one other thing, toridee89 had some really great advice.
your father in law needs to get over it.
you don't need to put yourself in a position to be his new mom because you think he needs to fly free.
sounds like you and the kid both care a lot about each there and like they need the support.
here we could just document his actions, figure out who he is and report him to the city and he would be getting a home visit.
i suggest that you two move out together in the original timeline, and let her brother and his gf deal with her anxiety attacks.
he needs a different support system.
if they don't understand then they're being unreasonable.
it was not his to give away.
however it's not the end of the world if you didn't.
and you should tell your brother, that dropped from the brother trip is painful.
well, obviously you could, but would it make you happy?
you never have to do something sexually you aren't comfortable with, whether it is with your husband or the postman or a one night stand or whomever.
suggest just to rinse face with water in the morning.
some of the best advice i ever got (about my own father) was “you can have silence and make it a nice silence”.
everyone is allowed to celebrate halloween, she just choose not to.
do they think that anyone involved with the making of the film can hear them?
not everyone is the same, some people are more intelligent than others.
even if you wouldn’t have the strength of a man to physically stop it, you’d be a witness and someone to scare him off.
and good trap!😂👏👏👏👏👏 she shouldn’t be snooping with her nosey self!
she already showed you her true colors, and anything she does differently now will only be because of your girlfriend, not because she actually gives a fig about you as a person.
your neighbor is kind of a weirdo, and you should just disregard him completely.
if you're not scheduled, you're not obligated.
give and take is very important- so is compromise!
shouldn’t even need to ask after he called you a selfish bitch.
i wouldn’t wish ill will or death on anyone, and i don’t know the family, but if it is how you say it is and the mother isn’t all that loving...
, but refrain from cutting ties as you leave.
neither of you owes the other one anything.
the guy she started dating i think is very justified because you just didn’t want him to be hurt the same at you did.
, but it also did come out poorly worded.
if the friendship is important, for the sake of civility, throw them a tenner.
that everyone mostly relied on you and discounted your ideas led to further frustration.
it sounds like a one-sided relationship.
but even that being said sounds like you guys both have trust issues.
- if you're in the us only having one toilet is against osha regulations.
shame on your aunt for being a manipulative asshole.
especially since she knows the place, it's basically risk-free.
😂 she will flip a shit if you forget that one!
>they went on to insinuate that i was "in league" with the shoplifter somehow.
, your parents are the assholes here for being so cavalier about that cat's safety.
play with fire and you run the risk of getting burned.
her trying to guilt and bully you into it should tell you all you need to know about her personality.
: - for reasons listed below.
women that do things like this are as disgusting as men who force themselves on women.
doesn’t mean you have to tell them to fuck off.
you are completely in the right here dude.
(except for seats and mirrors, temporarily, in the interests of safety)
you did nothing wrong here op.
- that sounds like a bunch of borderline homo erotic fraternity bro shit.
, cause you're inevitably using helping delay or prevent someone else from being a victim.
sometime when you're not mad at her, tell her you two need to have a talk (this puts all but the most oblivious of people on notice that this is serious) then tell her your why this upsets you.
but it sounds like you're being very reasonable in your expectations and not expecting your partner to be a maid either.
be aware that florida is a two-party consent state for recording conversations.
, chips are serious business, and what if their hands are dirty?
if your mother is how you state she is - your son will find out for himself at some point.
it sounds like your little brother is trying to scam you, as he did the previous day.
if you have to then just be honest about how much you don't like her, or how much you don't like how she has treated you.
but at least try to get to know him.
they put very little effort into rectifying their error.
a kid can be a kid just about anywhere.
it doesn’t matter that you briefed michelle about the phone.
, it's nice that they want to support you but if you don't wanna talk about it that's your call.
your boyfriend is being selfish and unreasonable.
it's probably best to bite the bullet and trust that as friends, they'll understand that you committed and later realized you can't or it's not something you'd enjoy.
simply tell her you’d love to spend a couple of days, but that you have stuff you need to do, too.
now your friend is upset but its alright to be upset.
, but maybe stop being “ambivalent” and just unequivocally state that you don’t want children.
good for you for towing him.
she needs to go to the internship coordinator and lay everything on the table.
anyway even though this seems kinda random and won’t likely ever come up i just want to make sure you hear the truth from me rather than the lie from other people.” use words like awkward and anyway to keep the conversation loose, and make sure to keep talking so that she doesn’t interrupt (for example after you say that you were accused of raping someone) which would prevent her from hearing the full truth.
she sounds like a terrible roommate.
he just started in this industry.
he's mad because he's realized that you really aren't all that into him as a romantic partner.
she runs her own businesses but can't google "restaurants near me".
right now, i'm having a really tough time, and i can't deal with your girlfriend.
i would have expected the same, but you didn't talk about it beforehand.
after that edit, i gotta say, he sounds like a tool.
it’s not your job to help her if she won’t help herself.
, but the outpouring was a bit much.
you won't get better with feeding your mental sickness like that about refusing your girlfriend, i won't say what you done is right or wrong but your girlfriend has a right to get angry to you about it, firstly you guys living together and you are masturbating?
you seem like someone who's conscious of their privilege.
it’s your decision if you go or not.
it will be a small price to pay to be rid of him.
i dont know much about british housing but if you handled it quietly without the police would you still need to declare it?
just tell them you’re not into band or play super badly depending on how you think they may react
if he'd explicitly asked you to lie and you'd agreed then sure, you fucked up by violating that agreement but expecting you to just know what's confidential and what's not is silly.
he sounds like the kind of guy who'd claim credit for an original curriculum even though you shared it with him.
the guy probably was just having a bad day/running late himself.
lovely beaches, opportunities for jungle hikes/adventure, fairly short flight, plenty of non-crowded adult resorts, different vibe than mexico, not too expensive.
- you owe him absolutely nothing.
she’s refusing any method of birth control at all from what you’ve said.
there is nothing to be embarrassed about.
it’s very understandable not wanting to leave your home country for somewhere unfamiliar.
i had a friend whose ex was being fed information about her from facebook mutuals and causing drama over it.
let us examine the evidence: she wasn't having sex with you and told you it was her "low sex dive".
i usually clean up my room 1-2 a week, but i let empty glasses (from water) and laundry pile up until it’s become too much for me.
i understand and i don't blame them.
you are putting her out of misery so it’s a humane reason.
who the hell plays the relentless hero trying to catch a petty thief?
he needs a therapist, he's unhealthily obsessed.
having them there would at the end of the day take away from your wedding.
if your husband won't go, go alone.
make sure you get your neighbors involved also, whomever it affects should have no issue lending their voice hopefully.
your "love" for this man isn't going to fix anything.
she stalked my landlords to find out information, pretended to be me on multiple occasions to find out how much we owed for our bills, and tried to have my husband arrested on multiple occasions as well as call cps to have our kids taken away.
if you dont want to be friends with someone, that's not a crime.
it sounds to me like your boyfriend is being incredibly petty and childish about the whole thing.
i think she had too many chances, and is quite a toxic person.
it's basically saying "my feelings take precedent." that shit is going to happen in relationships - there will be days that are awful for one of you and great for another.
if you still see a chance to save this marriage, i recommend some form of counseling.
- sounds like the fiancee is expecting a sugar-daddy.
then he gets mad at you?
your doing a good job supporting him, he is very lucky.
i would of cut her off too.
as a disc gets worn it flies uniquely compared to a new one.
sounds like you’re putting in some good faith effort to spend time with them, but if it’s never enough you’ve got to set some boundaries.
they told us that she “says she’s sorry” (she’s not, she messaged him multiple times and told him that he deserved everything she did) and that it wasn’t as bad as he says it was, which is absolutely untrue.
someone she probably knows is a dick and feels could be a threat to your relationship with her.
i think he needs to look at himself on this one.
because she obviously knows best and her judgements must be handed out.
you are  for wanting a relationship with your kids.
i don't think you have any obligation to host people, especially in these scenarios.
how is it so easy for every other guy to do, but it's impossible for me.
he wasn't using it, and he can wait like everyone else.
well to be fair you didn’t really give her the particular flavor she was familiar with because you were out.
but your post reads like you haven't reached that point yet and you still have very hard feelings.
i am also just a born night owl and my doctor says that as long as i am as productive as i would normally be if i woke up early, then it doesnt matter.
finally, when you break down over it they claim you're too sensitive (even more abuse).
if you calmly explained your point then absolutely .
but next time be mindful of jokes like that.
she likes to sleep late this time every week and could you not play loudly till like 11 or 12?
once a baby is clean, dry and full you don't have to hold a crying baby.
he's unreliable and your relationship isn't very stable to begin with.
, i grew up in a strict household too.
people change and sometimes grow apart.
you're all just people following their heart and not really being malicious in the process.
you should seek therapy to work on eventually leaving that behind you
i'm an asthmatic, thankfully my parents don't smoke anymore.
if it’s so urgent she wouldn’t be going on holiday.
, you don't have to want kids.
, why did your mother even stick her nose into this?
because if you tell felix or it gets back to felix that you're actually 100% straight and only willing to date him because of all the ways he doesn't pass for a dude, felix is gonna feel like shit and no one wants that.
, and this: >every time we hang out i come out of it just feeling awful is all the justification you need.
probably time for a serious chat about it, and if no change a break up.
he asks for your support - quite literally holding his hand through it.
i was in your exact situation, and my parents behaved the same way.
and if they are making repeated attempts and "jokes" which you don't respond to and they don't understand what the lack of response means, they clearly don't understand boundaries.
poor thing needs a doctor for that anxiety, can't be good for her life.
you can hang when you have time and when you have time you can invite them over.
he's got to know that's not okay given the nature of his work and all the information he has about you through it.
your father is probably acting out a bit from the death of his brother.
would you feel bad for kicking a random asshole out of your own house?
neither of us has the right to force/guilt each other into anything.
it got to the point where i was trying to talk to him about something pretty major that i was struggeling with and just get interupted by him talking about how he didnt get his dream job.
hell i probably would have whapped him with my cast if i were in your shoes.
can you try cooking yours & your sons meal gf, & only have two meals made a day?
, it is not your responsibility to provide anyone with anything.
if he asks you out, politely decline and appreciate his guts in putting himself out there.
i'm 5'9 and i do my best not to stand directly in front of shorter people, but there's only so much i'm willing to do to accommodate a stranger who bought exactly the same kind of ticket that i did.
...your friend doesn’t have to know?
your mom is upset because she wants you to be able to go to things you want to attend, but she made prior plans.
at all your argument is valid, i agree completely.
but i'd keep an eye on the baby and her mom and make sure you know the cps number in case things go downhill from here.
, but it sounds like your misinterpreting why your friend was annoyed.
not that you didnt kiss her, but how you handled things leading up to it may have made you an asshole.
in fact, your wife and your mil are both in asshole territory for missing your mom’s birthday.
most men would give up their unbio daughter and leave their wife.
either way, you need to do something about it because from what i can tell he sure as hell won't stop.
it's an odd request to want alone time like that but i'm a lonely guy so idk.
jim is what some people might call "in the fog." if you can't encourage him to do what's healthy for himself and leave, be supportive and ready to back him up if he should change his mind in the end, or if she cheats again.
people keep saying “it’s just a video game.” the game is not the point.
just because someone has a religious belief doesnt mean everyone around them needs to cater to that belief.
ps: i am also hoping to see the end of tom brady's career.
please don't be hard on your friend, either - it's incredibly hard to leave an abuser, that's what they want.
i don't think anyone's the asshole here - it's just a matter of different beliefs on this subject.
if it will be traumatic for you to see her with her new beau, maybe it is best that you don’t go to the party.
, there also should be a board or elsewhere to mail about this optometrist robot, it seems like it may need relicensing.
but maybe you could take 10 minutes to point out some stuff online that your mum might like and they can go pick up themselves later.
you have every right to be pissed, especially if he refused to remove it.
no one should feel bad about not liking something because they are afraid of being labeled a bigot.
you don't have to eat something just because it was provided.
that's not your fault, but when customers mention a mistake, they're 99% of the time saying it because they expect us to offer them something.
it's just kinda a rule that you don't touch the diabetic kids food??
it’s normal to block ex’s nowadays while angry wounds heal.
just flat out say no to him, or if you don't want to sound like a jerk, give him a few tips and pointers, but never your full curriculum.
but you’re not an asshole for taking back an invitation you shouldn’t have extended in the first place
the situation is a *touch* confusing without knowing the layout of everything, but i'm assuming you looked over his shoulder to see if they had a card reader?
you're  but you also don't understand how hep c works.
and even if it were you still wouldn’t be an asshole, your sister is being intolerant.
he needs to chill tf out.
he broke her heart too, in my mind that could mean she might not be completely over him?
they could lose they key or give it to somebody else and it could be tracked back to you and then you could get evicted.
he's clearly in an abusive relationship.
i'm going to go with  based on simple information provided
but ultimately it’s up to her to do something.
in no way are you being an asshole in this situation, the comments aren't meant in a disrespectful manner.
- other people have lots of things i don’t have.
that jerkwad asshole you were dealing with, he can go fuck his pompous condescending nitwit self.
your gf needs a chill pill.
companies have an image to keep, and having half naked pictures of their employees leads to a very high sexual assualt risk for custmors and employees.
it depends on the person and your relationship to them.
i don't think it makes you an asshole, but it may make you unemployed if you do it enough.
and i think that's frankly completely unfair.
i'm understanding you learned your lesson.
being part of a wedding is a privilege, not a right.
but, people do change, especially after military service and life changing things like that.
those cues were for the bailing barbers.
b) i would make it very clear that you will never ever drive her again.
however i understand that he's upset.
but she should have just been straight up so you knew.
if he didn't want to get caught, he shouldn't have been cheating.
i don't think it's anything worth breaking up over, but i can understand why you would be annoyed.
just keep your communication open with her.
share your passwords if you want to, but demanding it from your partner and saying you wouldn't reciprocate makes him a super asshole.
the fact that you butted in, and that caused everything to escalate, isn't good.
i think whether you emailed or called, it's totally fine.
they both get control, the people around them don't.
as an introvert, spending 4 hours with someone i just met sounds like my worst nightmare.
it may not be intentional, and she may not realize she’s doing it.
i’ve used this method many times with my wife.
sounds like an awesome idea actually.
he probably thought it would somehow convince you to go out with him again.
, you wear what makes you happy!
has she tried to get her family to include you in the conversation?
so she is totally disrespecting you by doing it anyways.
your hubs needs to get his priorities in check.
because i think it's fair to ask her to do 70% or such *but* you might have to figure out how to say it in such a way that she understands you're not accusing her of being lazy and that you're not trying to criticize her not working full time.
and expect your friendship to possibly be damaged until they eventually break up.
maybe the way it was told here just wasn't clear, but if he's paying the bills with shared money, just give what is necessary to cover your half of expenses, especially if he's spending $2k on gaming shit without telling you.
, their parents are teaching them to be spoiled brats, but not giving them any gift might strain your relationship with them.
like you, she needs someone to talk to, vent to, and be real with.
if you want to dispute it, just explain what happened.
next time, stick to your contract.
if you're gonna spend that money, spend it clearing your debt.
i actually think it would be poignant and sweet to leave that space empty in honour of your absent friend.
grandmas do this all the time though.
, not everyone is super social or wants to have small talk.
- it’s ok to be upset about no sex.
personally, i think putting tampons in the kitchen trash is disgusting.
at all, but you should talk to the parents beforehand.
however this is *their* problem, not yours.
no no no no no no no tell everyone.
it's easier and better mentally to just walk away.
for not wanting to be a backing track to a stranger singing, but i think you should reconsider playing.
, and maybe consult with r/relationshipadvice because that's some shady, fucked up, unfair bs
that’s not to say you ever should be as open as he is, because there’s no “should” in expressing yourself
your kid, your life, your party.
just stop hanging out with her and you're good.
she was happy to string you along, so who gives a shit what she thinks about you sticking that d in b's a?
the catalyst for me was having kids.
now, if you want to date her, maybe that's different.
if he knows, then he needs to adapt.
i wouldn't be surprised if you weren't suffering from a form of ptsd.
but that doesn't sound like what you're doing
“i applied for jobs that i’m the best fit for.” honey, you can’t be picky anymore, i don’t give a shit if you’re underemployed, it’s better than mooching off of a friend.
he sounds like he doesn’t want to spend money on you, like you do on him.
i'd move out explaining that his one sidedness about this makes it feel like you're living in his home and that it doesn't feel like you two are sharing a home together with mutually understood boundaries.
but honestly if you can’t trust someone you shouldn’t be having sex with them so how can you be an asshole here?
make sure you don’t back down from this after your vacation either.
your school should have some sort of counselor or school therapist.
as a faithful husband of 21 years, married to a wonderful woman who's sex drive is lower than most, (including extremely rare oral) i can provide some possible insights.
i feel like the if this happened when i was a kid my mom would throw my n64 off the roof and i would've appreciated this other option
maybe if you were making a racist comment with a black emjoi or something, but a wizard???
chances are very good that she would’ve continued to ask you for money and things could have come to a head when you finally told her no.
it can help you both get to the root of this.
that shows a giant lack of respect towards you.
she should be accurate with her listings.
did you marry my abusive ex husband?
if she wants as much work as she's expecting, she needs to pay people and expect to give credit where credit is due.
also, you didn't list your gender or her sexual orientation but if it was me (a man), i'd think she was into me, in which case she's high-key harassing you.
i instinctively say yes to people constantly because i want to help but often realize i'm out of my depth.
i know this won't be massively popular: you're  but you should review your friendship.
you did the right thing this way - you didn't name names so the specific girls won't get in trouble and hopefully it will stop before the troop gets disbanded.
you can't make her get help.
i don't get this at all.
try not to impose your will on her, as it's likely she'll end up feeling even more helpless/powerless (that's likely why she threatened disinviting you...it's really important that she have control of this situation).
you were actually very nice about it considering he ignored you and such.
the biggest red flag is him taking you to see a therapist, that's manipulative as hell!
you made it clear to her that you were not well-equipped enough in life to handle her life problems after giving her advice time and time again that she chooses to ignore.
you are also not responsible for their judgements.
you weren’t wanting nor did ask for this.
if paul's behavior is so grating, you are not assholes for choosing to not have him in your company.
because they are completely stepping all over your boundaries.
maybe a support group, or another mom or a therapist or something?
they purposely ask so if you say no you feel like an asshole
you’re not really an asshole, it’s maybe a bit harsh to break a friendship over this though.
don't let that happen, continue to respect her, and evaluate yourself regularly...
you've got to look out for yourself too.
i worry about your safety considering you called the cops on her, it might be a good idea to leave the house for a little while or move out if you can.
what they are doing is demanding favors, which is asshole behavior.
it sounds like she's very hurtful.
unless you somehow caused the damage it isn't your responsibility to pay, you didn't so .
if you don't want to know him, don't.
if you don't, you are subjecting him to violence - and he will not defend himself from her, out of devotion to you.
they violate your wishes with your property.
you need time for yourself and there’s nothing wrong with boundaries.
i'd love to talk about your political motivations since you sound like a reasonable person and i'd be interested to hear where you're coming from with your views.
if she is a friend worth keeping, she will own up to it and apologize when you call her out.
i see why you feel that way.
she's kind of being a jerk.
if people make fun of you, you don’t have to give them your money.
you have every right to be annoyed, but whether you choose to act on this (and how) or not could make you look like an asshole.
he knows how to organize and you don’t and the whole trip you’re off kilter because you can’t find things you’re sure you packed.
also it's a rooming assignment for a ski trip, it's really not that big of a deal, you just have to be civil and if they can't do that then idk what to tell you.
your managers are the assholes for putting their employees and customers at risk.
i’m gonna disagree with the other comments and say .
they give you some basic "duh!" advice and then they move to start trying to scam you into paying them for and doing all these seminars and mailing lists.
by the time you realize it's not gonna happen, you don't want to walk away/interject after 5 mins of standing by idly.
have you talked to him since?
at the same time, you should absolutely let her know this is making you very uncomfortable (hey, he doesnt seem over you, this is making me uncomfortable).
that said, you’re free to tell them if they do that again without asking, you’ll move for eviction.
personally, i have deep religious convictions but don't publicly go on about them unless directly asked, and even then, i avoid doing it online.
their job is to help you and there is no reason that you don't deserve sympathy and assistance because you haven't done anything to deny yourself that.
as you said, you discussed boundaries before hand and seem to be sticking to those by not sleeping with her friends which i think is fair.
they don't know what's going on.
being challenged or confronted doesn't automatically mean they're trying to provoke, just be careful not to get into a routine of shutting down everyone who might make you slightly uncomfortable.
, sounds like she's being a hypocrite.
pull yourself out of this project.
it feels cold to just cut them off, and it's also just a bummer to lose a good friend.
you persuaded him to ask her out when you had no other information than they were very close friends and he really liked her, suddenly getting the information that she isnt into him doesn't mean that you're now choosing for him.
so yeah maybe you should have called and explained the situation.
i know the expression is blood is thicker than water but good quality maple syrup is thicker than blood so f* your family and go have pancakes.
from what you describe he's essentially turned your parents on you to be able to keep his sweet highs and block all interference.
if they honestly felt like it was their place to interfere with your personal interactions and accost you with insults in the middle of her party, they made the decision to ruin the event all on their own.
why should you care if she has an issue who you are with?
if it isn't blacklisted, reply that she falsely advertised her phone as unlocked and that it was never your responsibility to unlock it in the first place.
there's definitely something suspicious going on here.
i may agree with a lot of what you say but would like to offer another point of view.
it’s just lack of common sense...
additionally, a divorce will not likely improve your financial situation by much and it may significantly harm it.
they need to get their shit together.
trust me, you're really not missing out on much.
, she's irresponsible in the aspect of your lives, especially if there's the potential to be shitcanned
, deed was already done what would kicking her out achieve other than being rude
, although this feels like a shitpost, in every sense of the word.
, roommate should have been sympathatic to the whole bloody underwear situation (it happens to everyone) and she is the caretaker of the dog so she should not expect you to make sure doggo is ok (even if you are indirectly at fault for doggo being sick).
look at what you're seeing very carefully.
as someone who does eat meat, i can't imagine whining about having to go a single meal without it.
nobody has the right to your company, and your so is fully within her right to refuse to see her family, no matter the time of year.
you need to get your finances in order to prepare for your future.
as long as you're not being intentionally cruel to it,
it is your duty to yourself, the universe, god, the spaghetti monster or whatever you believe in to live your best life.
- good grief, at a three year old's party you'd have hoped the person throwing the tantrum was not the grandmother regardless of what 'slight' she's deemed has occurred
this one is kind of obvious.
and i bet if you had reminded him last night he still would have forgot.
, probably, but you two sound *super* incompatible as roommates.
she doesn't need to be talking to someone who abused her.
if you're ever slow one day, maybe you'll have to stand.
its fine if you wanna move on, don't leave the other person in limbo.
you need to do what's best for you.
it's even worse that your roommate can't maintain it at the level you'd like and offers you nothing in return.
you should probably make a habit of it so that something like this doesnt happen again
where were all these concerned family members then?
that said, i hope you are appreciative of the work she is doing to keep her womb empty and the "discomfort" she is enduring is apparently a mutually desired thing that you only benefit from with no costs.
it's not like anyone else could see it, you could have just ignored it was happening.
mourning is different for everyone, and social media isn't a bad distraction.
, but if i was you i would come up with a better chirp for next time.
sometimes, having friends as roomates is a terrible idea.
i broke up with an ex because she started getting into heavy drugs and self harming, and i felt like a horrible person because i tried to help her/get her help for *months* to no avail.
only bought one pedal and a new amp in the next year, and that's literally it.
i would express how disappointed you are in how she has treated your home time and time again and tell her how much she owes you.
and telling someone out of the blue that your on your period is pretty awkward, especially if you aren’t sure you’re going to have sex!
if you and your mom don’t get along, and you have a place for thanksgiving that would make you a happier person, do it.
this came with a lot more responsibility but no pay raise.
sounds like she's doing a good job of alienating a lot of people.
i have every right to decide he's not meeting my physical needs, and he has every right to decide that i don't understand his anxiety well enough.
she's just upset that she put off college for so long and missed out on a lot experiences.
she's the heartless one here and so is her family.
her family loves to plan well in advance and book us up on vacations.
- you were 100% correct that it wasn’t her place.
some employers have policies against hiring romantic partners to work together.
i'm afraid after everything i've reached indifference and it's very upsetting to say it, but it's the truth.
you feel uncomfortable being anything but civil when faced with awkward situations- that's not something you can just change.
nobody, not even your family, gets to make a demand like quitting your job just to benefit them.
depression and insomnia are conditions that he cant really control.
15 minutes is far as fuck when drunk.
something i recently learned from my therapist is that it’s common for those with adhd to struggle with empathy.
, she changed the plans without discussing it with you.
my opinion, , but won't help further mistakes like this.
he needs to let his ex find help from a professional or another trusted person.
you're right, you didn't *have* to do it.
and i hope you get out of there in less than 3 days.
special diets are entirely up to you.
using "what mike would have wanted" is a shitty manipulation tactic, and you're not responsible for her.
sometimes you have to remove disruptive or difficult people from private events or they will make the entire experience a sour one.
i learned to drive on a manual car so i always use the parking brake.
does she use your birth name or real name?
> she has implied the same in our few conversations about the matter this is patently disgusting.
the company would want to know and as long as you're completely honest about what happened, you're not doing anything wrong.
i am white and i can clearly say i particularly like to see black people prosper.
the fact he can’t makes him an asshole by itself.
maybe act like you’re thinking about getting one for yourself.
you need to be honest with yourself if she genuinely loves you, or if you are just her springboard.
she doesn't have to come into your shared living quarters to do homework, they can go to the library.
i'm sorry she has a shitty job prolly on commission where her boss yells at her for not meaning quota, but that's not your fault.
this isnt healthy for either of you.
hang in there and if you ever need an ear seriously feel free to pm me.
they belong in the bathroom trash.
, if you can afford it, fuck it, get that shit delivered
if he hits you up for another date, say “being too high to function on a first date isn’t sexy.”
then after the food has been given, go back in 8 minutes (or less) to see if they need anything (salt, pepper, sauces, whatever).
you make it clear that in any day if he asks to use it more, he loses that day's hour of play time.
but you should have reminded them that you were getting points for buying their tickets just in case they would end up bitching (and they did).
your boyfriend sounds like a burgeoning alcoholic, assuming he isn't one already.
ugh one day you're a young buck and the next you're raging against people that don't clean out the lint screen ffs who am i, what have i become
, the fact that she wouldn't want you to get yourself a new, not broken phone first before buying her an ipad is shitty.
it is hard, but there is little you can do here except make yourself miserable.
he has never apologized to me for his heinous acts.
the comment was a little ill spirited but i know comments like that are a knee jerk reaction for me so i probably would've said the exact same thing.
k and t sound toxic as fuck to be honest.
good on you, not an asshole at all.
— grew up in the swampy southeast, alligators are scary motherfuckers.
maybe talk to some of your closer friends about it.
, from what i can glean, you have a baby, you're both tired, you're both probably frustrated with normal stuff that couples get frustrated with, totally run of the mill.
birthcontrol is a medication and all medications have *.
he is just being too pushy, so you’re all good in my eyes.
they might not be this intense, but they'll be bad.
she wanted to tell you she found your look distasteful and that she disapproves.
like goddamn dude, if you're going to go off on somebody for being rude to mentally disabled people, do it when it's appropriate.
she still thinks some things were my fault, and they aren't.
well done op for being the strong one and taking a stand.
at no point did you try to make him the bad guy, you didn't even bring this issue up to him to begin with.
, especially given that she hadn't previously taken shifts you *needed* covered, however, in retail it can become an issue when you're the person who never covers when someone needs it.
maybe get them something small and inexpensive.
just because you got off your arse and learnt to do it, doesn't mean you have to do the work for everyone else.
however, if you decide to go i would just talk to your professors and at the least send them an email.
neither of you have a right to her, so if she's keen, i think it's fair.
it’s also not unreasonable to have other plans on a holiday.
i do think saying something was the right thing to do.
the kid might not be able to help it but the parents can certainly help not being smug pricks.
you did you part, and now it's time for them to do theirs.
but she is your girlfriend, not your wife, so she doesn’t have any obligation to share 100% of her money with you, nor you with her.
it’s not prudish to not get in a car with a man who is essentially a stranger, it’s self preservation.
the only thing i can see being an issue is yeah, you probably should clear the whole sidewalk and not just a path.
i had a similar situation a few years ago, and then even got a call from the owner asking me to take the food and pay for it.
he can take care of a baby alone for one night.
and forced you to cut off contact with some of the only people that you love.
they know you didn't drink but were willing to pass their expense off to you anyway.
his approach said differently than his end comment.
that being said, this seems like something that’s really important to your mom (my sister and i had the same situation when i was younger, i sucked it up and she fought it).
i can't fault the logic and i think you did the right thing.
it’s a holiday that is generally associated with spending time with family and friends.
specifically the tech that is appropriate to this is a guest ssid and mac address whitelisting on the resident ssid.
if they are your friends and it is acceptable for you to be teased by them...
parents aren't inherently liked by their children.
you don't have to go to any party or wedding.
i think the best thing to do is apologize to your wife and apologize to your wife’s friend for handling the situation poorly and move on.
so you are not the problem.
but i would consider if the money is worth the abuse for you.
if he's going to make jokes like that, he should at least be ready to take jokes like that.
that being said: i don't think replying to him will achieve anything.
not only for pet owners, but for people with light sleep or babies that get easily spooked by noise.
while i can get behind the whole “you can’t expect perfect quiet all the time in a shared building,” it sounds like she’s just being excessive.
you have completely fulfilled your obligations to your former employer, now it’s time to stick to your guns and be done.
imo, only when someone else *insists* on paying for you, should you let them.
if someone buys something with false information, they have every right to get it returned and replaced according to the info listed.
as for rob, “when someone shows you who are, believe them the first time”.
it’s their money, they can do what they want.
it's unfortunate that she has ptsd, but you have to put your safety first.
give it back unless they very quickly start to understand what boundaries are.
if they don't respect you or your relationship now, they won't respect you later especially when you have children.
this has happened to me too...
if she doesn't want to get clean or isn't ready, she won't, his what you're doing is risking her relationship with her parents.
no one is required to give strangers money, especially ones who blow up after being told no.
don’t buy him a car or co-sign a lease.
this will sound harsh, but your family doesn’t care about the dog, they care about what they get from the dog.
he may be a "product of a different time", but that doesn't make him any less of a wrinkly asshole.
you could tell the younger sibling if they want to be in solidarity with the bigger sibling, they can delay a present too..
it sounds like you need to get to know yourself a lot more so you can be a good partner in the future, and you’re never going to be able to do that if you’re lugging her around everywhere.
you need to sit down with her and set down some boundaries and expectations.
- you looked out for a dog which can't speak up about its living conditions.
but be careful you don't lose your relationship with your parents.
and maybe ask the question on r/legaladvice
you don't need to know why he doesn't like the client but....
just keep up the friendship, it seems okay enough.
i cant imagine you being the asshole here.
it was kind of you to let her borrow it, but she took advantage and needs to be reminded that it isn’t her car.
go spend time with your grandma and aunt guiltlessly.
doesn’t seem like it’s even your fault
but maybe should explain the reasoning behind your outburst though.
this sounds like the start of a slippary sloop to an abusive relationship.
what the job market is like for that position, how much they make, etc.
if you have the means to support him on some level and care about him getting better or maintaining your relationship in the future, i would try to support him the best you can.
that’s something a responsible adult would do.
you saved him hundreds of dollars, it takes some real nerve to complain about getting hooked up for $75 split between him and his girlfriend when he would be paying $400 without you hooking him up.
this girl is obviously a manipulator to the 10th power.
do not delete any communication from her, nor your responses.
- she had plenty of warning and stayed anyway.
and then that behavior is "rewarded" with late extra christmas.
no matter what precautions are taken, domestic cats are a plague of the environment and more often than not get slaughtered either by animals or people.
its perfectly fine to not want to do that, and it seems he is the one with a problem considering he throws a fit when he doesn't get his way
it is not homophobic to not want to be friends with a gay person who won't take no for an answer.
from someone in the education world i know that teachers talk, that hr people talk, and that districts talk.
second, the company clearly has a history of screwing over the employees, as you have mentioned.
expressing your frustration doesn’t make you an asshole.
i could understand using the bill money to drink.
i’m sorry if that’s what you were looking for, but if it is i really don’t wanna waste your time.” and thankfully she was on the same page as me.
you could also talk to your mother about how you feel, and maybe suggest that he finds somewhere else to stay after he finishes his next batch of seasonal work.
unfortunately you may not get custody because of laws but you're not an asshole at all.
i couldn't keep up with the lies that i am devout muslim or planned on living the life of a devout muslim.
while , you may want to consider trying to pay closer attention to social cues in future conversations of potentially personal subjects.
personally, i think your bf (or last resort you) should tell the friends to keep these kind of comments to themselves when they do them.
don’t worry about it so much, i hope you get your a/c fixed, and don’t let that arizona heat get to you too hard.
i would reconsider what you are getting out of this friendship/relationship.
it's not fair to you to deal with repercussions from her decision is a place that's your home as much as hers.
yeah, you probably didn't handle the situation well.
your gf sounds like a toxic mess with control and boundary issues and with no self confidence.
however i think you already know that :)
it sounds like you've had a very stressful year, and their failure to plan ahead is their fault, not yours.
it may seem odd to strangers, but if you’re not badgering them or going out of your way to them, there’s really nothing assholeish at all.
unless there's some kind of group project going on, and you would be letting down your classmates
to this day i hate driving people around.
you even say that she's like that normally, calling her "obsessive" and that she takes any chance she gets to get it, including getting between you and your friends.
an animal doesn't need to sleep with you ever
nobody needs to deal with shit like that in their workplace.
damn, your sister cheated on her bf with this guy, then dumped the guy to patch things up, but you all still hang out with him anyway?
that was always the funniest thing, you’d get a guy who would be kind of a dick as you were taking his order and then after he had started eating he would become the nicest customer who tipped well and even smiled.
a person's living situation is a reflection of that person.
if she wanted the best for the two of you, she would be putting effort into her mental healthcare.
she’s only pretending to be nice now because she knows she’s losing you.
do what is best for you.
if you acted on them, asshole.
and no, you shouldn't have asked for their opinions first.
my grandmother wasn't able to breath for awhile until she went to the doctors for a normal check up and they checked her oxygen level.
you have every right to be on that sidewalk, people need to either single file it up or be less impatient.
many people will call you an asshole but you’re not.
buy that weirdo his own milk and let him blow onto it all he likes.
i think you dodged a bullet.
that was totally a gift for herself.
i agree with most of the responses you’ve gotten - 18 is way too young to be turning down opportunities like this and you’ll regret it if you do.
as much as it sucks, karen and stephanie did violate hipaa.
tell her that you aren’t able to take off from your life with no warning.
you shouldn’t have to worry about making it clear enough to this guy that you’re not romantically interested, and the “ur friend” comment really makes me think he’s either trying to verify that you’re indeed single or he’s just willing the ‘partner’ away.
record then consistently breaking said rule and the cops should tell them to stfu.
you need to do whatever makes you happy in life.
if he did then your bf is the asshole.
your 20 year old pans are obviously high quality.
i think it's perfectly fair for you to tell him exactly this.
and i think you would do better to find somewhere else to live.
constant nausea and being sick meant i had zero energy and just standing was exhausting.
, the whole blessing ordeal is a stupid tradition anyways.
and i know *i* might seem like an asshole for saying it, but i feel like it would take the joy and excitement away later on if you decide to have children.
she behaved in such a way that raised red flags with several people.
you weren't into it, you were honest, it doesn't sound like you were rude in your initial statements, so you're not the asshole.
it's nice that she feels genuine remorse, but that doesn't automatically take all the pain away.
- no, they made the preconditions clear.
she’s gonna remember this one day and be so fucking embarrassed.
the most it does is give your kids bad relationship role models.
is he married to your sibling?
you should be with someone who works to ensure that you're happy and healthy.
i smoke, in a state that’s legalized pot.
making him figure it out isn’t a punishment, it’s just something he has to figure out for himself.
- sounds like it honestly was never really a relationship between you two.
it's common courtesy to at least check in if you're going to get home later than you expected.
but i don't think you're an asshole for not wanting to be left out, maybe ask him to take you on a trip with your mom that isn't just this convention.
i would honestly guess that maybe his mom started guilt-tripping him or being passive aggressive about your plans though.
it’s the kind thing to do.
just try to support your friend without constantly bringing up how stupid her fiance is.
i have insomnia too and that’s no reason to act like that.
: he didn’t do fuck all i would’ve tossed him by the second meeting.
(saying good morning was something *extremely* important to do when i was a child.) > when they get closer i’ll pretend to check my phone or take a drknk of coffee so i don’t have to speak to them this comes off as very rude.
tim was a raging douche and overwhelming asshole.
she lent you money and you paid it back.
but about your question specifically- , remaining neutral is the smartest move, and your mother has no right to demand you choose her side (and in front of your brother, no less.
on a side note i was expecting your story to end with so i walked across his hood, for what it’s worth if you had don’t that i still wouldn’t call you an asshole.
if you tell him, he might resent you for it.
you know that her choices are her own.
i wouldn’t normally be this aggressive, but they deserve to know (so they can prepare) based on all of the family dynamics you mentioned.
i think it is reasonable to ask her not to bring her boyfriend everyday to your shared room.
but there is one thing you should do.
- your work agreed to late mondays and tuesdays, *they* should have ran it by *you* if they wanted you in earlier.
i've honestly never in my life heard of anyone throwing out unused condoms just because they broke up with their partner.
as a hiit enthusiast i can tell you chatty matty wasn't minding his own lane and hitting his own max!
if he complains, gank his ass.
your mum is an adult and as such she needs to learn to manage her finances.
, but this is a good lesson that sometimes it's better to just let people figure things out for themselves if it's not hurting anyone.
unfortunate for him, but that's life.
your mental health is likely worse off from being involved with jade, but it doesn't mean splitting from her is going to make you right in the head.
i don't know if most of her lies were harmful or not but it seems to me they were.you don't want to be in a place like that which makes you miserable.
sorry for this--dog owner was unnecessarily cruel to you.
when i break up with someone, they cease to exist to me.
; asking if it's okay to use your personal bathroom would be basic etiquette on his part.
- she said something rude (and factually incorrect), you effectively called her on it.
it's no different from not wanting to be friends with a straight person who won't take no for an answer.
i had some behavior like this in a relationship where i was having depressive mood swings which made doing things throughout the day difficult.
so you’re going to have be the one who is proactive about managing things.
, you're 20 years old though.
your duty to your family is considerable, and the care that rob is requesting may not be compatible with your responsibilities.
why don't you have a key?
not being platonic friends with a fat person just because they're fat isn't nice, but dating on the other hand is inherently sexual and therefore attraction plays a big role in it.
from the way you're describing it, they wanted the game to be played a certain way (remorseless, relatively cruel banter, but no snitches) and you didn't want to play it that way.
this tv will presumably be quite a bit cheaper than £650.
her running across four lanes of traffic should tell you that, she’s the asshole.
basic hygiene is important not just to be around people but for health and not just his gums.
whatever level of exhaustion/stress your experiencing just know that she is at the same level + in pain + is going through some pretty extreme hormonal changes.
you both clearly want to keep in touch, and in is quite a ways away from fl, so it’s not like you’ll see each other too often anyways.
your aunt and cousin just sound all around awful.
your friend sounds douchey and like they were only in it for the free meal.
it's okay to set boundries, and as the parent of an autistic child, it would do him a world of good.
it also didn’t help her case that she was super loud and very annoying.
his truck, his money, his priorities.
you shouldn't have to talk about something that you don't enjoy.
doesn't sound like a friend to me either.
i’m the only one in my family who gets cold sores.
my mother in law had a dog with such bad separation anxiety that she would tear apart doors.
think of it this way: if you run out of money, you'll be in no position to take care of any of your cats, or yourself.
if they're not doing anything wrong, welfare-wise, they will not have consequences.
treat your upcoming competition like a dress rehearsal, because you'll get criticism aplenty otherwise.
did you ever have (then or later) feelings for b, or end up getting together with her in any way yourself?
sometimes it's good to just talk about that when it's been a problem for you lately and figure out how you can both make each other feel more appreciated.
perhaps he wasn’t quite ready to be living in an uncontrolled environment, that’s not your problem.
if you'd placed the underwear in the dog's food bowl it would be a different story, but she hasn't trained the dog not to get into the trash and that's on her.
that’s not acceptable for someone to do.
for fuck's sake if you ask your friends to call the fucking police if they don't hear from you, don't be surprised when they call the fucking police.
but if you want to swap mil am down she sounds great.
as harsh as it sounds, your dad has to lay in the bed he's made.
as it seems, it wasn’t just this one thing that made you break up, but rather a combination of everything.
it sounds like you're somewhere between 13-17 -- so it's probably best to see if your mom can smooth things over.
proceeding to exile you for not sending him stuff is very very wrong.
the mil one is for both mothers and mother in law's.
- i get that you want to keep this private, but she has to be able to talk and vent to someone.
you can choose to put that energy in again if the system is important to you, or you can choose to apply your energy elsewhere.
you both are wired differently and reacted differently to a potentially dangerous situation.
what you do in your own time is up to you.
also, she should respect the fact that you don't want to do it as much as she does, calling you a "square" is asshole-ish
i repeat, do not tell your mom she might be an asshole for making you feel guilty for being unable to visit.) when in doubt, just repeat, "i miss you, i'll see you on dec 15th."
i made it known to her quickly 23 years ago when we married that any bigoted or racist shit out of their mouths in our presence would result in them never seeing myself or our children again.
i love puppers, but i also hate people who let their dog off leash in public places where there are leash laws.
want my time, pay for it.
you’re annoyed by something harmless, and it is probably distracting, but he’s not hurting anyone.
, your gf's mom is taking advantage of both of you, and your gf's sense of guilt and obligation have made her mad at you since she feels she will suffer if you don't act.
you want a good tip, do a good job.
you can't get mad because you weren't a couple when it happened, but there's no way you won't feel a bit jealous about it.
you don't allow men in your group.
every one has little quirks or things that kind of irritate them after 11 years she should know that it bothers you and should just get her own damn glass or towel.
your sister is rude, tacky, and completely in the wrong.
you didn't kick the family out because their kid was special.
out of curiosity, what was it?
work schedules should be made known at the beginning of the week at the latest.
maybe a little since no one was even going to sit there, but overall i'd say .
huge a for referring to your girlfriend’s crying as “typical female bullshit”.
i’d much rather donate my time and do volunteer work.
it's kind of shitty, but drastic times call for drastic measures so i can understand you feeling guilty.
a real apology *starts* with "i'm sorry" and starts a discussion on how both people feel, what both can do next time or what both can do to make things better.
if you were, a conversation would be in order.
this a suffocating friendship, get away from him or set things straight.
you re better off without her especially if she keeps talking behind your back.
, you get to chose your friends, and not wanting to be friends with someone who is pro-disease is perfectly reasonable.
there’s a difference between being thankful and letting yourself be disrespected.
did he pay you back or not?
so they still have something tangible in front of them to look at, but then also have that debt stress gone as the actual gift.
your friend is just upset about losing money, and wants to place blame wherever he can.
you held your anger in as long as you could tolerate and she kept pushing your buttons.
although probably find a more constructive way to say that last part.
, but perhaps you need to be aware of timing when you have important conversations like this.
you have no obligation to go through your bio-dad to contact your half-siblings.
dad should teach his kid to respect others like if i did that as a kid, i'm pretty sure i'd get enough of an earful to be scared for my life and my parents would apologize to you on my behalf if not force me to apologize
the balance of work is rarely fair.
, but i would have broken up with him right then and there for touching my dog in an aggressive way.
ultimately never feel bad about wanting to control where your stuff goes.
your girlfriend seems kind of selfish and it seems that she's just mad the conversation wasn't completely about her.
just because you’re married doesn’t mean you should morph into a single being.
if you tell her this very kindly, and *ask* that she does this, then that sounds fine to me.
hang on to people you like!
you were taking up a table in her section that could have gone to other customers who would have tipped her, and that's probably why she was unhappy with the situation.
make sure you hold her accountable to that and tell her when/if she does.
you aren’t their family, their mother or their priest.
sure, maybe, but if you're reluctant about it you'll probably end up a worse friend, doing this person a disservice in the end anyway.
or get them a glitter bomb.
tell her that you don't think that if what you've done so far is enough to help her then she'll have to seek help elsewhere.
if i'm wrong there but i guess people will just find the whiteboard a bit silly and change nothing anyway.
you save the money and he still has his trip.
your friend is just jealous and feels like blaming someone for not being accepted into that university.
don't go back to that house again.
time to burn that bridge and never look back.
hope you bf will see your point of view.
your parents decided they wanted to bring you into the world, that was their decision, but they do not get to force you into a decision that will affect you long after they have gone.
i was raised in the us and live in japan.
if this subreddit was called "am i the dumbass" i might have a different ruling.
if you were that important to her she wouldn’t have treated you like that to begin with, let alone the way she broke it off with you.
he needs help and to get his shit together.
so many shelters do that shit.
you didn't get him fired, he got himself fired by fucking up.
-the only thing you can do in that situation is speak up or physically take your plate back.
she was narcissistic and extremely mentally abusive and manipulative but put on a face that we we're a happy family for others, typical narcissistic behavior.
however, you all suck for getting violent.
with a baby on the way he is taking a huge risk.
(meanwhile, my family lives across the country and has never given me a second of grief about it.) i worry that every time a member of your so’s family moves again, she’s going to want to pack up and go closer.
this person will constantly give everyone a headache about every single shared thing.
your brother definitely is a huge asshole though.
or if it won't sleep, wrap it up, put it in the pram and walk.
you are in an abusive family, you get beaten when you are sad for fucks sake.
you do not owe this woman friendship or "another chance" if you do not think it would be beneficial to you.
i remember as a kid my mom stressed me out about dumb shit like this, and it didn't matter in the slightest.
she's manipulative and controlling & sounds like all the reasons we went nc (no contact) with my own mother.
do something now before she gets inked.
you don't have to dance with people just because they are special.
but you need to let her know this is making you uncomfortable asap.
i wouldn't leave my dog with such a person.
déjà de base c'est une langue chiante à apprendre le français, alors si en plus on vient t'embêter en même temps...
when he was about 5-6, my close friend's son (12) wanted to start babysitting to earn money.
you are completely correct in this situation.
then you both went your separate ways.
and in case they don’t say it - thank you for being a good friend and letting them have space.
this is when you tell your sil "no" and then if she still shows up with them, refuse to allow them in.
it is his job to help you.
you could put in your notice tomorrow and they could say "oh cool, don't come back to work after today dawg." would you miss that month of pay?
i wouldn’t call the police over this matter.
a trial run where you can prove that you're ready to live on your own, while also giving him the chance to get used to having you out of the house.
you were right to call her out on her behavior.
you felt he would hurt her talking one on one.
if they want you to watch something, tell them no because you wouldn't want to inconve them with the captions.
i volunteered before and i know how important is to keep an ambient safe for everyone.
you said no and he kept asking, so you said no again.
i have a feeling this thread will get controversial.
and your family and friends sound like a bunch of assholes.
that person is just an impatient angry driver.
>we wouldn't be able to afford our mortgage payment for the month .
- why would this make you an asshole?
if you see him often, i'd give him cash, or use venmo or paypal to directly deposit the money to him.
if no actual sleeping with occurred then i’d say .
definitely  and sara sounds like a predator, so i say good riddance!
it's a completely avoidable distraction and your friend is being inconsiderate.
but yeah she's a little crazy.
- having student loans is not a unique situation.
they did when they started personally attacking people.
as you said, you’re the one that has to hear it.
but in the future, clarify these things in advance.
he seems to be treating the dog as though its everyone's property, and from any standpoint that isn't the case.
while i believe that gender dysphoria and fluidity are real things , fake people will fake all kinds of things for attention.
it sounds like a completely normal household conversation.
if your friend can't understand that, he is being the asshole here.
there is no shame in putting your needs first.
i really recommend checking out r/dogtraining and r/puppy101 for more info on training/exercise as well as kikopup on youtube for training videos on getting your dog to walk nicely.
back in the 50s my grandmother had to do it because abortion was illegal.
i can understand on some level that he maybe didn’t consider it would be an issue at all and he feels close enough to you that he just assumed you’d be cool with it.
consider talking to your boss about that.
the fact you offered to be 5k when its only worth 4.5 is generous, honestly.
it would snap me out of the work mindset and it would be tough to get it going again.
they chose to have you, you had no choice then but you do now and if distancing yourself is what you feel is right, feel free to do that.
it's easy enough to find ultrasound pictures in facebook
this is a real harsh reality but it's true.
you were being considerate, and unless they seemed visibly annoyed i doubt anyone would give this another thought--except maybe the co-worker happy for quiet (but he would probably think "thanks for moving, op").
, the flight attendant was out of line imho.
> have been a literal hell.
she wasn't a good catch anyway.
it’s likely the three of you will each have different ideas about what this looks like.
as others have mentioned, these feral cats need to be spayed / neutered.
i've been fortunate enough to have one employee with autism, and they wound up becoming a fellow manager.
that's a completely legitimate reason to move on, especially if it's a new~ish relationship.
while tim and i were good friends, he had a serious ego about his own intelligence.
this is a safety matter that could involve everyone in the building, including your elderly neighbor.
about the money, when she goes over the budget make her pay for everything with her own money.
, though based on your other replies it sounds like he may not be one either.
know how you are supposed to kneel down so the dog won't be scared?
then you can decide if you still wanna marry someone who's going to put you in that position.
but you're overthinking this to the extreme.
your job is to sell books.
granted, i feel you could have possibly handled it a smidge better, but it doesnt sound like you chewed your mom a new one whilst making a massive scene.
"what's up with that crazy guy?" and being a psych unit, the guy looked at me and said "what crazy guy?".
as long as you simply say "sorry, i can't afford all these trips".
my mom did this with my dad when they were raising my youngest sister and now she has absolutely no respect for him.
you need to have a serious talk with your girlfriend about boundaries.
your family can suck it up and eat vegetables once in a while lol
time apart every once in a while is perfectly healthy.
god turns out i'm not a patient person.
you're kind of ta for giving her more work after she fucked you over the first time- you kind of set yourself up for it.
and original flavor guy says that your rubbing it in his face.
not worth the 5 minutes saved in my book.
strange people in our building is scary, there have been too many incidents in the past on other campuses that make me extremely wary of anyone in my dorms that shouldn't be there.
if you had physically barred her from going through the door, you would be an asshole.
if you think their presence might diminish your enjoyment of your wedding day, then by all means leave them off the guestlist.
if you feel he should be denied parole testify and let the judge decide.
it is the height of rudeness to inconvenience someone else so that you are not inconvenienced.
when my sister's boyfriend cheated on her, she refused to believe it and it destroyed our relationship for a while.
you can have mutual friends and co-exist, but you get to choose your friends.
wifi is a privilege, not a right.
and see a doctor re the snoring.
i feel bad for you considering no one has commented to help.
you are 25 years old, do what you want.
legally pets are property, so you might want to make sure you’re not opening yourself up to a lawsuit, if your ex is that kind of crazy.
- some people are just private.
sounds like he's already trying to skirt as much financial responsibility as possible, however i may be inclined to agree that the roommate with the tesla should be paying more for electricity.
there's a reason that it's a pretty big focus of per-marital or marital counseling.
she doesn’t deserve your time or attention.
marrying for citizenship is also illegal, so she's forcing you to take on a financial and emotional risk as well.
you can break this off yourself without telling him to change his behaviour - just be done, he clearly doesn't know what he wants.
you never know what kind of addiction or money problems someone is going through, but having a full belly can always help any situation.
i would have given them 1 star honestly.
making fun of someone you don’t know’s physical appearance is a really rude thing to do.
- how dare you have a job and responsibilities?!
, but, i feel like this story has more to it.
imo you should just give them these gifts.
sounds like a normal fight people have during stressful times.
but no, it sounds like you need the work done badly, you've made an effort to reach out to the landlord, so the next step is going your own route and finding a solution.
i'd bet she'd rather have you a little underdressed than mia.
he says he's lonely without you after only a few weeks, but then turns around later and says he doesn't build his being on you?
they agreed to provide a service but only half assed it so they should get half ass pay.
it's your right to not imbibe.
why is it important for you to hide the therapy from family?
not comparing or anything just letting you know it’s unusual you see your in laws so much in that short span.
your parents have a responsibility to ensure that the property is safe.
he literally asked for it your boyfriend was a transphobic, sexually aggressive, obsessive man who actively put you down and didn't actually seem to care about what you thought.
it's great that you understand that your family doesn't have a lot of money and have put up with the hand-me-downs this long.
luckily at a low speed and the damage was only to the car and pole.
if he's that codependent/stupid/gullible the fallacy of sunk costs will be way to strong with him to hear what you say.
and then he flipped me off.
my depression got worse before it got better.
back in the fridge it goes.
not a failure on your part.
when i was your age, i couldn't live on my own.
are they mooching off your gf?
you treated the situation correctly; you shouldn't beat yourself up for finding out he had autism later.
also, she may not be working through it just because she's sharing--trauma has to be processed carefully and systematically, and just dumping details on family doesn't necessarily help.
it's established going in that he had this problem before you were in the picture.
and the chance that she blames you and holds it against you is sliiiiiiim.
and then mysteriously you get a complaint against you for making loud noises.
tl/dr: you’re not an asshole if your friends hang out with people that aggravate any sort of trauma from a past abuse.
but the easy fix is to add admin levels so 1) only you can add people 2) you can lock “new guy” out of certain chats and text channels 3) no more rando’s are added, and if they are they aren’t in your personal channels.
the loss of your dad is hard, but you had plans in motion and you had to complete them.
much better than “you stank” although i think you bf was being remarkably honest but careful at the same time.
move out if you wish, and are able without violating whatever housing agreements your parents signed.
i would just tell her "look, i think of us as friends but i don't make the time to hang out with people who don't like me.
while your situation is unique in that you have a deformity, what you describe (bullying) happens in some form every day and has been going on forever.
you’re actually very mature for your age.
i was in basically this same situation in high school, and though she would tell people she had a bf in my case, she ended up not stopping a guy who came after her anyway.
if your two friends only see your guy friend as an object to fight over, instead of a human being with his own interests and feelings, then your best friendship is going to be pretty rocky for the forseeable future.
i imagine you are paying for that spot.
he just blamed it on his wife instead, which is a dick move.
- but why stay with a cheater?
at best i would offer to call the room and ask their permission but if she was asleep you wouldn’t get in.
- probably best for both of you to keep it under wraps.
"people don't like to feel like they're the 1000th person you've talked to that day.
wait it out until you start feeling like it's time to put a label on things.
, she asked you to try something.
now your student has a handwritten note saying you could see her underwear and there’s no one to corroborate your version of events if her parents find out.
, she has issues and is spreading lies about you.
don’t waste energy on people who create drama or stress, no matter who they are.
i also think that a part of you is telling her this because you care about her.
but it's happened when some have come to depend on me to "save" them or give them advice (which is usually what they want to hear).
it would be nice for you if she is able to set aside her annoyance and give you a little grace.
but idk i guess if she doesnt like it that much, just do your best to not say it to her.
just that you don't want to live with her or be responsible for her bad habits.
if these people really wanted you there then it would be no big deal for them to let you know that directly.
sounds like she was looking for an out and wanted to make it look like your fault.
you're judging her on how valid your point (very valid) was.
if not, just leave it alone and make sure your other friends know your side of the story so your not cut off from them.
asking you to date this person becuase they identify as a women is not going to fulfill your physical/sexual attraction.
that might just be because i hate confrontation, good luck.
her drama was stressing me out.
ask the boss first before you assume you'll be fired and make it clear during that you won't be choosing them if the school needs you to go.
, but only if you do it in a kind way.
you'd be saddened by how very many people would have walked on by, rather than attempt to seek aid for it.
where i'm from, you don't offer a ride and expect reimbursement.
as his friends, they have to accept that.
give her space to grow up and figure herself out.
so i doubt there will be any reasoning with her.
and he's an asshole on top of that by getting between you and your friend.
i've had stereo systems loud enough to rattle the windows in the house; but never once had ringing in my ears afterwards.
there is also a cultural factor here.
your wife is an adult, if she wants more candy she can buy more candy.
ask yourself if you really want to spend the future with someone who can't be honest about something as little as a wedding +1.
it's a sensitive time for you and he's wanting to nitpick over $18.50, he's the asshole.
you are getting rid of a leech.
if the 10 year old didn't have anything to do with it, why wouldn't you give her her presents?
i'm very sorry for your loss and i hope you're able to find someone to help support you through this difficult time.
they chose not to take them.
but you should talk with her and explain what really happened.
as long as you make it very clear that you're not going to follow their directions.
maybe r/relationships or even r/askreddit ?
do you have a spare or guest bedroom?
you don't owe him a fart.
i don’t think the joke you made took it too far, and his actions reflect his ability (or inability) to take a joke.
a lot of times people are their own worst critics and worry about how they're like or act instead of judging others.
this is less of a 'guy' issue and more of a 'no class' issue.
since when is it assholery to give examples in a debate or argument?
he just wants the money himself...
and tbh it sounds like your spouse is up to no good and doesn’t want to get caught
this should stop him if he tries to screw you over at work.
- you’re all adults and therefore should have an equal share in basic chores.
>i'd rather cut the friendship and lose my money and be happier without a sad weight friend.
she didn’t feel good about herself, and she didnt want others to feel good.
her relationship with her family is obviously important, your ability to socialize with them is not going to magically increase.
not your body, not your hair, not your grades.
it sucks, sure, but you're not obligated to stay (especially if it was a short relationship).
it makes total sense why you would not want her at the most important day of your life.
and you were paying for the lie with the gym membership.
, call your local shelter/humane society/aspca, explain the situation, they will want to get the dog out of that situation.
don't theorize too much about what they may be doing, but also don't rely heavily on them if you think they may not be there for you.
you're not obligated to hang out with them if you feel like the situation is not good for both of you.
i'd still give him the gift, though.
but if it boils down to a trust issue with her behaviors then you will need to be honest with her about that instead of saying you don’t trust everyone else around her.
it's a far enough commute that she won't be casually driving over.
if you have somebody that can file properly you should let them do it.
i was immature and ill-behaved in my teens and yet never actively sought to denigrate and destroy anyone for amusement or to make myself feel better.
nothing wrong with that - that's why most of us leave home in our early 20s.
if you allow her to taint your child's relationship you will be spending the rest of your life trying to undo the damage.
you shouldn't need to resort to threats and emotional manipulation of your own to be taken seriously.
you said her husband won't even acknowledge that you exist and she told her family not to acknowledge you.
i wouldn’t really call you an asshole for wanting to have your day...
if its that important to them, they can hire a delivery person / company (or pay for shipping) if needed.
receptions run late and are booze parties anyways-- neither of which mesh with kiddos.
after you do perhaps think about blocking them on social media and your phone so you don't have to argue about it.
you didn’t rip up her vagina.
it's not fair, especially with you being a different gender, but sounds not likely to change.
that entitles you to a snarky “happy birthday to me” imo.
if you don't want to go, the best way to do it is to respectfully turn it down without getting too confrontational.
you definitely need to express your concerns to him about this.
telling him straight up "you need to stop throwing a pity party and get help" is not going to help anyone.
at the same time, i feel like he does genuinely just want to be friends with her based on your story, especially the element of him "choosing" you over her.
and if you dont want more kids, getting snipped is the right and responsible thing to do
he's not your boyfriend, he's a guy who finds you convenient.
this is a hard one, but i'm leaning towards .
now he can go live under one.
having a child is difficult, even without mh issues.
as a kid from divorce probably better you didn't take him.
do not lease a car, it is a total scam.
at no point did you think to include them in the conversation (ya know, like normal people do)?
listen, i don't know if she was raped...nor do you.
you're not healing if you're obsessed with hurting him.
of labor would i believe have cause to fine or censure a business for a practice like this.
if you are aware of your surroundings.
end of oct is the earliest the cdc even recommends getting the shot.
this part in particular: > my stepsister was looking into getting rooms for her friend and the baby and maybe even myself.
go live life on your own terms!
she sounds like she's making excuses for her kid too, and in no way was that a real apology.
she needs to understand rebuilding trust and relationships takes time.
so many people draw the conclusion that is someone is upset, someone else did something wrong.
- it was a reasonable request, sounds like she had her own issues.
you're preventing people from being used, i'd say that's a good thing.
you’re my best friend and i care about you.
but i will say that if your mother was terminally ill and it wasn’t a sudden loss, there could have been an anticipatory grieving period for your father.
if he really changed and was ready to rebuild you'd know.
i have a friend who lives in europe who i miss dearly, i see my dad all the time, don’t let people guilt you into it.
the pets added stress to the situation, but you tried to be accommodating.
you aren’t an asshole for being a social butterfly.
you have every right, and in fact, obligation, to protect your kids from her whims.
i get why people who profit from doing shitty things would appreciate it if we'd all just pretend like they're *not* profiting from doing shitty things, but that's not how it works.
don’t let that guy in again.
it would be better to end the relationship, than to spend the rest of your life dealing with guilt.
either he's cool with it in which case go right ahead, or he's not cool with it, in which case you just move on.
should've gone to your parents/friends/authorities immediately after summer when he chose not to pay rent and revealed his selfishness.
going for the 6" sub definitely would have been more courteous and i would feel a bit awkward in your shoes in the moment too, but nothing about it makes you an asshole.
he's 21 and probably has a lot of growing up to do, i know at that age i was still quite immature myself.
if she wants to request no noise during hours she sleeps, she shouldn’t make noise during hours others sleep.
its just a habit and fairly common.
why the hell do your parents want you to apologize to him?
your wife doesn't have the right to kick you out of your own bed.
he should have communicated and thought about you when making these huge decisions.
don't let them get to you.
think of a time in your life when you were pretending to do something that you didnt agree with.
don't let that assclown politician take that from you.
if you feel bad about it, give a generous tip next time you order from that company.
if he’s a manipulative abuser he will be able to spin it so you look crazy and she still trusts him.
at some point in life, we all learn that we may not have the time we need to do all the things we want to do, so we have to prioritize.
if you're going to get shit on either way, my suggestion is to do what will most likely bring you some joy.
she's acting like an 8-year old an this behaviour leads to adult assholes.
if it's your money / you don't share funds.
good on you for looking out for the pup.
i don't have any suggestions, i'm sorry you're in this situation, but you're not an asshole.
him calling you a bitch for not wanting to talk to him on the street is not normal.
i've been where you are now, so my advice is run for the hills.
she needs speak up and put her foot down.
she groomed you to keep you in her good graces younger.
unless i skipped the part where you mentioned telling him he was miserable with her, or that he should leave her; you had nothing to do with his decision.
especially when you can still see the concert from the line and you didn't even lose your spot.
as you grow older & gain more independence, you'll come across people who will foster great friendships and they'll become "family" too.
i hope you have or will consider seeking professional help if you have not already.
if you have to pee, do your hair, spray yourself for crabs...i don't care, do your thing.
holy shit, being sick sucks but it doesn’t give you a pass to scream at people like that!
- your mom shouldn't be guilt-tripping you about your life.
you've made your choice and it's just crappy and manipulative of him to keep texting you telling you he made a mistake and wants you back, etc.
would you happily continue the "friendship" for a few more weeks and then kill it off?
it looks like enough is enough, and the times hes come by to bum smokes and being rejected just havent reinforced that.
there is no way to know what other rules she is not following.
-definitely nothing wrong with wanting to take a trip.
if you come up with something else to annoy her i'd recommend doing that as well and alternating between the two.
you're not splitting atoms or curing cancer.
i saw where you said she tried therapy, but her introversion made it difficult.
the people who accidentally lost their bag didn’t lose much money and if they went back and spoke to an employee, or a manager, there’s a really good chance they’d just be given the items they lost.
having said that, it sounds like this isn't really the wife's fault, and more of an issue with your friend who invited her into the group.
, you just came off as kind of weird, and it’s easier to ghost someone online than keep a conversation going when you don’t want to.
she will cry and tell you you're being a dick, but dont buy it.
, but this raises red flags that your mom isn't honest and can't get her own account.
that's like trying to force someone to drink, or anything they don't wanna do.
notice he was only mean when you stood up for yourself and maintained your boundary?
also, he doesnt care about you.
if someone hit my dog hard enough to make me worry about brain injury, i'd be unbelievably furious.
theyre being rude, you deserve peace and quiet.
ignoring people you don’t want to interact with when you’re out and about is totally normal.
, talk to your mom, and if she’s not in agreement, tell your mom you’re going to start looking to move out
doesn’t make you an asshole if you asked for consent first.
she had the opportunity to have someone there for just this sort of emergency, but didn't take advantage of it.
this has to come from him, and it's not your place to set his priorities for him.
thanks for being a nice person though!
ignores you for 20hrs calls you possessive for caring about her well being???!?!
if you're polite but clear that you're not interested then it's on her to react appropriately.
it’s on your bf to tell his friends to cancel their plans so he can keep his plans with you.
you can’t choose your family, but you can choose how much of your time you give them.
how will he make it to work 5 days a week more than likely at an earlier time in the morning?
, i wouldn’t want to sit in the car with a person who said those things about me either, regardless of blood relationship.
granted, it appears that it is your parents' house, and they invited said scumbag over, but you are not the asshole for not wanting to be anywhere near this piece of human excrement.
ps whoever is bringing it up 10 yrs later is also the asshole.
sometimes, the best lessons we learn from our family is what *not* to do.
have you told her how it makes you feel?
london olympics 2012 mens trampolining for anyone wanting to say its not a real sport.
avoiding everything bc of your abusive father is ok, but you should be open with that.
your heart was in the right place.
just to keep that off of your conscience.
move on, be happy and leave her in the dust
i’ve had way too much stuff ruined or used and not replaced by oblivious roommates.
and you might want block /avoid her because your ex is a nothing but fucked up taker....
what kind of dumbassery “you don’t need to know our business” like, half-offense to your friends, they’re fucking dumb.
, and you'd be fine to decline to give up your seat in the future.
we all know there’s always fine print.
she doesn’t seem to realize that you’re an actual person, and not her diary.
don't expect me to pay 1/3rd of the bill when i only generated 1/6th of it.
try to reassure her that you’re just in shock and it’s an idea that takes a little getting used to, but you’re not going anywhere.
they all are overstepping their mark.
it’s great that you want to be supportive, but this is a problem with him that can only be fixed if he wants it fixed.
that being said he is also a massive asshole regardless of any medical conditions, and hypoglycemia doesn't cause toxicity of the mouth.
i think that's a pretty normal thing.
they are happy for me to do it and i’m happy to hold on to my phone.
small things like that can make a world of difference.
i think you should tell him the truth.
i mean you don’t owe every person with mental problems your time right?
you have legitimate reasons to be skeptical here.
and just because it's your birthday!
obviously i don't know the policy on academic honest for your uni but at the school i attend, that could be a big problem.
i’m sure she’ll talk about it more, and i’d be on the lookout for some inconsistencies.
don't know about you or the rest of this sub but every relationship i've been in has usually had an spoken (or unspoken) policy regarding ex's.
if you never intend to leave nj and want to live your life there, and she needs to change and grow and options for her are better elsewhere, those are legitimate dealbreakers.
your neighbour does not care about the dog.
“misery loves company” sort of thing.
whether or not your girlfriend has any kind of disorder isn’t the point here.
i have no advice but definitely .
and what a bunch of rude assholes his friends are for being late.
(mildly), they're obviously being lazy and management is poor, but it doesn't sound like you've tried to talk to the people doing it either.
plenty of people decline to travel out of country for weddings.
but i guess i'm in the minority.
if her rough past makes her life harder it would be ridiculous not to seek some help.
as long as you worded it respectfully it's fine.
i am 21, two years ago, i moved out from hometown to college, then was invited for christmas by my sisters (parents died one year prior) and i was given a bottle of vodka for a christmas gift, and then i heard my sisters complain about how hard it was to cook everything by themselves.
shame on her for trying to make it that way.
you did bring it up to him and that is asking his opinion on it and you can't blame anyone for their political opinion.
*from an another perspective, there’s a chance your parents were essentially hamstrung by their circumstances so severely that they couldn’t fulfill that role and so maybe you’re  per se but could choose (because you can) to be better to them/your mom than they were...but then, what i imagine is required to make a child feel loved and cared for is so small...it’s hard to imagine it being too much to ask for as often as it seems.
this is a typical disagreement in a relationship.
would you be willing to say “yes.
after reading your gf's comments, i think the picture was obviously not appropriate, and you really do need to have stronger boundaries.
this relationship is an absolute recipe for disaster.
you loudly questioned her actions with facts.
i've had this happen and am not, was not, angry the friend couldn't get me it was a stupid mistake on *my* part and *i* fixed it.
the best you can do is call animal control and try to get those dogs off the street.
you studied your butt off and you deserved to get the best grade possible, while the girl made the choice to cheat, so she suffered the consequences.
that fuckwit left their child unattended and they think that’s okay.
- if the guy wasn't interested, regardless of the reason, he could have been significantly nicer about it
is this by your parents design?
if you can't move out on your flatmates schedule, and you can't afford to stay longer, that's not your fault.
no, lol, you are not an asshole for ending a friendship with a racist, homophobic liar with anger management issues.
&#x200b; tell your family if they're so interested in helping her, they should go and spend time with her, support her, clean her up etc.
kids don't have fully developed brains.
to them, they are people we must deal with because we live in a world that requires contact with them, but besides that, they want nothing to do with them.
for being bothered by the noise, but your neighbors are also  since it's just the noises of everyday life.
why the fuck would you be the asshole.
talk to your landlord to secure your deposit and move,  but trust me if they are cozy in rank cat pee central this problem is just gonna get worse before it gets better.
also "im kidding" is a good way of not taking responsibility for his actions.
that is infuriating to an adult especially if you have moved out, experienced real freedom, and then had to move back in.
in a way she feels like you knew that she didn’t accomplish everything she felt proud about.
while children should attend an event as important as the wake of a relative, these kids seem old enough to be taught how to be have or watched over.
why rock the boat when it's calm now?
nobody likes a nag but most mature men will appreciate a partner who states her needs clearly and offers solutions and compromise.
you took a pay cut after one of them lost their job, which you didn’t have to and could’ve found another job but stayed for them says a lot.
it may be more socially acceptable, but possession and sale of it is still a crime.
if you literally just said “no” without giving a reason, i’m guessing that’s why you got the response you did, since that could come off as a bit gruff.
at best you could have offered to call the police for him, but in no way should you be coerced to give him your phone.
if she ever says 'no reason' on facebook or in real life or wherever remind her and everyone else it's because she slept with 4 dudes.
plus, i'd imagine not everyone wants to listen to the bitching about it every time - it ain't jerry springer or dr.
his job might be "harder" but if it's in a field he enjoys and wanted to pursue then it makes a huge difference.
just be sure you can live without the extra cash.
household chores can be reassessed when she takes on work hours.
it's entirely possible that the person who ratted on you made you sound more asshole-ish when talking to your grandmother, to put you out of her good graces.
, but please keep in mind that most of the questions stem from curiousity.
i hope everything goes incredibly well for you.
first of all, if you leave your kids unattended you have zero right to get upset when someone talks to them if there's an issue, especially if they're polite.
my dude marshall did a dirty on my mans hotcheetos' sister.
this reflects on you, because you stood up for him.
- there are some things that just can't be forgiven.
but keep an eye on it, because this seems like a situation where she can very easily fall into old habits, get herself hurt, and through that hurt you.
, not everyone is a clean and tidy person.
mental illness that goes undiagnosed damages everyone around the person with it.
that being said, man oh fucking man, this post breaks my heart.
you should honour emily by getting help for that alcohol problem you have.
good for you for fighting for your family.
source: i’ve lived in north dakota for 24 years.
people messing with clothes is usually why i stayed with something to do so no one could slyly take out my clothes.
if it's like a 12 hour drive and you have to leave at 4 in the morning to get there on time,  unless you're supposed to be in the wedding party.
here's my two cents op, you must live your own life.
she gets offered seats, which she gratefully takes out of necessity.
i hope she avoids this guy in the future.
they chose to have kids and they chose to do this: "she went on a rant on how god is gonna punish me for pressuring her ..." and...
it's really difficult for some people to have a physical relationship with someone, then stop and remain friends, without some sort of emotional attachment there.
you should feel neither guilty nor responsible for any conversations that occurred.
a mandatory holiday party on a weekend??
just tell him you would prefer a gift from your list, be polite about it.
and you probably do have a legal case.
my neighbours smoke and the smell comes straight out of their bedroom window into mine.
if your happiness is "ruined" by putting a label on your relationship, that means your relationship literally runs on vagueness, anxiety, and lack of honesty.
hopefully it should be the same for you too.
he needs to leave you alone.
but if you talk in a calm voice whenever someone starts yelling at you they will look even more like an asshole and if you yell back and they get mad it’s also partially your fault as that’s not defusing the situation that’s making it worse
, what dingus sticks a phone in a microwave?
make food the very least of topics, but, when it inevitably comes up, take the high road.
at all, if it was the first time maybe, but the 4th time?
he was coming off as very controlling.
next time, if there's a next time with another down and out friend, don't be such a pushover.
she needs to find someone who also doesn't really look for sex in a relationship and you need to find someone who finds it just as important as you do.
her just making out with other people...is that usually okay in your relationship?
you have no obligation to store other’s belongings (especially having to be reminded of her).
it may be because of her issues that she's being an asshole, but that doesn't make her not an asshole.
sounds like your mom agreed to you living with her and the boyfriend wasn't in on the decision.
if she doesn't want to sleep next to you, that's her issue; she can sleep wherever the hell she wants
when i explained that i picked at random, she told me (paraphrasing) "this is one of those times when your random pick shouldn't have been exactly random...do you understand what i'm saying?" i told her that i was really sorry but i didn't and she said that i had a bad attitude and was trying to pin her into saying something she shouldn't say.
he is in no way offended that i do not want to kiss him, and will tell me when he thinks he’s getting one.
it would be worse if people had kids just because they felt obligated to have kids rather than actually wanting kids.
it sounds like you were trying to remain friends, but if she wants to cut you out at this new guy's request...well, some people you can't help.
if he can't do that, how is he supposed to be able to wipe down a counter or ever scrub a toilet?
honestly though youre probably better off just grabbing hands.
she did cross a line when bringing it up to others, but in her ignorance was that her way of trying to ask for support in a confusing time for her as well?
sharing genetic code doesn’t magically change that.
in other words try to maintain the status quo without big blow ups or confrontations.
if he won't replace it then don't talk to him again.
an 11 year old who wets her pants because she can't control her bladder or chooses not to use the bathroom is seriously not okay.
it’s normal to not waste stuff.
i’d give him a bit to cool off and approach him in a week or so.
you served him and did your job to the fullest.
you’re doing more work than is required of a friend
if he asked me why, i would be honest and say 'you're mean to others and you don't stop when they ask you to.
who wants to live in a cult community that they aren’t a member of?
but holy shit, what a read.
better let it cough for a few hours, heh?
meeting the parents is a pretty big step and she is clearly moving faster than you are comfortable with.
she needs to understand that loving something/someone doesn't mean it's okay to let another bad thing happen.
it's an explanation but not a valid excuse.
from what i gather, you are concerned about her.
but i would find a way for that to get out, maybe a call or two.
as long as you’re upfront with what you want.
of course you could always have done more but at 14 im suprised you were so accepting and persistant for your friend in need but some people just can't be helped unless they help themselves.
they’re using it to control and manipulate you and that’s not ok.
i have never however put up with being treated poorly, and he is accountable for his actions irrespective of his mood.
you acted on what you perceived.
emotional separation and isolation is a classic abuse tactic, and it will make it harder for him to leave the next time.
it's also going to validate his opinions on drinking.
she might soon see that she was wrong about it, and it'll all blow over.
maybe your parents have just gotten used to it but if it really bothers you, i think you have the right to bring it up and try to solve the issue.
it's very subjective where that line is.
they invited opinions by asking for money.
you need to look at your marriage as your first priority second, not your circus my dear.
you said shes a great friend but she sounds completely toxic to me your  and should apply for sainthood for even considering to do this
unless you tried this in tahoe
- your wedding is your wedding!
that is a sh*tty reason for someone to up the rent...
traditionally christians especially those heavier in their beliefs which i expect of some if it is an almost universally religious area actually dispel the santa tradition because it takes away from the religious meaning around the holiday.
for asking, but if he’s lied to you once he may be lying to you again.
this has been going on for years.
i'm surprised that you took down the post in the first place, but you did and you weren't rude in your response.
he also needs to learn how to execute a joke better.
this reminds me of a story of when i was at the bus reserving a seat for someone else.
if you don’t need the income of a roommate and don’t want the hassle that’s fine.
or just walk with you so you can hang out with them both but not screw up your shoulder.
if you seriously think he might, tell a close family member so they can keep an eye on him.
you politely let him know and he rectified it.
after 10 mins of chatting are you not concerned that your poor s/o has been standing in silence the whole time?
it's a lot to deal with especially with what would be a brand new relationship.
it’ll teach the real asshole not to park there.
, break the fuck up with him.
you should not talk to this guy honestly.
also, you saved your husband’s reputation in a way, cause if you let him continued meeting with his ‘friend’, his reputation would have gotten a lot worse, especially in working environments.
if no one else cares neither should you.
parents should not do for their children based on a "sliding scale" because there are a lot of factors that they may not be privy to.
because they have boundaries and deal breakers too.
first of all please next time give them actual names.
i would ask if you were friends for long before you asked her out.
what you seem to be mad about is that you're being asked to return the old phone.
a more relevant question is "how does he know he is clean?" has he even been tested?
you shouldn't have agreed but i could see doing the same thing when i was in high school.
my friends didn’t like my boyfriend (rightfully so) and i was embarrassed to say i was hanging out with him all of the time knowing they didn’t like him.
he still tried doing a nice thing for me when he didnt have to.
rest easy, you didn't do anything wrong.
, he's playing the dead father card to get a different free table.
i've spent quite a while on r/stopdrinking, and some recovered alcoholics go into a panic if they've accidentally ingested alcohol, super worried that they'll relapse because of it.
i would try to explain how you feel to her and point out she has barely been supportive with you.
so i’d say you’re justified in feeling uncomfortable.
you were a victim of bad math.
you don't *have to* socialise with anyone.
i find it helps me understand different cultures and mindsets, which helps me be a more well-rounded person and solidifies what i believe and why.
i don't even know her and *i* want to end a friendship with her.
you thought up a creative idea for an assignment and were grown up enough to ask your friend if it might be offensive.
i'd be careful about just telling everyone.
from her perspective, she’s probably freaking out thinking you aren’t going to want the baby and she’s going to not only lose you, but have to do this alone.
block her if the graphic content is bothering you.
adults have to take some responsibility for themselves, and their actions, and their decisions.
, who brings friends unannounced at 2am when people are sleeping?
maybe you can convince her to get an assistant or part time employee to help with her business if that is the issue, and if the house is the issue, i would press her to keep seeking out help locally.
in this case, i think you did the right thing.
it's one thing to have a kink and want to roleplay (i have an ex who wanted me to do similar stuff to her), but the excessive amounts of force porn is what makes me the most concerned.
this obsession with “not being copied” is a childhood phase most people go through.
- you have a good heart and you don’t mean to hurt her or ill intent.
this is affecting your health and he's completly ignoring that just to get his way.
you know what they say about assuming.
she’s an asshole, it’s your server.
tbh it seems like you knew why you *really* wanted to break up but wanted to give a less offensive reason.
they dont have a right to them, its a privilege.
could have been a pay it forward situation, nobody just leaves $20 worth of gas.
that being said, have you ever seen him do it himself?
the dog should be in her room and she should compensate you for the shoes.
even the most polite no could make them upset.
suggest a therapist, step away from your friendship with a.
she was using you for emotional support, but she wasn't willing to support you emotionally.
is something maybe going on with him?
, kids have priority on playground equipment.
putting your kid out there on the internet isn't safe, either.
that seems really sketchy my dude..
i think you have to have a serious conversation with your wife and look at maybe two years of vacation projections.
giving/spending money doesn't make up for what is straight up abuse.
you are not professional help, and no matter how much you care about her she’s the only one who can make herself change and since she doesn’t actually care about you nothing you say will motivate her to do so.
~~info~~ ~~why did she need $40?
but, if he loves you, he'll deal with it.
you either want kids, or you don’t.
never ever settle into a relationship where you know you're being treated poorly.
what if they want to contact him?
your dad needs to be looking in to other forms of assistance if he's not going to be able to provide for the three children.
maybe your so will appreciate it if you tell her you want to do this job for x months/years to save $$ and will pursue your happiness after that point.
, but drinking to deal with your frustrations with him is wildly unhealthy.
i can't imagine doing it on an 11 hour flight.
when you explained how you feel and raised your concerns she called you a sexist.
people building you up and offering support so you can, can truly change your life around.
being an asshole to me implies either intentionally or not feeling remorse.
but you can give her a chance to explain.
i don't understand why you're still sharing your prime account though if she's going to "punish" you by stopping you from using her netflix.
it honestly sounds like an unhealthy relationship, as trust is one of the most important factors.
but you’ve always got to watch your audience.
she sounds like a spoilt little brat and should be called out on bad behavior, not accommodated.
i think you should stay out of it.
for some reason living within your means has gone out of fashion (although i try very hard to do just that) and people think they "deserve" big weddings, nice cars, new furniture, expensive electronics etc...and have no qualms about setting up gofundme pages and asking people to pay for stuff they dont actually have the money to afford...i dont get it at all.
sounds like you’re dating an asshole.
best of luck in the new job!
shes done good for you, but the past is never an excuse to shit all over someone and disrespect them, especially her own son.
it's an extremely unfortunate situation, but it's not your fault that she's in it.
moving it to the other side of the porch sounds like a good compromise.
i ask my boyfriend to leave the room when i take exams too.
i went inside to tell the security guard what was going on.
in what universe are you not supposed to be insulted by that, even if it wasn't accompanied by a whole bunch of inappropriate touching?
a maioria dos brasileiros preferem morar nos estados unidos.
if he broke it he should replace it or at least help you.
, but if she doesn't get that you did your best to not cancel, maybe she is?
- it sounds like fair play if they mock what you eat then you're not going to go out of your way to help them out when they need something you don't eat.
this is extremely controlling/obsessive behaviour and isn’t healthy.
“i don’t want to send videos but i guess i will and also you have to follow some rules...” no.
i'd say  but your ex checked through your phone...
it will be hard but you deserve better than this.
you're not obliged to attend a social function that you're not comfortable attending!
protect yourself and break it off.
i can think of people in my life who seem always underfoot and want to be included in everything i do who i am not especially fond of.
that shit is fucking weird, it’s only porn until you walk in on him and the dog.
dont make a big deal of it or even reveal that is what your are doing.
you are privilege in a cup.
she’s too lazy to apply that’s her problem.
at the same time, you enjoy the job and like your co-workers so it makes sense that you'd want to stay.
there is a possibility of relapse and it would be much harder for you to leave a marriage than a relationship.
just that his bros have his back and the frat has a lawyer.
i was a resident assistant for a year and i had a lot of calls with people having issues with stolen stuff or things being messed with after roommates having people over, it's completely normal since college students are basically dumbasses when not supervised.
if it's a pattern and you dont feel satisfied long term then you should maybe work on it, explore why she doesnt want to have sex or how to make it a more desirable experience for her.
she's probably really disappointed and that's why she's lashing out.
your mother should not have shared the login with her bf, and he definitely should not have shared it onward.
but you can say adios to that cash my dude
if i may share some advice that has helped my dh and me balance our work/home work load: worry more about making sure you both have equal free time to relax rather than an equal workload.
i’d be pissed if i came home to my place and belongings trashed bottom line
sounds to me like a cover up for his true feelings.
are you the asshole for wanting to drink in vegas?
there isn't great research yet, but what we do have suggests that it may influence brain development.
if he had made a joke about you getting a hook hand when they were giving you a cast, that would be joking.
you tipped 20% for shitty service.
she had no right to demand that you be there.
then she decides to frame you and bring guilt away from her to police officers, demanding they arrest you.
these aren't good friends for you
especially if this cat is older, it's reasonable to consider forgoing treatment and letting nature run its course.
but kids may not understand this and might view it differently, especially if in the past you've been very generous.
you need to live your life.
it's bad enough that you didn't know that the gf and her kids had been moved into the house.
you didn't need to give him anything, but kudos for trying to give him more money than he would have made if you hadn't.
just as important as us taking into account his disability is he understanding that others can be disabled too and he may need to take that into account.
like, completely inverts your perception and rationale.
so the odds of ones child being trans as well is incredibly unlikely.
they can be almost impossible to physically see--the young ones are super tiny and they are very good at hiding until you're asleep, at which point they come out and feast.
im not exactly old or experienced enough to have any good advice, but i know that he shouldnt be disturbing your daughters sleep.
you're not a damn storage facility.
if you don’t voice it you may end up having ill feelings toward them and act passive aggressive and get into an even deeper issue with your spouse or his family.
, per se, but an idiot move.
sometimes small lies avoid the awkward question or the confrontation.
if anything, she’s the asshole for bringing her boyfriend to “confront you”.
just make it well known to the guests.
thank you for being an empathetic person.
it's ok to be on separate aisles in the same store, or just across the street with plans to meet up in a couple minutes.
i can understand not wanting to get sick.
it's not for you to do that.
i'm a bisexual woman and can definitely sleep in the same bed as another gay/bisexual woman without it being sexual at all.
your boyfriend is neglecting them and his responsibility as a dog owner.
they view it as lesser, they view it as a burden.
that would be a red flag for me since it celarly shows shows she doesn't have respect for other people's privacy.
threatening suicide is a horrible manipulation tactic used by emotional abusers.
it felt weird and slightly scary sending it out, and not everyone showed up.
i think you didn't do anything wrong but now that you know how things work in your company, you have to decide what is best for you and your career.
you need to decide whether morals or practicality is more important.
mil seems like a raging bitch.
just like it is not your fault they chose to cheat.
i wouldn't stress too hard man, i guarantee double texting didn't ruin your relationship.
(which you still would not be the asshole for.)
you would be shocked at how easy your mind space can shift into expecting things from her because shes rich.
what does she think you should do?
that was a dick move by the prof to reassure you not to worry about deadlines then throw a deadline in your face, leaving you to rush.
i'm not sure who paid for your braces to be taken off, but they're being paid to do this.
you don’t have to be friends with someone you don’t want to be friends with.
sounds like you found out that your roommate isn't your friend for only the low low price of one drawing.
btw my name is also samantha :)
that might mean having them send a pre-paid fed ex to pick up or having someone come get it or dropping the parts off at the location you picked them up from.
you’re reaching the age where you want to start separating from your family, but feel some guilt about it.
what if instead of losing all the presents, one or two of them are delayed until the kid shows a month of better behavior.
your step dad might be a closet stoner.
he should've known he couldnt win it all.
you have every reason to be upset.
you could break up with him for something way less and you still would be valid...
it sounds like you were probably respectful to him and to the overall relationship dynamics.
you had every right to do it yourself because your heating bill started going through the roof and money just doesn’t grow on trees
honestly, hide your spices, and any cookware that requires any special care.
i have a similar familial set up, and my brother’s reaching that stage in his relationship with his gf.
if not, then you will just have to deal with it.
she already has zero respect for you.
however i think you should've given him some sort of heads up that you were about to do it.
if your boss needs someone so badly on tuesday, he'd better start clearing his own schedule.
he *asked.* this gives you the option of saying yes or no.
i think putting it down would be the humane option.
personally i’d just get rid if him but i don’t know your situation enough.
get your nails and hair done, get an std check, and move on with your wonderful life.
this just sounds like a really shitty situation, and it sounds like there was no way for you to win here when it was between your brother’s wedding and your career.
red flags from both of them it seems.
you had an agreement, they backed out.
the rule with relationships is that you have to be able to stand alone before you can stand together.
just learn from it and move on.
what would you accomplish our of telling her what you thought of her?
but in the privacy of your own home, when she's cuddling and in your face, you should be able to speak plainly.
are you seeing a therapist who is any good?
and 99% sure they want money to buy drugs
he’s an adult with adult responsibilities.
we have enough people as it is, and there are plenty of kids out there who need homes.
not a great choice breaking up over text but that’s not what you’re asking about and you already know it was a bad choice.
sounds like you have a great partnership and a bossy mother in law.
you don’t need to keep that toxicity.
i think that it was an awkward situation for both of you.
i think him taking you out it sweet, even if you didn’t want to go.
i wouldn't be surprises if taxes took away most of the revenue from your little pirchase.
and 2) being super entitled and mean about your concerns with noise.
chances are they have judged you based on your posts too.
anyone who makes plans on top of plans is just a dick
it was an off hand comment, not even a lecture.
and idk how old they are but if their body is still changing then i always thought surgery wasn’t a good idea unless it was medically necessary, i could be wrong though.
that can be considered harassment and assault.
a 15 year old could be a freshman in high school and a 19 year old could be a sophomore in college.
- there’s clearly something going on here that she hasn’t told you, as you alluded to towards the end.
you're not interested in him in as a boyfriend, but you are creating a situation that could easily blow up into massive drama.
even for high school kids, this is childish behavior.
i mean, not a great situation but just about everyone's done a senior prank, so i won't judge you on that.
feel bad for her so but i don’t recommend getting involved more
c: you are completely right on points a and b.
he literally told you to do it.
i'm not surprised that she didn't want to hear anything against him, but i don't blame you for saying it.
speaking of, perhaps you might need to look for one for yourself or the marriage.
if you thought it was wrong, that’s how you felt about it.
- she can't be a bad mom and then expect you to just forget everything.
, after she said "we don't have to abide by those signs" and "i'm not giving you my name", i lost all sympathy for her.
step up, make him know that he can't be an ass to others if he wants to be considered part of the family.
the fact that he tried to lie to you about it further instead of just being like ‘haha got ya’ makes it even worse.
of course that applies to money you actually owe (like to your mom), not money freely given without any expectation of being paid back (like from your aunt).
it seems like this is a hindsight sort of deal and youre backwards rationalizing it, based on his behavior.
the mom, albeit in a horrible situation, could have run after him or could have asked you to call the police.
the discs i've learned are worth way more to me than the cost to replace them with new ones.
you got your own space, they have theirs.
kinda, i didn't grow up in a super affectionate household, so it's weird to me.
, speaking from the perspective of the brother's girlfriend, it'd be super awkward and a little boring to go to the graduation of someone they barely know.
we’re talking about a charity and you not willing to pay can seem a bit bad if your feelings are in the way.
it’s suppose to be a day about love so you shouldn’t have people there that you feel the complete opposite for.
it’s something that not everyone is equipped to deal with.
you want privacy and time to recharge your social battery.
this marriage probably needs to end.
some people think that in order to be treated like a person, you must treat them like an authority.
if he refuses to treat your stuff better, then he's the asshole.
save all of the messages you get from them so you have evidence to defend yourself once they inevitably start publicly calling you a rapist.
the three failed courses haven't woken him up.
you said you wanted to leave.
but like you said, being a good person doesn’t mean you’re good for everyone.
i guess her hand was the ultimate crushing machine.
she doesn't get a say in this.
i'd try being forward about it.
> not sure what i'm doing wrong.
count the days until you can all get away from this awful nightmare.
just keep in mind that people who use that sort of manipulative language know exactly what they’re doing.
2) because you would be breaking the rules of your workplace, potentially putting your own employment at risk.
your relationship sounds unhealthy for both of you and i’d suggest separating and taking the kids for their own health and well-being.
it is not healthy and is not benefitting either of you.
please take this as a lesson learned regarding lending money, especially large amounts.
i ask that you please forgive me, although i would understand if you didn't.
in my book, i think you were probably in the right, though it was an extremely petty thing to do.
he was probably just having a bad day.
that being said, they are your girlfriend's family.
also, at the end of the day, your priority can be your husband and his lovely mum.
if your partner is not lesbian or bi then you have nothing to worry about.
nra i also have roommate's and it can be hard to plan around them i think that asking when they will be out is only being considerate of their schedules.
i'm not sure how your other friend thinks you need to get to know someone you've hung out with since middle school *better,* so i think you can ignore their take on it.
anyways, kudos to you for standing up to gender roles and traditional roles.
you shouldn't be in the middle of it.
as someone who is overweight myself if any of my family did this to me i literally walk out the door and not come back.
if taking care of yourself and finding happiness means living by yourself, go for it.
, but it sounds like you need to establish some clearer boundaries when it comes to quiet hours.
as long as you politely asked, this happens quite often and it can't be helped sometimes.
tell your flatmate how you feel about this, maybe he'll talk to his friend.
you shouldn't even need to ask.
dude #1 is definitely toxic and needs to cut the shit.
he'd hurt my feelings and then tell me to get over it, was my fault that i was upset because i over reacted.
it’s hopefully just a misunderstanding on your bf’s side
it also seems suspect that he is sick enough now to know he needs sunday off.
cancel your entire relationship with them
set boundaries and if she doesn't respect them, you're not for each other.
she can explore her kinks in another relationship with a consenting partner.
there are plenty of people out there you could be friends with that dont require you to sacrifice your own morality.
just let him know it’s a guys only hangout night.
if it's any consolation, they probably won't be together long.
wow that was a lot milder than i expected.
what you do owe the kid is standard respect and kindness as you would extend to anyone else.
over the years, keep away from him but if you have to be near him be generous and smile and act kindly.
you may be pathetic, but you're not an asshole.
why would you believe that anyone would feel that you would be an asshole for being angry that your monogamous romantic partner hid from you the fact that she had a communicable sexually transmitted disease after starting a physically intimate relationship?
say something along the lines of "hey how's it going i hope you had fun at [event]" focus on the positive
help out in other ways and keep your mom in the loop as well so she knows what you're doing.
you're , and don't let her make you think you are.
if anyone deserves sympathy it’s her child.
but, , it's from almost 4 years ago, not your problem.
she wasn’t going to change so you did the adult thing and moved on.
honestly i'd distance myself from her issues, i think you handled it all pretty well.
and you want to make sure there's no room for hard feelings now or in the future.
i get that you're overloaded right now.
it doesn't metter that it was your birthday, if i was with my two brothers and my sister, it wouldn't be fine if us guys would talk about football all day.
he doesn’t seem to be defending your relationship.
either you misunderstood the parameters of the relationship, or she is the biggest liar and manipulator i’ve ever seen.
you can't have a healthy long term relationship while you resent her not working and try to convince her otherwise.
for me personally, i would make it clear that i’m uncomfortable with my so communicating with them one-on-one any further.
worst case, it doesn't work for you so you end it and move forward.
you learned this life lesson way earlier than most of us.
but that card was just in terrible taste.
your (and your husband's) purpose in life is not to "give" children to people who won't even be taking care of or paying for them.
that kind of one-sided relationship isn’t healthy.
it was in a mood where we were joking around.
otherwise they just write you off as cheap/a shitty tipper.
that is incredibly unprofessional and borderline taking advantage of having your contact info for professional purposes.
it can be scary facing the truth alone.
your fiancé should not be away when she visits.
also i like how she says you don’t get to decide what’s offensive and what’s not yet she’s made the decision that it’s offensive?
it’s tough - on the one hand, it’s just one day, so you could deal with it to make her happy.
you totally shot him down hard “i was just thirsty”.
she abused you and your friendship.
do it now, if you plan on having children, you will want to get this sorted before grandchildren are involved.
she was going to bring a complete stranger into your home without telling you.
but i’m also wondering why in tf you’re mom can control your bank account and you’re 25?!
let her know you’re there for her - believe me, she’ll think of you when she’s unsure of her surroundings.
you dodged a great big bullet there my friend.
everyone gets cranky and irrational, so see if you can’t do something to help your so’s mood without being confrontational.
you don't write your guest list to keep people happy, you write it to invite the people you are closest with/care the most for.
you * have very good reasons for not wanting sex.
you bought a phone listed as unlocked, but it isn't.
those things go hand in hand, if you're not already seeking help please do that.
you aint special." not to mention telling your husband out of spite????
i don't know if r/raisedbynarcissists is applicable to you, but even reading about "the golden child" will help you get some context for what you're experiencing.
don't doubt yourself at all and get the fuck out of there.
if the seizures make it hard for her to work, she should at a minimum apply for* disability.
for this reason, be more precise and say that their body is male because the male body is the problem in this case, not the identity of the person.
there's lots of awesome cuisine there to try with plenty of vegetarian options so they definitely need to broaden their horizons.
talk to him as much as you need to keep yourself safe, but no more.
in any professional cooking setting, you're cleaning as much as you can as you go so that there isn't a giant pile of grossness at the end of the shift.
if he let you know about this before taking the car i would feel differently but he didn't.
sometimes it amazes me how adults can act like children.
you don't owe anybody your friendship, time, or attention.
what you need to decide here is if you are the partner for her.
that's a question you might want to think about.)
and it's wildly inappropriate for a school to have called an minor sibling to help with a younger sibling, rather than calling they parents, regardless of the language barrier.
you are not obligated to tell him every detail of your life.
you should just go through insurance, in this instance, it would be much easier.
totally  but as someone who cooked their first turkey only 5 years ago they only seem difficult because of their size, but hell if you don’t like the big bird don’t make the big bird
what is the point of that?
take it up with the city council or some governing body as i'm certain there is something that could be done.
you did it for good reasons.
if he is that oblivious, why does he care if you remove them?
i've had similar issues in the past with friends and i basically distanced myself from them.
dogs have sharp teeth and claws man, no way in hell would a sane person go up against two of them.
honestly it seems like you two need to just sit down and talk about being able to vent to each other without it being a pity party of "oh i have it soooooo much worse therefore any of your complaints are irrelevant".
you and your girlfriend determine your relationship rules.
animal cruelty is vile, and is often a behaviour that will escalate.
having a service dog doesn't entitle you to anything besides bringing a dog into places where pets aren't welcome.
when you have kids you have to put them first.
i would tell her to seriously have a conversation with herself.
if you feel like he's someone who has trouble balancing different social circles, you might want to consider inviting him and his so to hang out.
if that was the case, yeah...
it is unfair to you to expect you to hide your relationship and feelings for 3 years, let alone another 6.
i just flew with my 14 month old daughter on my lap on a 2 hour flight.
but if he was just going along with his spouse then yeah.
-- your friend's response was very passive aggressive and was an attempt to make you feel bad.
sounds like it's none of your business.
i tell him that i don't like this conversation and that i think he should stop talking to her and he says goodnight.
it's money from a really hurtful point in time that wasn't expected.
it's her life and you can not go out of your way to help her when helping her clearly will hurt you.
this is a situation where the "asshole tax" idea is relevant.
and getting mad because you're working more hours is very immature, she should have been happy for you, you got promoted!
nobody "needs" to accommodate you for shit.
but then again, you're 15 and will have to put up with that until you're older.
but it depends how you said it.
you coming up with alternatives was thoughtful enough, you were just trying to spend time together after all so?
also lol she wants to just pay 25% and still have access to all of your stuff.
he was a close friend, you’re allowed to feel depressed and upset.
1 - how are you supposed to tell if someone identifies as male or female based on commonly nonsensical reddit usernames?
, you didn’t sign up for that.
just make sure you know who you’re voting for and why if you choose to vote.
there is no harm in telling her that you'd like to move but only if you know she will be contributing financially to the relationship- that you can't handle the pressure of being the sole breadwinner while getting a home established in a new area.
have you spoken with your s/o about him?
, pay him for the game only $35 , and tell him to fuck off.
abusers will say anything to get what they want from you, and the abused will say anything to keep from being abused again.
that's not a good way to give a hint.
now if you were being obnoxious, loud, or rude while talking to the waitstaff, then yes, i'd call you an asshole.
i expect mild irritation from those around me and just...let them feel it, as long as im' doing what i can to mitigate the situation.
you obviously care about him and are watching for the warning signs of alcoholism.
one thing i am curious about though is that you mention such a heavily christian demographic pushing the santa tradition.
if she didn't want to get caught cheating, she shouldn't have cheated.
there may be truth to her story but if we were not in that room right when they were having sex then we can’t be ones to tell what actually happened.
it's not rude of you to say this is no longer convenient for you to do.
find a lady who will communicate.
as far as i'm concerned, a nipple is a nipple.
overtime without pay for 2.5 years?
sorry that's happened and i have had something, although not to your extent, happen to me and i know how incredibly hurtful it is.
and i know its tough cause you want to help them.
flash forward to now, my boyfriend keeps throwing this in my face when i question an action of his.
as it stands currently though your family are all assholes in this situation.
confrontation is uncomfortable, but you said what you had to.
i’m sure she’s used to it, and probably hasn’t given her interaction with you a second thought.
like you said if you have a problem with the one ply your roommate is content with then buy your own.
he isn't the asshole, and it might help you get past some of the anger you feel towards your father, which will put you in a healthier place.
also if your girlfriend, after seeing how arraignments for made for her friend's boyfriend after the fact, didn't raise hell to get space for you she clearly doesn't value the relationship as much as you do.
you're not an asshole, you're just not used to the specific conventions of the genre of writing yet.
that’s the situation you’re in, and it’s not healthy.
perhaps going forward, you can offer to work from the common room (if you have a laptop) on exam nights so he can sleep soundly.
sounds like they are all making suggestions because it's something they want to do.
; this is by your own admission a purely professional relationship.
i would not host a single other event at your place if you remain friends and would seriously consider keeping them as friends.
if he is being hostile to you then he is trying to drive you off.
i would first talk to your boss about the situation and establish that you don’t want this to carry over into the workplace.
but don't expect much help with the chores.
and if they cannot understand that, they are being assholes, and acting like toddlers who don’t understand ownership.
you clearly set rules, she didn't follow them, brought pets in without asking you, but pins your dog in a 4x4.
- situations like this are incredibly complicated and you did what you thought was right for her.
- but really change your passwords and don’t let him spend your money.
despite the love you say she has for you, she still acts in such a way as to continually remove herself from your life.
you kissing his ass would not help him.
that is selfish on her part.
not sure how you would think you are.
that leaves you sitting there, being strung along, waiting for her to decide when you're "close enough", or "trustworthy enough", or whatever reason she has that she hasn't explained anything to you.
only advice i have is tell him he should talk to her instead of he should have, that way its more advice than criticism
theres nothing wrong with putting a modern twist there but in all honestly mixing up styles more often then not just looks bad.
this is, however, a divided concept and there will be people on both sides of the argument.
if he harms himself, it's because he's chosen to do that, nothing he does is your fault.
i brought it up a year ago and he looked at me and said "shhhhh" all jokey, but it severely pissed me off.
nobody should be forced to get worse than the others when you all pay the same amount.
you are allowed to limit contact with toxic family members once you are an adult.
is there enough money to fund your travel and cover funeral expenses, not to mention body transport if you die somewhere far away?
given your low gpa, it would have made *you* look like the shady cheater.
- don't tell her until a says it's ok.
even if you do not want get any one else involved, there is no shame in asking someone for advice.
at college or wherever you are it's hugely important to meet new people and make new friends and not be held back.
ask the director to take them down politely and refrain from doing it again in the future.
your sil needs a big wake up call.
you should expect nothing less than that spot to be available every time you come to park.
you are in the right and have done nothing wrong.
saying you aren't dark enough is kinda fucked though.
you should stay clear of the situation, until it works itself out.
the bride is taking a big risk here...and unfortunately it's not just with her wedding, but your money.
while i do think it can be nice to accommodate some requests from sos, i think the way your bf went about addressing this wasn’t great, and if he started dating you while you dress like you do, then he can’t say he didn’t know that this is how you prefer to dress.
like i don’t think every news source besides fox news is just “pushing the liberal agenda.” it is of course blamed on my “liberal schooling”.)
reschedule the visit, don't give her an option.
this is a problem, and if it isn’t already then it will become one over time.
i totally get wanting to make your boyfriend happy but remember it's *your* body.
you've made a well thought out, logical, strategic decision as to where you need to live right now.
, but if she was otherwise kind and you don’t want to burn a bridge, it wouldn’t hurt to send a “it’ll make more sense going forward to direct your questions to xyz, as i’m no longer with the company.” -style text.
at this point (a year) it is imo unreasonable for her to continue holding out for a dream job.
in the mean time park as long as you remain within your lane (unlike the woman on your right) you are good.
me and my boyfriend have our own christmas ( just me and him) on the 23 then my mother’s on 24 then his mother on the 25.
you are doing them a favour, the least they could do is keep you updated on plans.
but this is one of those "the answer is obvious, why are you asking?" questions.
- the “company” does not care about you.
your friends can do what they want with their money.
she is using god to try to justify her being ta.
but it can be an individualized thing.
it's one thing if he had a very very toxic work environment and it was causing him depression but this isn't the time to job jump over small things.
you are trying to be a good employee.
you gave him good advice and actually showed him great support by encouraging therapy and seeking other supports.
he may not mean to send the message "i just want to take a significant amount of your resources, and i don't even respect you enough to tell you the truth about it," but that's what his actions are saying, essentially.
you don't even have to request this that politely, as i feel like this should be more of a mandatory thing considering the situation.
i feel like other commenters are understating how tedious it is to create a new email address & transfer everything over.
la is definitely out of line for lashing out at you because you do not wish to pursue a relationship with someone you're not attracted to.
but it's completely unfair to use your own child for emotional support like this.
you need sleep, she wants to sleep with her kittens.
that you will make it clearer next time about your strict 9:30 rule so she is armed with enough info to make her own decision about whether it’s “worth it” if you’re not answering.
now if you were to act on these feelings towards things that he did 30+ years ago, that opens up a different discussion.
tell her that she will have one last chance to prove herself after the break and suggest she has a really good think about whether this is the right job/career for her.
i don't know how things work legally where you are, but in a marriage there is no "mine" and "yours" just "ours."
i was desperate for human contact and tried everything.
a good counsellor can work with him to develop the skills he needs.
, and clearly he wants you to feel as miserable as he is since he has a boulder on his shoulders - you did your job, was 30 minutes earlier and obviously your appearance & hygiene still didn't stop him from unloading whatever from your truck while signing off on paperwork.
however, you might be displaying more "rich person behaviors" than you realize.
you can't choose family, but you sure as hell don't have to forgive them for a dam thing.
better to get the truth from you now than to be slapped with it later after losing countless amounts of time and money.
even the worst of my friends would have at the very least told me that they couldn't come at the last minute.
, but i think you should probably stop sending the articles for now.
he needs to get a job and contribute.
and then where would you and your kids be?
you aren't guilty or the asshole in this situation.
he has a medical issue that is dramatically decreasing your quality of life and isn’t trying to fix it.
it's totally up to you who you have in your life.
you stood up for what you believed in.
you wouldn’t be the asshole for informing your boss, but i understand the fear of blowback.
you have the right to choose whether or not you’re interested in dating someone.
best of luck in your classes and in this whole mess!
, but recognize that mental illness isn't always out of control.
explain the impact on you of him withdrawing some much.
that is terribly poor judgement on his part and worse, he continued to be an asshole even when you asked for help.
> but a properly written detailed one would generally have more weight.
tell him how it makes you feel and if he cautious about this girl he is chilling with.
if she won't budge i'd inform the police of the scam or take her to small claims for the original price of the phone.
maybe you should have talked to your current gf about why you kept them (if you didn't)
, but i don't think it's going to work.
i made the wrong decision of hanging with a bunch of jerks back in secondary school (singaporean here), regretted it, and moved on to get much better friends after graduation.
i’d bet animals pee outside near that building all the time...domesticated dogs and untamed squirrels.
she wants to keep you on the back burner so she can use you for compliments/validation while never actually dating you.
if you could convince him to change, you'd probably really improve his life.
, send your regrets and maybe a nice gift (if you are so inclined, not saying it's required), and you're good.
congrats on your marriage and i wish you and yours a happy, long life together!!
not all friendships are strong enough to weather through mental illness.
your apartment manager is an asshole for not handling it, and the driver was an asshole.
he’s trying to change the agreement you had.
asshole isn't the right word for it.
those two are going to be so tired they won't be in the mood to do any of the things they promise.
she does not deserve to have an animal under her care as of right now.
that’s what a business is supposed to do if they want to be competitive.
just let them know that it’s not because you don’t want to spend time with them it’s just that you’re very tired and need time to yourself to recharge.
she literally falsely accused him of rape.
jesus people, i know this reddit is for judging but this kid was 13.
he is her last child and she is possibly sad that he is off to live his own life.
you can unfriend someone for liking cats instead of dogs.
she wanted a relationship for the good times only, and not the bad.
9 times out of 10 i say mind your own business.
i've spilled my own drink before and was given a replacement at no charge.
i feel like you did exactly the right thing for yourself
probably best to end communication with her sooner rather than later.
nuke the bridge, blow it up from orbit.
you have the right to do what you wish with your money and life.
a decent person should voluntarily move to the empty room to keep it down, it's ridiculous that she gets her family to agree that it's a weird rule.
, i hate when people do that shit.
do not contact me at all." edit then block him everywhere.
- you're not obligated to her friendship.
, though it sounds like you should end things with him because this situation just sounds toxic.
all in all, this needs to be a conversation between you and your husband.
i’m 24 with several diagnosed severe mental disorders and i was just like her when i was young.
i will say that 'stick to your lane, man' isn't trying to do it nicely though (can't say i know a way to do it nicely that isn't pretentious though).
absolutely  - you and your family have done something extremely generous by taking her in and that is something she should be incredibly grateful for.
also, if you're both into the sexy lingerie, then there are some options.
get out of there, violence is not ok.
by reporting her, you may have saved your own ass from expulsion for having the same exam answers.
at least go find a supportive sub for these types of discussions, like r/twoxchromosomes.
be prepared to toughen up--that's the point of film school, in my opinion.
a vacation is something that is supposed to be enjoyable.
and if you do, put whatever you were wearing in the dryer, on high, immediately when you get home.
by your telling, you were very polite, didnt make a scene, and asked if they would like feedback [personally i wouldn't offer feedback myself, but hey, that's me].
but it is vital to understand that it happens and how to spot when things are not ok.) you have a duty to your child.
she has no obligation to listen though.
it's fine that you set that boundary and cut her out of your life to protect yourself.
some calls are too important to not pick up, you politely tried to not answer it while in class and then stepped out so as to not create a distraction.
if he wants to date her, then it shouldn't matter if you two hooked up anyway.
he may get upset, but my friends and i have had to do this with past partners and actually gotten decent results.
honestly, this is on the borderline but i really can't call you an asshole because you seem to be genuinely remorseful.
you don't want to overwhelm her by airing every petty grievance you've ever had with her, and more importantly, you don't want to give her an opening to dismiss your concerns because of all the things she's done for you in the past.
but a clean break is probably required for a reset of the boundaries.
he could have had the decency to save you your portion.
if you get berated anyway, do the thing making you most happy.
sympathy aside, you have a duty in those situations to help save a life.
i think he sometimes sees sex like you do, just something physical.
also info, because the title of the post says you're depressed over this girl potentially not liking you, but the content of the post makes it sound like you're okay with it because you want to focus on other things.
for me that wouldn't be an overreaction, i wouldn't want to date someone who a) completely lost their shit in a situation like that and b) who's racist/shallow.
me and my gf of (very soon) 4 years have had a lot of back and forth where one of us have been out of a job, or her and me having to live of my student loans.
i’ve never understand colleges that treat kids like they just went into 13th grade!
good on you for being so generous when you can, you can't please everyone all the time.
if your values and hers aren't in agreement then it makes sense to let her go.
they're not necessarily being assholes by refusing to have nursing care (even if you don't agree with their decision, and i wouldn't in your situation either), but they definitely are by relentlessly using your family as drivers and then endangering others' lives by driving themselves.
i hope you find a path towards accepting yourself & that your partner is there for you during your journey.
but its not wrong to have needs.
that said, i think seeing each other, what, like <10 days?
of course one would like to say that there should be a better way to handle things, but at least nothing got physical.
she's gone into full blown psychosis and letting her walk around with this delusion is only making it harder on herself.
, though i don't think being passive aggressive does anything to help the situation.
however, sometimes it’s difficult or completely impossible to reason with a very religious parent.
he's not a child that can't take care of himself and you're not his mother.
i was in the same situation with my first and we had people judging us and boy, did i prove them all wrong!
that part is not your responsibility.
you are reasonable in calling the cops after multiple in person requests.
actually i don't know for sure what they would have said.
you're , you're just dating someone who treats you like a child.
that's not a sin on your part.
it's most likely not sitting well with her.
hide away my fellow bully victim.
add to that all the stories you've likely told of how much this person means to you, and you have a recipe for disaster.
you have legitimate reasons not to want your mother there.
i'm sure if a smell lingers for long periods of time it can get quite annoying.
mother and newborn would appreciate the rest.
sounds like she has issues with people, maybe not serious issues, maybe just shyness or something, idk, but if you make friends easily that's nothing to apologise for.
you’re under no obligation to buy anything from anyone, especially if there has been radio silence on their end.
you have responsibilities and a life to uphold.
ive struggled with depression since childhood.
it's absolutely none of their business when you do it and they need to butt out of it.
this is basically the relationship equivalent-break up by best friend.
your husbands reaction is very common and when people overreact like this its usually because they are trying to not-see any problems.
you’re not an asshole for not wanting to hang out with them again, but i really think you should tell levi and ian that adam is the reason.
even if they don’t see it.
you can be the bigger person, but that is a double-edged sword, i fear.
they couldn't hold their end of the bargain.
you're actually trying to get better and i (kinda) get he's not ready to get healthy but he should at least be supporting you.
i would suggest being prepared with alternative methods for keeping warm, actually demonstrating the temperature in your room, and explaining that you have to cool the room .down with whatever methods in order to sleep consider also of you would accept a room switch.
"survival sex" is the unfortunate act that some people feel they have to have with an abuser (or person in power of them) in order to survive a situation.
&#x200b; if you find that he exploits the age difference or he coerces her to do things or this would be a different story, but you didn't indicate that.
- you ultimately have to decide whether you can be satisfied with the current situation.
help your dad find another job instead.
if she said things deliberately to wound you, you’re justified in walking away.
he sounds hella unstable and you should continue to run as far as you can from this toxic relationship
especially since this apparently not the first time that this has happened.
with a little preemie just home, you have a perfect, ready-made excuse to have a private family christmas with your new circle of three.
this is an issue around boundaries and respect.
all the things that have happened.
offer to go back to work and take the nanny back - state that you didn’t agree to be maid, mom, and nanny, and if he felt that it was necessary financially to let the maid go, then obviously you need to go back to work.
could you compromise with mil and ask her to gift your daughter a light weight coat for spring time?
the person you worked for dodged the discussion of how much she'd pay you repeatedly, probably in the hopes that you'd drop the issue and just do the work.
talking out loud to the point of bothering those around them is an asshole move, so calling them out on it should not be asshole behavior.
they were probably piling all of their hopes on you (unfairly) since your other siblings had already opted out.
when she got together with you, she knew that your priority was raising your child.
don't even think for a second you are.
but if she doesn't want to, she needs to understand that she won't get anything extra that day.
so i slipped and landed on the steps on my tailbone.
like the other commenter said, she's an adult so in the end she'll make her choice but you're definitely not the asshole for not wanting to deal with that.
seems like she just won’t say “i can’t do it”.
i have been in a similar situation but i was your friend and the client had assualted me.
this would raise real red flags for me.
that goes for both parties here.
however, it's entirely possible he disclosed his disability (because employers can receive tax credits for that) without requesting accommodation; in this case, he can be treated like a regular employee, but it must again be stressed the sensitivity with which this topic should be discussed.
the only proper response to an ultimatum of “it’s me or your family” is “goodbye”
it wasn't working out for you, and staying in a relationship you're not happy with isn't doing anyone any favors.
that makes them the assholes, not you.
if you did not have an attitude then .
she might become defensive or angry, but stay on topic.
once you're feeling less frustrated by the situation, try to sit and talk with them about possible options.
you can't fix your friends mental health problems, nor should you have to.
for better or for worse, he’ll sort it out.
get them to say you have back problems or something and need to sleep in the bed if they don't want to look rude.
if you need time that’s fine too but i’m here when you need me’ and just see what she says.
you will need to sue him in small claims court to force its return (or more likely compensation for its value).
your husband is also in the wrong.
sometimes i'll say things that make complete sense to me, but sound like absolute gibberish to anyone present.
it's not your responsibility to fix someone's life for them, and you're not at fault for having a life of your own.
, stay away from all these people.
but that aside, language barriers are hard and faux pas happen all the time.
i probably would have dropped everything and walked out just based on that.
you should have just told her you liked her mug so much that its your home mug.
there's a pretty big difference between us, i'm a few-times-a-week, he's fine like every few weeks to months, depending on stresses in his life [seriously guys, like *months*, it can be rough].
you should focus on yourself and your own mental health, it isn’t your responsibility to deal with other people’s problems.
just because your male family members can't fathom being able to handle that doesn't mean other guys can't.
find classes that better meet your goals afterwards.
doesn't matter if its saturday, noises off at midnight unless everyone in the place is participating and it won't wake the neighbors.
( teacher wouldn't give the test and explain me the things i didn't understand, because what's the point if doing the test if less than 10% of that class shows up.) your education is more important than being popular now, sff four years and you'll be wondering why you even cared so much.
doesn't matter if your sperm/egg helped create her or not.
we shared a sofa but each had our individual interests.
it shows who she's willing to make time for and who she prioritises.
i cant believe i'm *actually* about to dive into this...but here we go.
it'd be one thing if there was no money being exchanged between them, but since it's clear to you that your brother is spending a lot of money on this girl someone needed to mention to him that she may be milking him for all he's worth.
that foundation has been swept away.
just do your best to get them hooked up with a reputable neurologist.
the damage deposit isn't a monetary hostage situation that he can use to bargain with people to play nicely with one another.
listening and helping a friend with serious issues is extremely draining, and the fact that you offered any time she needs shows you’re a good friend.
he is just as much a parent to your children as he is.
i disagree with other comments on “it’s her house” argument.
you offered your time as long as you got compensation, then you offered to lend your car for a fraction of the cost it would have cost them to rent one.
unless you have expressed romantic interest in a girl you’re hanging out with, your girlfriend should trust you enough to allow you to make friends and she should want you to be happy and fulfilled at school.
hopefully it sticks so your efforts aren't wasted.
(one of them worked for nasa for years) it has completely altered how they eat, requires daily medications, and has landed them both in the hospital multiple times.
he's the one that made these plans on his own without you.
, i work in a mental facility and if you haven't been exposed to that kind of thing, it's hard to grasp how lost a person can get.
whats good the goose is good for the gander.
in fact, if he's a real prick (and it sounds like he is) it may backfire if he decides to be an ass and bring shit up to fuck with your head.
: while i feel calling her out in the server was a bit overkill, i personally extremely dislike plagiarism.
you shouldn't use that word in their house if you know they don't like it, but since it slipped out and she wanted to make you do something you did not want to do, leaving was the right thing to do.
no she’s extremely insecure and needs to get over it - if she wants to be with anyone, not just you.
she should look into another form of birth control (iud, the pill, the implant, etc) if condoms aren't enough for her.
if a watering can is empty, it can not provide any water for the plants.
sorry sweetheart this isnt a rom-com.
you showed a lot more restraint than i would have.
not only that, but they left the project incomplete, so if they want you to complete it, they should have to pay you whatever you see fit to finish the job that they started that you did not ask for, or complete it themselves.
honestly you’re just kind of in a shitty situation, but  imo.
good thing you got out of there again.
you aren't talking about thousands of dollars here...
but it's difficult to say exactly without knowing more about your relationship.
one of my best friends does this too.
your sister seems pretty self-centred, imo it's not even that bad to prioritise your work over your sister, since, y'know, one literally keeps a roof over your head, and the other has several other people to contact anyway.
until then, i think it’s in the cat’s best interest to stay with you, regardless of her feelings.
to get pissed off when you left, fully informing her that you were, and giving her a reason behind your wishes...
, she was probably angry about something else and took the opportunity to lash out.
but ya'll should probably stop saying "fuck" so much in front of your 3-year-old unless you want to start hearing him say it.
everybody in the usa knows this.
my hourly rate is $x and i have a minimum of $x hours for short term work.
on a completely different note: >she's starting an internship type job today, she comes out at 6 and my parents won't let me walk her due to it being far and i'd get home late.
of course she shut down, she probably felt ashamed or embarrassed (which is a common reaction) but you had only the best intentions.
, it’s your (and your fiancé’s) wedding, you decide who comes.
not having any safe/private space of your own, not having a say in your living arrangement.
relax and recharge so when you do go home, you're excited to see everyone and you guys can be the "jolliest bunch of assholes this side of the nuthouse." please say you get my reference.
i've been diagnosed with depression, ptsd and anxiety, i somehow manage to not be a raging asshole for no reason.
hopefully it'll get better when he laves and they realize all the spoiling didn't make him love them more.
, if it's what you need to feel relaxed then go for it.
people don't have a right to a promotion just because they've been around longer.
i'm sure he's not doing it on purpose.
you were almost hit by a car, due to careless and dangerous driving.
really didn’t have to get beyond the title.
4) she decided to pop kids into the world, not you.
idk if you covering his bills has prevented you from doing anything that's important/you really want to do, but that might be a way of bringing the issue up with him that's more acceptable than scolding him for gambling.
you called out of concern for your neighbors.
i know i'll probably get downvoted into oblivion for that statement, but i'm just reporting what scientists are uncovering.
also, maybe she should be contributing to the mortgage and other costs of living there...but that's a separate issue.
as long as he was your "friend" you couldn't date anyone else because you'd be rubbing it in his face?
if you express how this person makes you feel uncomfortable in a calm, rational, and nonjudgmental way, you’re .
think of it this way, if they did the same thing to you, would you extend a "hello, how are you" or would you limit if not stop all communications with said person.
it sounds like your neighbor is just a curmudgeon who has too much time on his hands.
you might still care about her, but she's in way deep at the moment.
get out of this relationship asap.
however, it sounds like she's the one that should be drawing the line and deciding where and how she wants to spend her time, she should get better friends imo.
just keep eating alone, i say.
i mean, you were an asshole, but you weren't in the wrong.
family is easiest to get mad at.
they'll always have something to say, especially unsolicited.
there's something wrong with the child's learning, and there's a possibility it's the laptop.
> she wants him off the sofas, which i don't agree with, especially as key point here.
but based on what you described here you asked once and she said yes and asked again when circumstances changed and she said no and you stopped, i have a hard time getting considering this assault.
maybe he should get some counseling for the separation if it stresses him out enough to do all of that.
, but depends on how close you are to the friend.
you are in a moment that money is tight and you are trying to make the best of the situation while she might have had dreams of a wedding.
easy one, you dont owe anyone a relationship
i’m very sorry for your loss...
you have my complete sympathy and understanding.
i think it's fair for your husband to say something calmly like "hey, we saw that the arm of our couch was broken last night...
if you feel the need to work this out, just tell her you’re happy to help out but she needs to pitch in and let you know when she needs help.
) however, taking this at face value.
the drug thing should be obvious as hell, so their loss on that.
i'm honestly not sure if op is really not seeing the multiple, huge, mile-high red flags, or if this is fake.
having babies at 21 is what you do when the average mortality is at 42.
there's a time and a place, and perhaps this was the wrong time and place for open-minded or thought-provoking.
they get you to buy drinks and desserts so that their tip they hopefully get is large.
i've been out of high school now for almost 20 years and there's not a single day that goes by where i dont miss it!
life dealt you a difficult hand.
you're a great friend, keep it up.
3-4x a week is excessive af.
she brought this on herself, don't feel bad.
i mean, if there was an issue with their kids seeing that, ok, the husband saying 'hey brah, please don't do that where the kids can see it,' that's cool.
really weird how obsessive you're getting about someone else's weight/health though.
i don't think anybody should be subject to that kind of abuse and manipulation, and it sounds like you have a constructive plan of how to deal with this going forward.
normally i eye roll hard at self-validation posts where the user doesn’t really do anything but...
maybe at that moment you were not really concerned about the gun, but you should have been.
his advice did not incite abuse, rape, stalking or violence as some of the commenters have suggested.
it's not as though kitty had found a home where he was well looked after
or y’all can do something on your own or on another day.
as roommates you all end up too close for comfort so i don’t blame you for mentioning a weird “household occurrence”.
but don't look at it as "cutting your losses." every relationship you have in your life is valuable.
if you want to rekindle the relationship, that's on you also.
she put herself in shitty situations and always got fucked over.
so she's either cheap or struggling financially and you're wealthy enough to buy plane tickets for 15 people?
it's okay to cut ties with her for the moment.
you've put a lot of thought into what you can and can't handle, and decided what's best for you (and therefore, the kid).
if i was you i would try to put more pressure on the landlord, they are the one who is responsible for this not you.
that said, "at work?" don't shit where you eat.
- not even a little bit.
this is an arm's length transaction.
if you're polite enough about it, and manage without hurting anyone's feelings, it should be fine.
maybe she really didn't care about it at all.
the other stall had piss all over it, and it's not your responsibility to clean that bathroom.
she could've taken it and moved on, even if she wasnt to eat it right there.
she opened up a can of worms by reaching out to your family behind your backs.
*especially* considering how much it sounds like you helped these people out before.
if you're unwilling to leave him over this, i would at least seek out sex therapy as a couple, and probably for him on his own, as well.
if she's not happy, that's her problem not yours.
get a good picture of the kid covered in cake in a high chair and that's all they'll want to see in the future anyway.
as long as it isn't on the backs of others i encourage you to never turn your back on an opportunity that will better your life.
- you guys need to have a conversation about balance, and the fact that you're not her servant, you're her partner, which means constantly sending you on errands because she doesn't want to do things for herself is unreasonable.
i mean you wanted a few simple things for your birthday if he can’t accommodate that he might be better off single.
plus he's mad at you for this?
i've learned to let the pennies slide and always round down.
i would assume after she had started the healing process, she knew she could call with any questions or concerns.
i find your reaction completely normal.
- you tried your best based on the info you had an made an attempt to use non-gender specific terms (i don't consider "dude" a gendered term).
have a talk with your family about your beliefs and ask for the same respect you had before you were atheist.
that *was* a lot of money, but nothing in this story is your fault.
she doesn’t want to date you and you have mistaken her friendliness for romantic interest in the past.
-- tattoos are permanent, and you should spend your money where you're most comfortable with how it'll come out.
you’re not obligated to date/ hang out with anyone.
could you tell her it's hurtful that she's remaining in contact with someone who treated both you + her this way?
you acted rationally in response to her outburst, which is only commendable on your part.
i do not believe in throwing out relationships over minor issues, but this is not a minor issue.
you're actively working on your mental health problems.
not the world's problem or yours.
even if she had ms, how she treated your still emotionally, financially and physically scarred you.
info but this is a delicate situation where there are very few things you can say to make you .
if you shut that down, then you co-workers could think you're an asshole and stop doing you any favors.
he can’t do this later in life either.
women are often penalized for having even a hint of a backbone.
these days you can’t be too careful.
, you don't need this toxicity in your life, do you?
1) he shouldn't have forced you to do something he knew you'd be uncomfortable with.
based on your narrative, i would have blocked her afterward too.
don't call her a liar or make a big deal about the change in the amount of the raise.
he shouldn't get the benefit of your hard work.
she was in a stroller until she could walk.
it was disappointing and frustrating that she didn't go forward with plans and you're completely valid for feeling that; do be gentle about telling her this though.
do it and don't worry about whether doing it make you an asshole- as long as you're not cruel, and you're calm, compassionate, and matter-of-fact about the situation, you will not be an asshole.
this sounds like behavior from an 18-year-old.
there's nothing wrong with sanitizing your hand before you grab something (the wafer) and put it in your mouth.
— two consenting adults did some adult things.
so one year you both go to your boyfriend's family for christmas (and maybe other days with your family).
it was pretty nice of you to offer the ride, your sister just seems greedy.
it’s definitely reasonable to expect basic upkeep from you, but doing intense dusting, scrubbing the toilets, and other time-consuming jobs can be pretty difficult with kids around.
i’d talk to your friends seriously about it and explain how you feel before getting upset.
maybe if he showed some genuine remorse or understanding it would be different.
3 year olds are not easy.
you are seen as bragging because most people are wildly irresponsible and can’t fathom having 3k in savings.
- your step dad should be a functioning adult
it's hard to cut toxic people from your life.
stand up for yourself, he sounds like a huge dick.
teachers, administrators, counselors--they're all pretty good at keeping those thing confidential.
you need a way to take breaks when you're visiting.
it's really hard to explain but i can personally relate to what she's saying.
it is uncomfortable, and possibly scary, for these people to entertain ideas that conflict with their own because they are immersed in a community of like-minded individuals - and going against the herd often means backlash.
, you shouldn't feel obligated to perfrom something that makes you uncomfrotable/you don't feel like doing.
as things stand, though, you know they hired you because you're competent, not out of fear of a lawsuit, and if they'd rejected you, you'd know it was because you weren't a good fit, not because of the pregnancy.
in that situation you were completely justified by needed time for yourself at that moment.
don’t set yourself on fire to keep them warm.
, but if you're planning on ending the friendship, be very careful of the way you go about it.
you aren't crippling them, they are crippling themselves by not having foresight to hire more people, and pay the people they have more $$$.
however, it might be better to find non-aggressive solution to this.
you never know she could be a really good friend.
however, as you don't have concrete evidence you should be careful about how you approach him if you decide to.
and if their intentions were genuine they would have just cleaned up the garbage
all else equal, a dude and i following the same routine and same diet will have different results.
that made them chill out a bit when it came to me.
i don't care if i'm being "rude" according to them.
- i wouldn’t want to spend time with someone who basically robbed me.
i get you didn't want to tell her on the night.
sounds like a red flag to me but you’ll have to gauge that for yourself.
you might have checked with your sister but it sounds like she was doing better, and you did her a huge favour by coming to stay with her and if you need to rest up before a surgery on monday i think you had every right to go home if you thought she was doing ok.
there's a point of being messy and being absolutely disgusting.
because if what you are saying is correct, this is actual tax fraud in several different directions.
he has already moved on and to our knowledge never told you to stay away from her.
you cant hold the whole thing together.
and even if the reason for you not being attracted to her anymore is because she used to be a man, that's your preference.
how she’s trying to basically manage his and your lives and how it’s affecting your relationship with your father, and your happiness?
also, if you didn't clearly express to her that you need to just find a new bf right away to feel better, she shouldn't be trying to set you up with people.
your sister sounds like a tight assed braggart.
in all seriousness, from a woman, you're good.
info/ how exactly did the conversation go when you told her it was rude?
at the very least he should have paid for gas and maybe some wear and tear.
free sample, oh no not really, give me a tip.
your girlfriend bought it for you and maybe in her mind she thought it was something you could do together?
perhaps if you can talk to your mom about enrolling you in some local co-ops and activities that you're interested in, you could build some social skills and have some friends with similar interests.
maybe he can get his own place and your mom can go over there sometimes.
friend one sounds kinda dumb for dating this guy but ultimately not a bad person.
it can make someone feel guilty if they’ve accepted a gift from you or you celebrated their birthday, etc.
she sounds very entitled; the other details you're getting annoyed at other than that are all because you're at your wits ends with this entitlement.
it's a relevant question nowadays and you have the right to lay ground rules and vet out partners.
good luck to you and hang in there!
it ain’t a fetish, its cheating.
it helped distract from my need to actively "support" - which helped boyfriend as he didn't want/ need me to be actively anything and just needed to do his own thing - and also meant he didn't have as much guilt about ruining the day for me, to add to whatever other feelings were bouncing around in his head.
she just sounds jealous and kind of salty, really.
have video/audio so that when you call the authorities to report trespassing or noise violations, you can prove your allegations.
is that because she wants it to be?
blink twice if this is you!!
they need to scale tf back.
but can you possibly get a lamp?
in addition, make sure that if you do capture someone in the picture that they’re ok with you keeping it.
you’ve subconsciously treated her daughter different?
some people just don’t have a good sense of boundaries when talking to couples.
a coke problem isn't a juicy secret; it's a fucking tragedy.
we had friends do the needed labor and kept it simple.
i dunno there's so much that could be going on here, but at any rate this situation isn't healthy for your household.
feel free to enforce your boundaries with your mom, because she is very much overstepping them.
this is the worst fucking idea i’ve ever heard.
i think the holiday idea is a very reasonable compromise.
- get a time machine and tell her you couldn’t find them.
you saw the ceremony which is really the important part.
let her know that you had been busy and that you were doing what you had to, to keep your life rolling.
if you're absolutely sure it was a normal parking spot, .
i am glad to hear that you will be moving on soon.
be polite, but firm and remove yourself from situation.
i have a brilliant life now without the toxicity.
i suggest you ask, specifically, what the grader meant by that feedback.
not like you could either way.
sometimes it was someone he knew, although usually it would be someone he met at a bar or something.
but now that you know what it feels like to be excluded, please don't forget to watch out for others in future groups you are part of.
it’s too bad your partner is not more willing to see things from your point of view.
they have no idea why they weren't tipped.
hers arent more important than yours.
send a civil card and move on- she's not beneficial to you (if truth be told) and neither is you pandering to her (1 year is just the start- 2 is evidence, longer is proof.
"oh and btw, ill leave if my old boss wants me back" this alone is enough to decline rob.
but this is an actual crime, and from what you're saying, she's also levying actual threats at you.
while it might have been nice to give dh a tiny trinket since you got mil one, you're definitely not an asshole for getting him nothing.
this should be so obvious and clear.
can’t believe she ever made you guys return the first cat that’s just horrible.
but he left the dog with you and you’ve assumed care and finances of the animal so i personally feel like he’s out of the picture.
sometimes people lack empathy and just want their way.
- i think in this case if you've got an established group for a particular hobby, then any additions to the group should be happy to join the group as-is, and they shouldn't expect things to change to accommodate their sense of humour.
i teach english abroad too and would feel the same as you.
you said it all right here.
she noticed you got a new snap-friend, and was promptly trying to compensate for her loss of standing in your circle.
you’re obviously burned out and overwhelmed by everything.
for example if the rule is "you can play for 1 hour each day between these hours" then you set a timer.
it's not mentally healthy for her to rely on you for companionship, and it's not healthy for you either.
i am in a simular situation when it comes to our safe-community-app.
this is a pretty simple one - .
he lives for the highs and is a manipulative asshole.
a guidance counselor, nurse, teacher, anyone who is a mandated reporter.
i tried to leave on good terms, however i lost all but one friend out of dozens.
but it sounds like you're just wasting your time with this person.
if you both understand each other’s love languages it will make it easier for both of you.
and this is why context is important.
- he needs to know because as soon as he puts his name on the birth certificate, he could be on the hook for child support for 18 years.
the logical thing to do would be to cancel the holiday party, and just go to the backstreet boys concert together instead.
you absolutely did the right thing.
and he's never gonna mess with your nephew again.
it really seems like your uncle wants nothing to do with the rest of the family.
unless he thanks you every week/night/whatever for doing the same thing,
- your brother seems fucking annoying.
any decent clerk will give you a cup for iced water, but a pepsi isn't going to save a transient from dehydration.
&#x200b; for real though, he's the asshole; seems like he just wanted to have sex with out and be done.
your “moral framework” tells you to tell her.
my husband is on board because he knows she disrespects me.
most indians in fact love sharing their culture, and the fact you’re doing it as a sort of tribute makes it more acceptable as well.
i would do it before his unlicensed and thus uninsured business gets sued by someone when they get bit by a dog or find mouse droppings on their pastry plate.
give him time to sort out whatever is going on in his head and allow yourself to mourn in your own way without him trying to shove his solution down your throat.
trust has been violated, yet at the same time parental burden is heavy.
, they aren’t assholes, but you for sure are not one.
break-ups can be a good thing when the other person isn't bringing much to the relationship.
lot of pit-falls on this one my dude, but ynta.
i commend you for getting the slip leash and getting the dog off the streets.youre good peoples
unless she owns it you should have the right to have him removed, and should pursue it lawfully - besides attacking your cat, which is just fvcked, it probably violates your lease for him to be there.
these are his kids as much as they are yours and he should take more of the responsibility of you're overwhelmed.
you’re just looking out for your mum.
"sorry c, but we had been planning on moving to a house and that is still the plan.
but check with r/legaladvice how to remove her legally.
the place was really empty and there was just one guy at the pay booth and a girl sitting on some chairs reasonably far away.
there’s few things more annoying then being forced to work in groups in school.
you don't lead people on in the future.
unfortunately, you are not equipped to actually help this lady.
he could possibly withdraw from classes and sort his shit out without you all having to carry his slack.
what a bunch of ungrateful moochers.
you have nothing to apologize for, but they do.
most likely, she's just being pissy because you wouldn't drop everything to talk to her.
i hurt but my limbs still work, so got into low impact employment and study to get into a better paying field.
you should text your landlord at every infringement and let her handle it.
she's sick, she needs her mother.
- the only way you would be is if you somehow sabotaged her application.
the car's in your name, therefore it's your property.
yes you're an asshole, cars love meeting other cars in the boarding room, they can show off each others' headlights and make honky noises at each other.
- i've seen this shite before, and 9/10 it's a huuuge prelude to an affair.
, but you were slightly socially inept.
handicap bathrooms stalls aren’t the same as parking spaces, where you’re not allowed to use them if you’re able bodied.
but you’re fighting a losing battle - people are going to believe what they like, what brings their life meaning, and what cultivates community for them.
when you live with other people you need to make adjustments and be considerate of the other people you are living with a concept she doesn't seem to understand.
you stand your ground and if people get pissed off, so be it.
you did your part, you tried to get him to get help, he ignored you and continued to be manipulative and push your boundaries.
i feel awful that a day that was meant to be the best of your life was tarnished by the event
we are both fine now but it was pretty scary there for awhile.
the dr: "my understanding is that she has had 1 partner who was also a virgin.
wife wanted a girl so bad she had this timing calculator and did every old wives tale in the book and we even had sex on the right moon phase or some shit.
likewise she didn’t do anything wrong by refusing to switch.
secondly, i hate to be so jaded, but many homeless/destitute individuals often blatantly lie about service.
it will hurt him and he won't be happy about it but it will hurt more if he finds out on his own down the road.
might teach them a valuable life lesson....
, your roommate is the owner and should be responsible for the damage the puppy does.
it’s hard to be in both of your shoes, so just keep talking about your concerns with her.
if anything she should go to the father if the child not you.
he sounds like a selfish child.
no problems calling her out on her rubbish.
this is not your drama and you need to not go on this crusade.
it's inevitable that the little brother will want to do what you are doing and you should be proud that he is modeling himself after you.
then she should want to cut them off.
it's okay to choose not to be friends with someone for any reason, you don't owe anyone your friendship.
but, you're going to be in some hot water with the so if you don't clear it with them first.
i think, i would say everyone sucks because of you only wanting her for sex that one time, but like, you've apologised profusely and she pretty much put your life in danger to make up for it along with all that other shit she expected of you, so i'd say you've more than made up for that.
do what you need to do, just be safe.
, time for everyone to move on
doesn't anybody actually pay attention to that cartoon at the start of every movie?
focus on the positive things in your life.
his feelings aren't going to magically go away and he may still hope that something changes eventually, but as long as he's not trying to manipulate you in any way it's up to him if he can deal with it or not.
but instead of just straight up taking money from her talk to your aunt and try to convince your mom to cough up the $100.
, but holy crap this statement 'she told me she didn't have any std's (which i wasn't so sure about given how easily she slept with me)'.
if you came to work with something incredibly contagious, you would be the asshole.
personally, i wouldn't bother acknowledging the whole cup issue.
we didn’t talk but i still kept tabs on him and when things reached a point where is put a suicide message out online and i thats when i stepped in and now he is sobering up.
saying you have a bf implies that you would be interested if said bf were not in the picture.
wishing you the best of luck!
and then you made a joke that hit a sore spot?
after that and/or dessert, then bring the check.
you're not obligated to go out with people just because they might like you.
it sounds like your boyfriend did a good job sticking up for himself and you guys' plans initially, and even suggesting that those plans not be ditched altogether.
any reason why you guys havent moved in together?
she gets to feel momentarily embarrassed about that.
plus, don't let your family pressure you into thinking differently, if you cannot respect your grandma, you don't have to force yourself to accomodate her in any situation.
- he wanted the bring your weight into the breakup, i'd say it's fair game to bring his in too
family is tricky and every circumstance is different, but don't feel bad about looking out for yourself.
you can do what you like.
the only thing you can do is save yourself.
i'm not a particularly wise man either.
bearing a grudge will eat at you, so work to get past that resentment, work out why it's bugging you so much, and reopen a dialogue.
14 is old enough to have a reasonable conversation.
- this is part of growing up and potentially forming your own family.
people should learn how to tell someone they aren't in the mood if that person initiates.
you seem like a good hearted person and sometimes this is what it takes to make a change.
if you had hidden it she'd have more grounds for being upset but you were upfront and honest.
one thing that is kind of bs is his own behavior with his phone.
it's shady and weird, and there must be a reason that he didn't tell you and acted so awkwardly when you went up to his table.
she got exactly what she asked for.
is it this singular shitty teaching experience due to a shitty teacher?
what has happened has not been your fault.
unless you rsvp'd "yes" and are bailing last minute.
for me on the other hand, sex is an important way to express your feelings for a person.
if they're able to make payments to you they can just as easily take out a loan and make payments to a bank.
they wanted to bully h, and now they're bullying you.
i mean you do sound judgy but .
i mean, you are indirectly saying everyone's hands are dirty.
a button down, pants nicer than khakis if you have them, and a blazer are perfect semi-formal attire.
the doctors i’m calling on are involved in surgeries almost every day.
you would be an asshole if you actually kept their cat.
i'm sure you have sl an idea you could suggest to him for that.
you should have a say over what your friend posts about you online.
if she stops being your friend, but starts smelling like roses, her life will likely improve, get more friends, go on dates, not make people cross the road to avoid her do her a favour and do this
she posts on his fb wall every couple of weeks, messaged him so much that he had to turn off his activity status, messaged me about him so much (asking for his number, snapchat, etc) that i did the same, followed us on 3 different ig accounts (i accepted one by accident and she commented on all the pics i have of him), the list goes on.
yeah you could've said it in a nicer way (maybe you should clarify that with her, even if she doesn't respond), but teaching someone all that material is hard for anyone, especially if you need to work on it yourself.
the people who continue to use the machines past the “closing” time are assholes.
don't feel bad about telling him no.
you could take them down in an act of kindness towards him, but you are def  if you decide he isnt worth you going out of your way to be more kind towards him.
that way she’s the bad guy and he isn’t.
you want to be and (i bet) are a fantastic role model, but sometimes that's just not enough.
, i did the same thing for a few christmases.
as you said, you and he are supposed to be a team.
i’m sorry you’re hurt.” as for miranda...
still, your father has failed to give you *any* reason at all to not cut ties...
- your sister is just ignorant.
it's one thing to momentarily get frustrated about something, but the way this guy has chosen to react both in the short term and longer term are very concerning to me.
then i could see why theyd want this to be kept secret
but she sounds as if she's very immature by the way she flippantly proposed that the two of you enter into dog breeding.
some times you just need time to yourself, and there's nothing wrong with that.
your boss is a great guy and knows that happy employees are more productive.
the company will always find someone to replace you and if you can find another job that doesn't fuck you off go for it
you need to have one last talk with him to clear things up, and if he doesnt listen?
having a mental illness does not give a person an excuse to abuse someone else.
, unless you guys are really well off, that's a pretty significant amount, and the fact that you guys normally consult with each other about big purchases indicates that he knows that he should.
his teacher has branded him as a bad kid but there is evidence to support he isn't (always, i know he isn't an angel by any means) at fault.
it sucks and is awkward but ultimately your bro should be happy you're happy.
- while she is with you in the mall, you have a responsibility to protect her.
that being said, it's your money.
in an ideal world, if you paid for the retainer, your sister should pay for the clothes/cosmetics.
you told your brother repeatedly that you don’t like anime.
your trip didn't go as planned, shit happens.
he has no right to be so nasty to you over not wanting to throw perfectly good condoms in the trash.
it's usually the thought that counts most.
secondly you keep overly sensitive sexual preference to yourself
she didn't do it in a very delicate way, but she might have felt like you were "mean" to her in the sense that she felt lied to about who you are.
she was joking around already and you obviously said that in a joking matter, she must’ve not seen it that way i guess.
it’s against fb policy to post pictures of underage children without the parents permission.
i don't live in ireland any more, but it snowed yesterday, which didn't settle, and it was really cold last night.
sounds like a sook, just headbutt him and tell him get fuk definitely
i'm sure you can say it more nicely than me, but definitely put your foot down!
you aren't physically attracted to the guy, that's that.
you guys want him to be polite, but if he was maybe she would never stop calling...
this lines up with destination weddings.
and that's as simple as taking this to her professor.
i’d view this as an act of cheating and would have ended the relationship.
you made your wishes very clear and set a boundary that you had a right to set since it was about an image of you.
hate to say it but this could be the beginning of the end.
you care about her, and a quick update or two isn't too much to ask for.
if not then that's again super sketchy that he said you ransacked the place looking for cameras when you made sure to replace everything as it previously was.
what if she tried to drive off while she was drunk?
i worked with a lady who basically stole her cat from someone who didn’t take care of it and they lived a happy life together.
next time get in their face and ask if they have a problem with mixed race people and demand that you have a right to that culture as much as anyone.
you are entitled to your emotions and your own morals.
i understand you’re hurt but it’s obviously important for him to have a guys-only party.
if i were you, i wouldn’t worry too much now that the landlords already know- they will hopefully do something about it.
you only have so much time and energy and you get to choose what you devote it to.
i’m going to lean toward  because, as others have said, your intentions were good, and you didn’t know any better.
there are some details missing here.
this would be the same if you were female.
but that’s not your current roommates fault.
what if she tries this on a young child or someone with special needs waiting for their mom?
definietly  the payday is marked at a date and you have bills to pay.
you don’t owe him anything and if you were uncomfortable you would be in the right to leave, wich you were
it was responsible of you, and adult - after all if you \*were\* the father, she could pursue you for support.
maybe she needed to not be fuckin' wearing it?
she is being pretty selfish and impatient.
she didn't help coordinate, therefore she doesn't deserve credit.
you don’t, in your heart, which is why you came here.
dude shouldnt be making you uncomfortable at work
kids are a huge step and you have every right to feel uncomfortable with a particular method of having children.
definitely need to have the boundaries discussion or break up.
depression is the asshole in this scenario.
he may not listen and then you've got a choice to make
i'm always there to lend an ear or a shoulder to cry on for my friends who need support.
if she had any real sentimental ties to anything, she would’ve picked it up by now.
i understand things have been tough for you.
you'd think he'd want to be around to open it with you there considering the relationship.
would his head explode if you got an accountant?
if you are not exaggerating your description of her...i would avoid her like the plague.
you don't even have a baby yet and people can change.
your boss sounds like one, though.
it is a tough situation though, so i don’t have advice on what you can do to help her but you should be distancing yourself if you notice it’s affecting you negatively.
you also mention that she never worked, never did housework, and never did her classwork.
he didn't kill himself because you left him.
, maybe you're antisocial, but that's a valid choice to make.
not when it costs your own peace of mind.
this is just a miserable circle-jerk, and the only thing you’re guilty of being the asshole for is giving it a platform to play out
your parents should not be relying on their children for all their translating needs.
literally the reason i own noise cancelling headphones.
he needs to learn that what he is doing takes up energy, and that its expensive.
at the same time, there's a chance i may be projecting and making wrong assumptions about you and your needs here.
depression can explain things, but it's not an excuse.
and what your husband is doing is not okay.
i’m also the tech guy in the family and 9 times out of 10 i offer to help instead of being asked.
it seems like she doesn’t really do you good in general.
she sounds like a real piece of work.
setting up direct deposit is not hard, and if it has taken her a second then she's being lazy.
neigh, you’re  ^(i couldn’t stop myself) is this girl tina belcher perhaps?
, but i think you're making a bigger deal out of this than it needs to be.
if she’s upset that you won’t write her a $25,000 check based on a notebook, then that’s her issue.
, you can live wherever you want as long as it's your money.
the fact his expectations haven't changed now the kid is around, and you are exhausted but he isn't, suggests that you've made all the necessary changes but he hasn't.
permit patty and her barbecue beckys can stick their thumbs up their noses and get the fuck over their tut-tutting asses.
you can wait it out like i did.
but if you were enabling your friend this whole time, and if you do consider him a friend, don't just stop helping him out of nowhere.
she's been nothing but toxic and i see nothing that suggests she has changed so no reason to walk right back into her nonsense.
- i don't understand why she assumed someone did this maliciously?
only read the tl;dr but  some kind of crap "best friend" you got there that would allow this to happen.
i think your sister probably will but if she's reasonable, she'll come around eventually.
, but it seems you could have handled this better.
in a budding relationship you should be open about things and not allow them to build up.
she obviously feels stupid, and it was stupid, but people do stupid things sometimes.
she did a stupid, weird thing and should be held to the same standard.
keep your chin up and steer to coarse.
and if i do ask, it basically has to be because there's a really good reason why her and not me, (i.e.
that said, they can give you crap and look down on you for being different from them.
we all describe the truth as we see it.
how hard is it to eat food without smacking your lips and being loud, it grosses people out.
the fact that he did anyway tells me that he either isn't listening to you, or that he does listen and is going to do what he wants anyway.
if it's blacklisted i'd inform the police that this person sold you a phone that was likely stolen.
-you are under no obligation to spend time with people who refuse to treat you with respect.
~~info is your revolver centerfire or rimfire.~~
but at the same time, since it's really a meaningless thing to begin with, wouldn't it be better to just make your girlfriend happy?
everyone knew (or should have known) the risks going in.
playing music out loud in a public place is generally is a dick move, but there are some scenarios where it is acceptable.
mental illness is not an excuse to be an asshole to other people - he needs to get help.
while he had good intentions, he crossed his boundaries since it was a private moment and you were caught completely off guard.
i understand having more bills than money, but she *knows* that money was never intended for her.
that's why i have a no joking rule for people who do that
i could be wrong but that’s what i am getting.
babies aren’t community property and none of these people are paying the bills.
if you’re intentionally making it harder to clean, ywbta, but if you’re not taking the time to stack plates and such ynta.
you're doing everything you can, while still giving yourself a break mentally, and that's completely okay.
i will forever pay for other peoples stuff if they treat me the way i feel i treat them, with respect and affection.
- that’s literally what tinder is for.
testify and get full custody for your mother because your father is a fucking train wreck.
don't write those things off the cuff when you are mad and give them directly to the person.
i'd suspect your friends are being told an 'altered truth' though.
does he do this type of thing often?
if the company decided that they could pay someone less to do your job, you would be let go, with no notice, let alone a month of notice that they ask you to give them.
but be prepared for billy to take offense to being called out on his behavior.
this is an evolutionary response that triggers the "something's wrong" parts our brain (layman's terms obviously).
i don't think anyone handled this well.
you just need to trust your so.
: she’s obviously sick and was venting to you when she was aware.
what would make you the asshole is if you used their political beliefs to dehumanize them.
i didn't see anything overly rude in your approach, just matter-of-fact.
i'm a little pissed on your behalf.
these are really really horrid behaviors for your partner to display.
she's talking about the symbolism rather than the cost, she's practical, looking at house deposits rather than jewellery, and she says she'd say yes even if you used a pandora ring.
i can't judge moment-to-moment on whether or not you both act a bit a-hole-ish to each other in your general exchanges (hitting someone is still really not okay, though!), but overall, if the relationship is almost purely negative and a weight on your life, then i don't think it's an a-hole move to look for distance.
when you end your friendship with someone in a group so emphatically everybody is going to have an opinion.
even if he just bought you flowers you would be happy right?
this really needs a tl dr but based on what i read, .
- they left the relationship and she’s still in it with you.
give it 10 more years to see if apologies start rolling out.
your point that it was for both of you just makes you taking them without letting her know extra rude, really.
who you date is your decision, and being choosy with your partners is better than settling for anyone who asks you.
it's okay to be an extrovert and want to see friends, but he said it was a trip for your birthday, and you made it clear you wanted some alone time.
i'd just avoid these types of discussions if it is hurting feelings and relationships but overall it seems she is being close minded
i know married couples that keep finances separate to avoid conflict over spending habits, but this marriage sounds completely fucked.
but i think you're mistaken when you say she is generally trusting.
the amount of travel time will or will not be worth it depending on how long you can manage to be away for for the honeymoon :) not sure vacations day allotment etc for either of you
that needs to be done in private
but it's definitely up to you op, i dont know the circumstances you're under but it's better to try and walk away, than regret not trying at all.
politely tell her you don't loan your camera to anyone.
, you’re the side chick - dump this guy, you can do much much better for yourself x x x
he should have respected your first response, maybe offered a 'are you sure?' and then cut it out.
and i *knew* leading up to the trip that i just did not want to go, i was not in the right state of mind for that trip, and i only went because everyone else told me how dumb i was for not wanting to go, blahblahblah.
my roomie asks me to leave all the time and i do the same for her.
you took out your credit card as you sat down?
but you might want to think about if it's worth hanging onto that friendship while he treats you this way, or just co existing as housemates.
my husband and i always try to ask what we have planned or what’s upcoming before we make any set in stone plans.
, you were sick and you did everything you could do to make sure she has a ride
can't believe you even made a post for this...
he needs to take care of his responsibilities (baby, bills) before he goes for his dream job.
, you really should find some outside help.
- provided your wife is ok with that type of joking, the sister doesn’t get a say.
i mean, does he want you to prepare a separate dinner dish or is it more about snacking on his food?
history is doomed to repeat itself
how long has she even known him?
maybe he’s still not over your relationship and this is how he’s latching on.
personally, i'm on her side, but i understand yours.
, if anything your brother is, i work front desk at a nice resort, and if the room was under your moms name there is absolutely nothing you can say or do that would get you a key to that room to get up the elevator.
you have your reasons and coping system to deal with what you went through.
but the sad truth is that if you live in your parents house rent free they can get away with this stuff.
they had no intention of respecting your home or rules.
you did all you could, it sucks but if someone doesn’t want to listen then it’s their own fault.
i am still afraid of gs breeds and won't let one into my house or near my nephews.
they're a married couple, they need that kind of contact.
however, it is maybe worth holding back on banter until you know how it will be received.
he's gross and you had every right to end the conversation.
this is a dealbreaker for you, as it should be.
you're doing a great job breaking the cycle.
i’ve rescued starving dogs from the side of the road, so yeah, i love dogs.
to get critiqued by peers who know nothing or everything, and by professors who know how to get the best out of you.
can't do math, don't get a job requiring math.
(2) it's not your fault they decided to travel when they are broke.
seems like a big oversight on her part.
she's not upset because you don't like it, she's upset because she feels like she should have picked something better that you'd have liked more.
if she had done a good job she would have found out why you didn’t want to share and then told you it was okay, we all have misunderstandings, and then asked you to explain your drawing and share it with the class.
instead i would suggest telling them “no” when they ask you individually, and simply saying, “i’ve showed you how to do this before and don’t have time, here’s a link to a web page explaining it again.
some tip up to %5 on take-out, but usually it is not required.
you're allowed to have time away from him and want to do your own thing.
you tried to be nice and then she bitched that she couldn't sit on the end?
i've seen people use different stuff like this (a classmate used the a death by cancer as her topic) multiple times and they're in their right to use it.
i hope your next year gets better, at least in general.
good riddance to your entire alphabet of friends
your friends and followers can get mad all they want.
- i don't see you committing any actual faults here.
it's never going to end well, and there are plenty of other people out there that you could be playing with.
hopefully your lack of response will get the message across.
but about porn you should follow your therapist, what you are doing is really dangerous think like this; a alcoholic sniffing alcohol.
i say fuck her and her stupid mlm.
that is animal abuse, and i absolutely do not blame op and sis from rescuing this poor animal.
the only way to get rid of them is a specific course of treatment that is expensive and a huge pain in the ass, but the alternative is living in abject misery and spreading them to everyone who spends time at your home (or even with you.
but you gotta take care of yourself, and if his alarm routine truly messes with your ability to get adequate sleep, maybe sleeping in different rooms for now will help.
aren't there laundry baskets near where you live?
consider posting the relevant details in /r/legaladvice.
did you know that the one doctor that said that vaccines can cause autism lost his medical license because he lied?
who comes into a store 5 minutes before closing without knowing exactly what they want and getting the fuck out?
despite claiming to be extremely intelligent tim never went to college, had trouble holding down a job and just stayed at home playing video games.
if she wanted to go bang other guys then she should of made it more clear than taking a break.
do whatever makes your life best.
you already said you've fallen out of love so that's your reason for breaking up.
were you hollering out every obscenity in the book?
bring what you like to eat.
fun at the expense of someone who doesn't enjoy it isn't fun, it's unacceptable assholery.
expecting that their poor time management is an excuse to inconvenience others is brash and inconsiderate.
fast forward 14 years and she has been the softest, nicest stray you could ask for, she didn't meow much but she did purr.
the minute you two started doing stuff, however minor, the dynamic of the relationship changed.
so see about maybe spelling it out for her if you think you’re able to.
she is the one who sleeps around and would have possibly brought an std into the relationship so it seems like she is deflecting and trying to somehow place blame on you.
if it was to be a surprise you might have txted him "hey, make sure to be home on time tonite" or something, that wouldn't have given away the surprise.
my grandmother hardly notices and if she does, we tell her that we hope we'll all be able to spend time together during my aunt's next visit.
having said that, he sounds very manipulative.
homeless beggars are a huge issue.
you’ve done nothing wrong, and you definitely weren’t “trying to make her feel bad”.
we understand it's a genuine question but you opened yourself up for rebuttle as soon as you asked.
just because you’re family doesn’t mean you’re obligated to her.
hence we don't punish consensual teenage relationships (even if sexual) unless there is a serious reason to do so.
but you should have stayed as a witness.
consider what they think, feel, and why they might do what they do.
you should be able to choose what you do with it, and she is wrong to try and force you into something.
you may want to contact a gambling support organisation yourself.
if so, i want you to know i’m cool with that and you should go for it.” will be the much more mature and honorable thing to do.
even if it didn't really affect you it wouldn't make you an asshole.
as frustrating as she was being, she feels responsible for you now because of your dad.
even if you hand’t applied and gotten your seat, nothing guarantees that she would have been next in line.
but you need to be honest with her, not necessarily that there’s someone else, but that you don’t see it going any further.
a family member of mine had to give up a dog to a home where she could receive the care and love and attention that she deserved and simply couldn’t get with them, and she’s thriving now, happy as can be.
inappropriate touching in disguise (for abusers, not for anyone just because they play with kids!
and people like your mother are one more reason why marital abuse and dead spouses sometimes are not able to be prevented.
doesn't matter whose house it is.
like you said, you're taking 8 days off unpaid and don't want to deal with another added day of no money.
just because she wants to go to the same fest as you doesn't negate the fact that you already once gave up desired time off the previous year for her benefit.
women can harass too, and this is a perfect example of that.
these validation seeking posts are annoying.
she wants to hand out religious christmas cards to them that's her prerogative but walking out over it seems a bit immature so still .
you would be held responsible for a kid who's parents aren't there, you can't expect everyone to be so comfortable with that.
they could have had any litany of diseases: rabies, necrotic bacteria, and zoonotic disease...
you just have trouble w this particular situation
- this is very touchy so i personally wouldn’t say anything to her about how you think she’s lying.
it's absolutely understandable why you don't want her to move in, and honestly a smart move.
graduations are for the graduates and the people who have supported them throughout their education, so it's totally understandable why you wouldn't want the people attending yours to include a sibling who has been absent for most of your life and now shows little to no interest in it.
if they'll replace it (and put that in writing), then at least they're willing to put their money where their mouth is.
but getting aggressive and defensive in response to a reasonable question is a red flag.
steer clear of her and if ur bf is smart he will too.
, also i love "i said i'd ask," like, "yeah, thanks for your input, i'll pass that message along...to a two-year-old..."
is she in jail right now or did your parents bail her out?
i have a kid, yeah they can cry for no reason.
it doesn't matter if he's your cousin or your identical fuckin twin, someone like that is bound to drive everyone near them to goddamn insanity.
you can't seriously tell us that you are going to leave him if he doesn't propose by june, but that you haven't told him.
your husbands parents may have their feelings hurt, but did your husband ever think about your parents feelings?
idk what the issue is with her not smoking close to your baby.
you guys are pretty young, and it isn't really a surprise that he's changed his mind about being in the closet; your 20s are formative years and it's to be expected that people change.
as for advice, i have had similar issues with family in the past, which have mostly been resolved, so what i have to say may be helpful.
it was probably not the wisest move to escalate the tension between you and your (soon-to-be former?) roommate by getting his friend arrested - you could have handled this differently - but you are not the asshole here.
which movie you watched, who picked the movie...
i get that she probably wants to spend time with you, but her demanding that the living room be silent for her to work, which takes away a lot of options for you to entertain yourself, is selfish.
additionally, since you were likely an american if you were loyalist, it's more of an american/british joke.
putting the pieces back together after a trauma can change a person quite a bit
if you were welcome to be there, why didn't she invite you?
she needs to get her stuff together and should've been prepared like y'all were, if not, then not get a grade for presenting.
people can only handle so much.
you attempted to go through the proper channels and none of them would acknowledge you.
time to let him figure his own way
it's not as if you refused his suggestions, you just wanted to make sure you also had something you liked so you wouldn't wind up hungry.
if she gets upset, than she has to learn that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
, your boundaries are your boundaries.
they said they were coming (for your birthday no less), did a no-show, didn't even give you an explanation and now want to get upset because you won't go to their christmas dinner?
tell them to find a dog sitter or pay to board it for a weekend.
if she has to miss time with her kid then you are not required to rearrange your lives to suit her, she cancels she misses out.
next time just file a noise complaint to the police.
you're definitely not the asshole here.
, but you have to realise how it comes off when a friendly guy who seems really cool turns out to only be interested in you for romantic/sexual purposes.
i don't think that the friend's gender reveal has anything to do with this though.
i can understand what you mean by burden, and i felt that.
you aren’t the asshole for wanting to follow through with the original plan, and still hang out with her that weekend.
, breakups are a significant life event.
i didn't really mind as i wasn't paying rent, but it was still my room and my things.
heck let your dad quiz you on the stuff you already know/didnt learn, best case scenario your dad will be impressed and happy he raised the kiddo right and you can stroke your ego confirming you are ahead of the curve.
if atheism is what makes the most sense for you, awesome, that is your decision to make, not theirs.
you need professional advice to help deal with this situation.
yesterday i arrived at a pay booth.
you protected yourself and the store owner from potential fines for selling tobacco that makes its way to children.
you're in the right to feel how you feel, maybe being with a mentally ill person is not for you.
i'd say  as long as you try to rekindle the relationship down the line when your daughter has a more solid sense of self.
- you can charge whatever you want for the services you’re providing, including giving your friend a cheaper price than your sister, but she’s not under any obligation to keep using you as a babysitter for any reason, including finding out about the price difference.
i don’t think you are the asshole for distancing yourself.
it happens, and can result from any number of things.
a job in the food industry would fix this.
like you said, she lives a comfortable life.
it will be a great learning experience for her when everyone walks away from "her" project.
if you're not interested, you really shouldn't participate - for your own good and for the good of your partner.
bc i think you are right.
unfortunately, i’ve experienced this in many different cities and countries.
it is as useful to you as a brick.
be careful, if you say no and she doesn't break up with you, she may try to put holes in the condoms, stop taking her birth control, etc.
you will be the asshole if you lie and go behind a’s back.
you never have to do something you don't want to do as long as you are honest about it.
you need to talk to him about it and say that it is not okay, that you need your sleep.
if he still says he doesn't care, then take that literally.
if it’s the only stall available, use it.
get him a card and a chocolate bar or a bottle of booze.
the girl next to her automatically took a firm tone and told her that was rude and she should know better, the only dumb question is the one that doesn't get asked.
a child is a life sentence, make sure it's what you want as well.
, that girl sounds like she needs help.
if it wasn't you, it would be someone else.
something that definitely needs to be discussed before you both potentially waste another 5 years.
if we were friends irl and you said that me associating with so-and-so triggered really weird feelings, you can count on that person being as good as gone.
but i think you’re viewing it in a somewhat pessimistic way.
they’re terribly disrespectful to you & your husband and they sound overall toxic.
glad you found someone that makes you happy in the end though!
if they allow it, record your convos with the neighbors and set up a camera to watch their fence.
but rest easy knowing you didn't ruin the dinner.
your parents don't have the right to try to keep you closeted.
it's your choice what you do with it.
when they pay, send a text that said "got it, thanks jane".
i've been there as a single parent and have broken relationships immediately when they made my kid feel unwelcome.
i call my male best friend the ying to my yang and my boyfriend doesn't get mad because he knows we are best friends and nothing more.
i don’t think any of the two choices is inherently wrong and i think neither choice would make you an asshole.
but definitely not the best way to approach the problem.
, but also, do you really like this guy enough to mother him this way?
i mean it’s your brother, i wouldn’t cut off my brother for making jokes but he would of stopped if he saw that it was actually affecting us.
ie rather than having a situation where everyone is angry and “not talking”, create a situation where you keep your distance in a friendly way.
"money just like last time" is pretty damn unambiguous.
y’all should clock in if it’s mandatory.
- leave little obvious tasks for him to “help with”.
i’d just let him know how much you spend on it weekly or monthly and that you’re trying to save, then ask if you can go half in together on future buys, or alternate buys, or something like that.
your bro sounds like a real shit bag who could've helped and given you the time to get your gf, but it's her problem if she's salty after your gave her advanced notice that you apologetically could not drive her and never promised in the first place
they might just not want to hear it played for all i know.
my sister and i were not bridesmaids for each other and we are close (though we have ups and downs like any relationship).
but your kid was just playing and the dog bit her enough to break skin.
less is more when it comes to acne.
people this day and age want to be a little more independent.
provided you aren't looking for conversations that are too long, wanting to be supportive, as well as making sure she's okay, isn't *too* much to ask for.
because free rent and a full ride are really, really nice and he's kinda an idiot for giving those up unless there were major issues.
you tried to end the convo.
literally wore the same super ugly shoes in red, white and blue in increasing sizes for years.
i really hope things work out for you.
always over do it in terms of getting out of work, just in case.
, has a similar situation where i gave dad an ultimatum, he tells mom or i do.
contrary to surprisingly popular belief, children are entitled to bodily autonomy and having their space respected the same as any adult.
i made it my personal business to do everything i am able to do, which is everything in the store.
sounds like you really care about your students and you deserve a big pat on the back for that.
if she wants both of you to chip in then the decision must be made together as well.
you probably should have come to an agreement before starting the airbnb about how to split the money.
in your situation, most people probably would take it.
let him call himself a veteran.
explain that to your friends point blank and also bring up how they would have been bystanders.
just tell them you're no longer feeling up to hosting and perhaps offer to spend a day in your city with them instead of an overnight visit.
you have your sexual desires that you want partners to fulfill, and if they're not willing to give it a shot, you're free to find someone else.
it may not be worth it to waste your breath.
don't let her treat you like one.
who the fuck is clapping for a movie?
maybe some sort of therapy - individual if you think you're suffering from depression and for him, his jealousy and couples for your relationship?
where do you draw the line?
(girl) the fact he text and she didn't is a worrying sign for their relationship
say you agree to disagree, leave it at that, change the subject if they start getting offended, whatever it takes.
that would be a nice gesture.
it's a lifelong issue that can be debilitating when it flares.
even if she wanted to escape her convo with the dude, by agreeing to your invitation it would have been an unspoken rejection of the dude.
he'll either tell himself you're just an asshole or will think about it and turn his life around.
if they acted accordingly, that's natural.
however, this seems like a repeating pattern.
she will find out, but the later it is the more devastating it will be.
idk why she needs you and if she does then she should have been a bit less self absorb when you were there for her.
don’t trust someone in the midst of a complete meltdown when they tell you they don’t need or want mental help.
i hope you can get away from them soon.
when their grandfather is dying, he might care.
no communication or visits until things clear up.
it sucks, but i just keep that window closed.
:) but it doesn’t need to be all or nothing - consider smaller gifts, or doing something fun with them as a special treat.
she says that she will not be able to work and her vision of a future relationship includes being a stay at home mom.
if you feel like it’s not fair i would recommend voicing it.
stay strong and try and not let this mess affect you too bad.
for wanting him to do the bare minimum of picking up after himself.
taking responsibility and doing what you don't want to be doing in favour of what needs to be done is a very mature thing to do.
like was the reason that your parents had a huge falling out bad enough that if you weren't their daughter, you wouldn't want anything to do with your father?
nope  that's what they get for hacking your stuff.
good for you for finding dance.
all that being said your mental health is worth so much more than the societal norm of your parents/family love you and you're supposed to grin and bare it because they're your family.
i understand why you would make the natural assumption he's not attracted to you, especially if you were just coming to learn and understand his ed issues.
she should be more aware of your feelings
or just wear a little powder.
i don't think anyone should stick with someone just based on history.
for the things you felt/feel and the meaning behind the words.
if not their boyfriends should be picking up the slack.
i thought you were gonna say you cooked a grand meal for yourself and he was kinda disappointed you didn't leave some for him.
and honestly, stop allowing him to come over if she keeps coming along.
things will likely get worse, and you'll hate yourself for missing the opportunity.
if it's students creating a club and funding any events themselves is one thing.
i see a lot of these types of posts and my answers are always the same.
seems like she changed her mind and you rejected her because she rejected you.
she may never forgive you, but .
if your ex starts making your current boyfriend uncomfortable (for valid reasons), let him know.
it's not your fault her vehicle has bad gas mileage.
and space for that matter - especially if messy, but even just taking up the bathroom or kitchen which regardless of how often you stay in your bedroom, you will use.
arguing online however just creates a clusterfuck of drama.
i feel you are well within your rights to do what you have.
you're not required to equally suffer along with your gf.
maybe try keeping hand wipes or sanitizer around in convenient places and thank him for remembering to use them.
as long as you don’t start *acting* like an asshole, you’re okay.
this is a rant, not an actual aita post.
perhaps someone had moved out and left ours behind til she moved in with us.
you haven’t hinted at any signs of flirting or ill intent.
life is too short to spend it uncomfortable with yourself.
by the way, i think she is the asshole in this story and is using her children to sorta blackmail you into submission.
nope, i don't want you holding my baby either.
as long as you don’t shout at her and politely ask her to stop.
like you said it makes you stressed it isnt your obligation.
pay for your own party or don’t invite anyone, it’s too much.
honestly, i'd hate it too, but they have the right to film you while you're on the job.
you are not an asshole because you proposed a reasonable solution and she was incidentally caught out by it.
like everyday she flips a coin with what she wants to be or do with you
if he withdraws support and affection because you say you aren't happy, that's a really unhealthy (and potentially abusive) relationship.
you are sharing your body with another person.
also, why is everyone saying  getting downvoted??
now your sister feels like she's in the right becuase of how you called her out - she's going to focus on how you yelled at her and called her a bitch rather than how she actually made your gf feel and how hurtful that is to both of you which is super unfortunate.
, and i'm not sure i even have to explain why lol
good leaders don't leave people out.
if they're turning up unspuspectingly at your home it can be annoying.
is it possible for both of you to go and just to go to different parts of europe?
if this behavior beginners l becomes a pattern, do yourself a favor and get out.
otherwise it’s rape, which is a crime in the state of literally everywhere in the northern hemisphere.
all said i do agree that your family should have given it more space as attack do happen but i wouldn’t raise my voice bc of it as not only would that make a scene but if could as disturb the gator and cause it to behave more defensively.
relatively little work experience for your age looks bad.
who knows why they did, im not going to speculate on that.
i only shake hands with people i respect, but that's me.
that being said, looking at it from your coworkers' perspective: * you were well enough to be at school (you didn't get sent home sick), but not well enough to work?
neither of you are at fault because it’s just an accident.and it seems like the kid didn’t get hurt, either, so it’s not like blame needs to be assigned anyway.
run far and fast from these weirdos.
100% your dad is an asshole, your mum is an asshole for letting him act like an asshole, theyre not going to change, and if you forgive them, they will probably do this shit over and over again.
that in itself screams that you are less than enthusiastic about doing anything.
don't dish it if you can't take it.
i agree with your decision of not talking to him until he apologises.
have you talked to your husband about all this?
it is typically associated with physical growth delays, , and mild to moderate intellectual disability.
wow, that sounds like some house.
i wouldn’t outright write them off, and maybe exhibit caution in your interactions for a while, but still take some time to talk to them.
regardless of life or death this dude was an abuser and just because he died does not automatically make that okay.
it almost sounds like your husband is trying to show off.
as for your plan of action i'm going with .
, your boyfriend should work on his trust-issues.
that being said, is the person even functional enough to consent to a relationship?
sounds like your mother never was able to completely rid herself of the toxic influence of *her* mother and has a warped view of what people should put up with for the sake of family.
the silent treatment is passive-aggressive douchebaggery.
he seems to have a pattern of going against your decisions.
what's really concerning is what you describe about feeling like you're always running interference to keep him in a good mood.
because it's a trigger for you and you are needing distance from trauma i don't disagree with your concerns.
nothing would excuse either of their actions and you shouldn't have to justify your decision regarding them to anyone.
i do similar things such as holding the item on my lap etc.
coming from a mum, i would never expect anyone to phone in sick to watch my children so i could go to work.
there is tension now, but this will most likely not always be the case.
it’s her fault that she smells like that and if she’s going to be on public transport with people who actually know about personal hygiene she should expect some flak.
cuz right meow, it may not be right, but he has financial control over your life which makes it much easier to treat you poorly.
you can't be an asshole for something you unwittingly do.
your coworker is a dick and i suggest you yawn back louder at him and when he asks what you’re doing, just tell him that yawning is contagious
you were right to call him on it.
you're still the one in pain and the one risking their life.
you also do not want a partner who holds you hostage emotionally - no matter how nice her family is to you.
e.g she's annoying but not that annoying, oh thank god someone did it, damn horrfek as an asshole.
if it’s not what’s best for you and what makes you happy, you don’t have to worry about they want.
if he dint want to be there he could've walked home alone instead of ruining your night.
when someone gives you that cousin line, your response is definitely going to alienate people because its kind of argumentative.
not letting them take it to school will tell you right quick if the laptop is the problem.
hopefully your actions helped your bully as well.
this issue enrages me because i cannot believe that in 2018, almost 2019, that there are still people in the world this freaking stupid!!!!!!!
- he knows that it’s an issue and is refusing to address it.
i will say though, i really was depressed.
i think a better solution would be for you to move out.
he decided he was going to open the store because he's bored.
we have her dog bed and our couch lined with wee wee pads.
you have plenty of time when you're ready to settle down to plan couples trips where you aren't having to eat off dollar menus abroad because they insisted on coming despite not being able to afford it.
your mum was clearly fishing for compliments, what she wanted was for you to either disagree with her in the moment and reassure her that it wouldn’t be difficult to do the same for her and when you didn’t do that she hoped that you were going to surprise her with it anyway.
you don't want him in it.
but i understand why she isn't coming either.
in the long run you will be thought of with respect for doing more than your job description and hopefully will be promoted.
was it a surprise shower and that’s why you didn’t call?
just swallow the extra few minutes if it means keeping a good client you messed up with.
this isn't an official judgment, but 50/50.
to be an asshole you'd have to have done it with malice.
it is not fair or right for her to do so.
comparing you growing up to herself growing up isn’t reasonable...
it took her a couple years to get used to my husband needing his space every once and a while when we went to visit.
currently, but you are the asshole if you don't tell him how you feel.
it is perfectly okay for a husband to be the primary caregiver (or go to school) while the wife works.
so clearly she was just interested in harrassing you.) i'm sorry you were subjected to that.
is he at least recognizing your concerns, unsolicited?
, but maybe try spending at least a day or two with them?
your mom cant force you to become friends with somebody you dont like
he sounds irresponsible and if he refused to listen to you telling him that you would not take him to class anymore...
your not the ass for being upset about this whole thing and not wanting him there.
if it was given to you in the written will then it's yours.
they need to sort their issues themselves and keep you out of it.
if i said no to taking care of a sick so, i'd want them to be a little upset tbh lol
but as someone who works in customer service, i'd interpret that comment as a passive-aggressive request for a refund, even if you just meant to make conversation or compliment the food.
what is her plan if you do get her pregnant?
it's not just going to be her problem - it will be yours too.
i’d like to go back sometime, but i should not have gone when i did.
and even if "he brought you in this life" (woah, what an argument), he never manifests himself as a father figure.
good job thinking about your future rather than a trip that will set you back.
that is not even a blip on the asshole radar.
idk why people have it in their heads that ‘open until 5 means i just need one foot in the door by then’ when it actually means you need to get out by then.
is she your wife or your mother?
- go talk to your friends man
make him his own switch profile.
i don't think you realize what you're actually asking her to do.
if you set and enforce that rule you better keep it clean yourself, and not expect anyone else to do your cleaning/laundry etc.
you shouldn't solely be responsible for bolstering her self-esteem.
i don't expect all guys to get excited over table linens- hell, i can't get excited about them...
what you owe this place, you've already payed, and then some.
that is what you both need to work on, not the past and who did what, but how you move forward with rebuilding trust.
at the end of the day you are not your friends counselor.
he also lives there and makes a mess when he is there so he should, at the very minimum, clean up after himself.
, i’m an admin assistant and while i’m very rarely asked to run such tasks, if i were in the girls shoes, i would be disappointed but not upset.
sounds like it's time to cut ties.
it's a picture on some paper, he was probably just excited and didn't think it through.
in the mean time, i think you made the only decision you could.
if you don’t want to be in that relationship, you’re in no way obligated to.
but one thing i'll say is "cbd oil" is not a marketing scheme.
it’s within your right to do what you need to in order to maintain a healthy household environment.
he decided steal from you and not pay you back when it was obvious he had money.
maybe this will encourage him to get professional help.
like 6 months is a long time, i dunno why you or he should care, not like he has cornered her off and sealed her up with tape when he's not around.
whole thing sounds like a mess tbh.
shoulda told the guy to duck your dogs dick.
for the sake of your mental health, good riddance.
frame it like, on your solo trip, you’ll be able to familiarize yourself with the area so upon returning it would be easier to help her navigate.
he was somehow allowed to amass a stash of knives.
my mother used to correct our table manners all the time.
call me an asshole but i don't regret it.
as someone who used to work in fast food and had to deal with this nearly every single day: .
i did tell him that it was disrespectful to address me by my first name but i didnt freak on him.
, she is trying to manipulate you into something you’re not in a position to have right now.
people don’t have to have a reason for declining something.
maybe she's the kind of person who can't get excited for things so far off?
there's girls everywhere man, don't trust this one is my advice from what you said.
if they don't like the conditions of your parent's house, they can go find a patch of grass and a tent to live in for $100 a month.
just love everyone and treat everyone with respect, regardless of their differences.
you let him use the utensils until you get him a set for his fish stuff.
you have your own life to live and if you feel this way about her, she’s never earned anything from you.
sounds like it wasn’t a very good place for him to be, regardless.
as long as you don't act on your feelings any further and hold it against them.
as long as none of the jokes are aimed at her it shouldn’t be a big deal.
run, don't walk, away from this person.
() you can’t sit with us!!!
i babysat my granddaughter for three years.
but get the fuck away from that nutty bitch before she ruins your life.
pain management isn't meant to take away all pain, only to manage it and take the edge off.
do it anonymously, do whatever, but please tell her.
i think you should try to encourage her a bit more to go see a professional, or maybe even try going together at first.
don't let them guilt trip you.
while that joke wasn't universally offensive i can see how it hurt the maid, who you implied was a friendship whore.
after a month anyone would be going crazy with 4 adults in a one-bedroom apartment.
this is a really difficult situation.
you are not on the clock.
i'm guessing there is more to that than this story?
he stole from you and illegally evicted you.
this is a hard situation because you want to be supportive and validate their hope, but wasting money on snake oil isn't the way to do it.
- good fences make good neighbors.
“your brother was sad” translates to “i had this moment planned out in my head and you ruined it so now i’m projection my own sadness onto someone else to make you feel bad.” i don’t buy it for a second.
- you guys need to discuss your communication styles.
none of this is your fault, dont let her make you feel that way
now that i'm healthy again nobody comments on my looks or says that i'm beautiful.
definitely , those who are your family should be respected and valued more than strangers around you.
enjoy the time you have left with your dad.
are you sure the reason she wants to move back home is the money?
, assuming you all agreed that you would not be paying for any of the trip beforehand.
otherwise, whatever happens in the future is your fault for allowing this entitled attitude to continue.
while you haven’t always handled it great (by your own admission), i’m going to bet almost no one would.
you'd be a bit of an asshole if you lied to him and did it anyway, that's the easy way out.
you say that you’ve been acting far more childish than you ever did as a child but what if you are not actually acting childish?
they won’t call you stupid or dramatic, they’ll help you process your fears and regain some control over how you deal with the stuff that leaves you most anxious.
but you are coming off as whiny.
make your amends etc etc so that this won’t come biting you in the ass in the future
you have higher self-esteem and are annoyed.
my partner telling me clearly that its gross and there will be no kissing made me change my shit real quick.
she wasn’t allowed to pick up dogs toys.
accusing people of lying would just blow up drama.
as a friend, you are expected to give free advice when that advice costs you nothing but a little time and helps him avoid mistakes and costs.
they didn't even get into any real trouble, and it presumably stopped your car from continuing to be vandalized.
i am in the same boat and if they don't make an effort it shouldn't bring you down.
never okay to open a credit card in someone else’s name.
> we have not had the best relationship in the past just cut your losses here and move on.
or was she just homesick and miss a pet?
you have as much say in what should be inside the house as her, and i think you have every right to be annoyed.
, my mom was a drunk too.
what does the weather have to do with anything?
if you’re scared for your well being and your dogs then i’d say this is definitely the move you need to make.
the lingerie thing then going cold is a bit weird and understandably frustrating.
you are rebound guy, not promising.
you don't owe her a cent.
if anything happens, you're the one who is liable for it.
it's ok to have a limit.
consider a support system like al-anon (or similar purpose group).
a couple of the guys there knew that the rapist (who was from another town, so we did not know him) had done it before.
yes, could have been handled better, but you didn't insult her with a bad word instead you compared her as a warning of her behaviour.
at least there is no animosity between you two.
but do yourself a favour and program all the birthdays into your phone.
, never stop to help anyone tbh, there’s too many stories of murders and kidnappings happening people just can’t really be trusted, it’s harsh to say but i just think the most you can do is call 911 to get help to those people that way you are helping but aren’t risking your safety
she's got issues that a long distance relationship is not compatible with.
you need to say something, cuz being abandoned on the holidays is fucking rough.
a text like that is only warranted if she was always doing the dishes.
do not let husband know you are lawyering up.
you are not the asshole for being quiet and reserved or for giving one word answers.
yeah, if i were called neko, i would be disappointed in my parents.
you guys just broke up and you guys clearly still have feelings for each other.
that's kind of outside this discussion though.
he literally couldn't understand we were all affected by his actions so since i'm usually the fixer, i took on the task of trying to talk things out with him.
i'm sure she has things she'd rather do without you getting in the way too.
don't be alone with that man again.
, if your name is on the lease and you're making a sizeable contribution to the bills, it isn't your mom's house as she seems to be claiming, it's also your house and you're entitled to know things like this.
you tried it and didn't like the result.
also, i think bringing it up after the fact would just imply you think she can't handle being in the same room as people with other opinions, which is kinda rude, so i wouldn't do that.
, he spent almost a third of your relationship being an asshole and pushing his problems onto you, its normal to grieve, but hes just evading by using drugs and pushing you aside because he feels that his problems are more important than you.
if you’re having problems, look into talking to a professional.
so your "best friend" (why does she still have this title) almost fucked your boyfriend and your ex and is clearly trying to make moves on him again, and she's saying you're hurting her feelings???
if my husband quit his job without talking to me first i would be beyond livid, and we're not broke with a baby.
you owe him nothing, he is effectively a stranger to you.
, he asked, you answered, he failed to listen, he lost.
it's not about whether he "approves" of vibrators (which is a whole 'nother can of worms), it's about the fact that your mother threw out your property and then tried to shame you for having the audacity to own it.
she tried to emotionally manipulate you and you backed away when it threatened to affect your mental health.
if you really are committed and love her and wanted a family, the excitement will come.
so i blocked all of my family on social media back in high school.
they could find a different ride or even offer to pay you to take them.
if you value the relationship though you'll be straight up with them about why you won't refer them again after what happened last time.
in her case, she was actually trying to isolate me from my friends and family.
- honestly it doesn't sound like he's responsible enough for any custody if he can't even watch the child nor give you 48 hours notice of his work schedule.
nope , it's frustrating trying to communicate like that.
he was looking to pick a fight and you gave him one, but you should really be smarter about this shit and learn to pick your battles.
hold firm to this boundary and continue to politely insist that she do her basic function of communicating proper scheduling with you.
sure, ranch isn’t the healthiest thing in the world, but it doesn’t undo the value of the nutrients and fiber in the veggies.
i'm not necessarily saying your mother is the asshole since it seems this is mostly due to her mental issues.
hopefully your girlfriend knows she shouldn’t be alone with this guy again for her own safety.
upside, this situation is temporary and you’ll have both friends back to ‘normal’ soon.
nobody else was affected and you still got a good grade.
your work space is being disrupted by something that is preventable and non work related.
you admitted your mistake and he created a bigger issue and time suck for all involved than it ever needed to be.
so i either park or set my handbrake when they do it.
if someone respects my time, they'll text or call to let me know they're going to be late.
/, because it was not a family party, it was a party for his friends.
i would try to distance yourself from her as much as you can so she doesn’t keep draining money from you.
it sounds to me as if she is being too picky.
that has to feel good to her.
but the modern view is splitting costs.
you owed this person nothing and your loyalty to your dad is far more important than the desires of a person that did a lot of harm to your family.
other than that mistake, i stand by everything else i said.
i think she's being unreasonable and comes off as a little bit spoilt, to be honest.
you guys will have to reach some sort of compromise or break up, but no one is really in the wrong here.
if he's worth it, he'll grow up and step up.
plus it sounds like all this as minor stuff he gets upset about.
get her some chicken soup, or run down to the store and get her some scotch that is labeled " " in black type on a white label and make a toddy from that.
your family is not entitled to use it whenever they want.
i'd never do that, front row be damned.
i don't have aspergers, however i do have an aversion to big crowds.
sta for being passive aggressive instead of talking about her feelings when it happened.
he's not your family and he was a bad person.
you said he has a sexual bucket list?
the fact that you can't immediately recognize that makes me sad as hell.
- chairs are (i'm assuming) first come, first served.
i’d try talking with him and seeing how things could change.
> but the catch is, about 2.5 years ago she was diagnosed with schizophrenia.
well, might've been tough while rolling and at a festival.
i understand why you have a guilty conscience about it but at the end of the day the gift is going to someone who wants it and its going to get some good use.
a lot of them specifically don't look for a new baby dady but companionship but it's harder for them because they have less time.
it may be worth a trip to r/personalfinance to learn to protect yourself.
if he gets them and you’re no longer attracted to him, then the relationship ends.
i’m gonna go with  (no assholes) anyone would be pissed off to find over $500 in charges that they don’t know anything about.
and i’d have told him no.
you're not some kind of meat wallet at his disposal.
she's an asshole for still doing it.
then further manipulating by shaming you to friends and peers and sounds like you were shoved against a wall?
, it may be hard to hear this but she doesn’t care about you, she should understand your problems, i would recommend cutting that toxic relationship
it's a little strange, but i'd say  you just experienced schadenfreude
if you want to chill and watch wrestling, that's your prerogative.
i, too, would prefer to keep some influences out of my kid's life.
they will need to amend the lease.
if he knows you go to bed at 9:15 then he should’ve asked sooner
if they're not profitable it's their fault, not yours.
anyway, seems like by her own admission her behaviour is a sign that she thinks the relationship will end poorly, so....
he’s asking for your help because he looks up to you and loves you.
i wouldn't want it in my room either.
family should be held to a higher standard than friends.
say something along the lines of "look, i've already told you that *isn't* how you pronounce my name.
you have already given her more than enough space for her clothes and needs to sort through her clothes.
if you refuse to babysit will that result in your sister being angry enough to not let you see her kid.
20 % is going tip rate in my area.
you've moved on and you have your own family now, you don't need the negativity back in your life.
you don't even know this person and now you're expected to spend time with them too?
it's not exactly the truth, but it works well for us.
when discussing ideologies like that in a literature class, you need to make it very clear what *you* believe.
but to just brush it off is very callous imo.
the cats aren’t compatible and it just didn’t work out.
this is a sucky situation-- especially regarding holidays.
particularly such very basic concepts that even edgy internet atheists have moved on from...
really feel bad for his wife, he's the one at fault for that.
when she mentioned buying 2 more tickets so your friend and her fiance could go, you should have laughed at her.
your whole family sounds messed up, but no, you're  for defending your pets.
your boyfriend's friends sound like entitled assholes.
their choices don't reflect on you.
>i politely told my friend that assuming everyone is straight can be harmful.
i think its ok to lay low and not tell her you're in town if you're worried about falling into bad habits again.
i am about the same age as your son and my mother had a similar upbringing - moved out and completely on her own by 18.
i would have probably snapped at them and told them they're disrupting my work cause ita.
if you really want to spend time with your family, try but they don’t seem ready to reason
what are the chances she’s having a mid-life crisis?
so just be aware that she might be upset, but it’s really her fault.
you also know that if someone touches you in ways you don't consent to, you tell them to stop clearly.
if you are paying rent, i recommend telling them to fuck off on rent, due to their neglect of your belingings (gpu's are expensive), and move out to pay rent elsewhere.
doesn't matter if you're busy or not.
what is happening is that your company is deciding to cut your party budget and deciding to make a donation.
, as far as i'm concerned that was a perfect message.
their personality changes, their desires and motivations change, and they use the people who love them to get what they want.
it needs to be specific and achievable.
i commend your parents for trying to work together civilly, it they shouldn’t be involving you as a go between.
just because your girlfriend now became your boyfriend doesn't make you gay.
you should ask your wife's permission to fist fight him and then have a beer afterwards
sounds like she has severe mental health issues and addiction issues, which sadly means she can't truly control her actions.
once that ring is disassembled and given to her, it's gone from you forever.
seriously, no means no, and you have every right to your bodily autonomy.
the seller could have a valid reason- illness, car trouble, poor time management- which can be mitigated by good communication.
i find that comedy can be a really good outlet in these kinda moments.
sit there until the idiot who doesn't know how to drive is gone.
it’s hard to grieve for a dead friendship, especially one that was significant.
whatever their motivations are for collecting, their execution was tacky.
she wants you for the “boyfriend” stuff but won’t commit.
either way, you will be doing the right thing.
, you could have, doesn't mean you need to.
you gave your friend multiple attempts and methods to help you find him.
give the little one a chance.
it’s hard but it’s the best thing to do
while he may be in a desperate situation, he still has no right to behave in that manner, especially to someone who was ready to help him out.
what i've done in similar situations is either buy those little foam earphones or listen to music through earbuds to get to sleep.
>when i was 15 or 16 he knew my actual age then and asked to see my boobs.
, bad day or not he’s risking other people’s lives when he acts that way, and when i read he already had other complaints that says enough for me.
the woman who 'freaked out' over a parent changing his child, and the store that failed to realize that fathers sometimes need to change a child *are* assholes.
, but if i've learned anything from reddit it's that you can expect to be called controlling and insecure by people who'll belittle you for having your own boundaries.
if he was that attached to it it wouldn’t be “8 years ago.” some assumptions with age, but if you’re around the same age and getting married then he isn’t exactly retirement age.
i would consider setting up a loose budget with him so that you can communicate how you each think your shared money should be spent if this is a long-term relationship where you're co-dependent, but that's your business.
i found her bringing up your suicide attempt as a way to gain leverage really disrespectful.
in no way is this comparable to going grocery shopping for someone several times.
in any case, it sounds like you're off to university soon anyway where you can meet new people and perhaps find someone with whom your feelings will be mutual.
you don't have to feel guilty about it.
that’s just disrespectful at this point.
mmmm this is tough, but i’m going to go with  purely because you picked the poop up.
the only way i could see him stopping is embarrassing him at this point.
if you have the means for short term i’d probably bring the cat home, put up flyers and local social media posts, only because it looked neglected (fat and matter), many stray animals can become fat btw, but the matted thing means either it’s a stray or neglected.
also: > he kept gifts he’d given me for himself, including the truck he’d given me for my 16th birthday.
full disclosure, i only read up to 'autism'...
but if you flew off the handle without investigating further, that would make you the asshole if you were wrong.
if you died tomorrow, they wouldn't go out of business.
he should probably go to the doctor.
i know its hard but it really doesnt look like she's gonna change her mind and chasing her up on this is just gonna add fuel to the fire.
now, at 42 almost 43, the only time i have been without it is for the 8 weeks or so at basic training when it had to be gone and the time for it to grow back in tech school.
a half hour drive is not bad and i can't tell why you should want to have this huge fit over it.
your cousin is a huge asshole and amy has issues.
if you feel bad, get her a starbucks gift card.
i think this would be a deal breaker for me.
don’t cave into that utopian bullshit.
did you guys have a confidentiality agreement or privacy policy in place?
it's not wrong to want to put a name to it either.
- you say explicitly that you respected when she didn't want to have sex and never pressured her.
you tried being a good person, don't let this get you down.
so right now you are  at all.
and i don’t think you understand how a birthday party works.
why would this guy get more say than the rest of the band who actually bother to show up?
sounds like she got herself a free trip by faking a fight to have a reason not to talk to you again/pay you back.
if i had a friend who was treating his wife that way i'd be encouraging him to get some therapy, that kind of stuff just isn't acceptable.
you are right, they are only getting the free phone because you would be paying for the line and your new phone.
but it was someone else that was technically involved, being another resident with hannah.
your roommate should have waited until after the rental agency gave her the response to the request.
he called your position and your work into question, which was not his job to do, and you appropriately handed out an ass chewing.
she is being a huge jerk her about you taking your sexual health seriously as you should!
while you were closer than comfortable to breaching your spouses privacy, this all sounds concerning and you have a right to feel how you feel right now.
if you choose that route, that might mean you start having routine sex.
do not get hired by them, they just want to use you.
but in reflection of your situation i can also see where it would be reassuring to him that it legitimately is just a fun night to catch up with my gal pals.
tell her to get a life.
i consider myself very tolerant -- *actually i just don't give a crap what anyone chooses to do as i honestly don't care, but "tolerant" is a nicer way of defining myself than "apathetic asshole"* -- but i have no idea what the q+ means.
your parents seem controlling, but well meaning and stressed out.
girl you have every right to live your truth and that starts today.
you did the right thing op.
they're getting paid to be on the phone, and you're fighting for everyone that's had to deal with companies like that.
it was probably more expensive than the scarf, too.
suggestions: 1) report the sexual assault and cover up (edit for clarity: to other club authorities, not the taiwanese police.) 2) who is the “club member or host parent” who was going with you?
, if they really were being as aggressive about drinking/pot as you say, that's fully understandable why you'd be annoyed
how is this even a situation where you could be the asshole?
- it sounds like your mom isn’t a very pleasant person to be around.
i had a friend who did this.
i’d say  because that’s exactly how i would react but i might be an asshole
there's no reason she needs to ruin your account here.
because apologies are never obligatory to be accepted.
make sure you tell an administrator, like a teacher, the principal, or someone else in charge.
you are worth something, not from what you do or how you look or what you can produce - but from who you are.
i'd be annoyed and hurt as well.
taking an hour in the bathroom *every* morning seems kind of nuts, especially for a guy.
although it sounds like people are asking because you dont look old enough to legally be working and so they are asking.
for having feelings about someone who takes advantage of you and is financially irresponsible to the point where other living beings pay the price.
you kicked them out because the kid was being disruptive and yelling out racist slurs against other customers.
good for you if you’re in love, but sounds like there’s a few issues you need to sort out.
this is a tough one, but i get where both you and your wife are coming from.
mhmmm  but i would suggest just giving up on him.
it's hurtful, basically being told your friendship or a platonic relationship isn't enough to interest them.
