- even though it sucks, it’s not your space.
> i'm pretty pissed about how the whole weekend went downhill for me well, it's normal to be pissed about it.
don’t expect people to just have 3k laying around.
she's a big girl she can handle herself.
his friend is entirely right, this isn't far off going wild with an armbar using no restraint whatsoever.
just because you develop a relationship with someone doesn't mean they owe you a romantic relationship.
you burnt the bridge before he had the chance.
i mean, sure, don’t stop for the dog for the benefit of the asshole neighbor.
"would i be the asshole if a cyberbullied someone?" .
probably something totally treatable like a uti.
the fact you just declined each others' requests instead of talking like adults over six dollars is silly.
that was rude as fuck and an unnecessary reaction.
a healthy relationship requires good communication.
-- i say this as someone who loved my campus ministry, but you gotta back off.
- unless you just don’t care about this dude in which case  for wasting his time.
so you can only trust people if they report their personal lives to you?
he asked you to do a thing with a tight deadline for a specific reason.
i'd probably think you were cheating too.
jesus, are you a hostage negotiator?
(i assume they didn’t like you for the rest of hs, right?
basically just to let each other know we’re not dead.
with them as when you lived near them, but they probably weren't expecting you to ghost them as well.
multiple sucky behaviour on your friends parts but you know you’re alcohol intolerant and choose to participate in a drinking game anyway - your drunken a-hole behaviour was on you and your refusal to take responsibility by blaming bob for rigging the game doesn’t exactly help your case.
am i the only one here who thinks this is a shitpost?
either that or your wife has a significant mental illness.
talking in a theater is annoying and wrong, but you acted like a crazy person.
- the only issue is if there is some hidden damage when madison leaves you would end up being responsible for it.
you don't need to go out of your way to be lovely to her, but closing doors in her face is going too far - and only serves to escalate a minor misunderstanding into something which brings misery to you both.
obviously, but also thanks for posting something that's not just for validation.
his gf you probably aren't close with, and his other two friends you admitted to not knowing at all.
"exposing" them in-front of the whole class is always an asshole move.
acknowledging it's their choice but expressing your concerns politely is far more productive.
don't get me wrong, i think it's great that you guys talked it out and are doing better, but what you're doing currently is reminding him of probably one of the worst moments he's ever had, and certainly one of the most emotional.
it does make some sense that you might pay a lesser share of utilities when you're gone - for those you're not using - but this should have been negotiated with your roomates *before* you left.
i wouldn't blame her if she held a grudge against you for quite some time.
your mom deserves to now why you are treating her this way.
you weren’t privy to the details but it doesn’t take a genius to put 2+2 together.
kids are often picky with food, so he's just honest that they might not like it and he doesn't want you to be disappointed.
for not understanding her feelings when it comes to this.
4) if you had a 7 year loan, your interest rate would be higher & a greater percentage would be taken from your check.
it’s entirely possible to pay tips and fight for service industry wage increase simultaneously
it feels like you were almost pulling power move with money for this gift?
overstressed, overworked, tired as fuck, people.
should the ice cream parlor make everyone's ice cream free?
that would have been the time to be straight forward and honest with her.
you say it “devolved” into a fist fight, which is very passive language.
baiting you into finding a child attractive is disgusting.
look, i’ve been there— busted my ass to get something in on time only to have the teacher extend the deadline.
if you're not comfortable with that, you need to break it off with your gf.
it’s also horse shit that you’re “not mad about the keyboard at all”.
people will love you for it.
also go to fucking dominos and get a pizza and a pasta dish for <$15.
[is it like this]( learn how to talk to your daughter.
honestly, i feel like you both have way more issues to sort out than the venue before you get married.
and i'm thinking about the prospect of getting to tell, say, my boyfriend, all about my trip; versus that awkward, forced small talk i often experience when i take lyft.
even if you didn't mean to be.
if you “can’t be arsed” do to your job then you don’t deserve to have it.
all you did was become a bigger asshole.
cause you don't deserve a pets unconditional love.
think about what you're offering a potential partner - you're depressed, not formally divorced, can't do things on the weekends when most people are available, and are just looking for someone to care for you, send you good morning texts and be your emotional support?
this seems like you are quitting on her too early.
you flat out shot him down and now want a favor from him.
you even admit that you don't want to go and are using the possible promotion as an excuse.
my thoughts would either be you're trying to get too close to me by following my friends or you're a dog that is now trying to get close to my friend.
gurl: > short boys just don't do it for me.
but you’re  for feeling jealous, that’s normal and just something you should communicate about.
also, it's possible that your "for fun" project isn't very fun.
fair enough, the dress didnt fit, but the bride offered to buy a new one!
you very clearly haven't learned a thing if you're still trying to contact your victims.
and yes, they take offense at that.
you need to make "you time" happen, though.
not one moment of this situation was handled correctly.
he's literally homeless--how can any rational person think that's a good time to make presents a competition?
because it certainly isn’t hers if you know she’s been hurting so much.
he sucks for suffering through it for 2 hours to make a rude comment *afterwards* instead of just telling you early on.
thank fuck who we are at 12 isn't who we are as adults.
all you had to do was politely finish the date and say it was nice meeting you - if she texted later you could have just said i'm not feeling it but thanks for a nice afternoon.
getting pissed at a disabled person for being excited is pretty shitty, especially when *you* could have prevented the whole thing.
you may be a justified asshole, but an asshole nonetheless.
by hooking up with him, you sent him a message that there’s something there.
he's "copying" you in ways that are healthy for him, who is he harming?
he is implying in his post he is doing weed illegally and not safely, but i will acknowledge i could be taking too much from it.
i'd assume you're between 14 - 17, because in that range you can use reddit but still don't know how to actually address an issue in a mature way.
me and boyfriend lay in bed on our phones all the time cause its nice to just relax in bed on the internet.
i disagree with the other poster.
i told her i wasn’t having a bad time and i was here for her.
that spot is *literally marked* as *reserved for him*.
by law you have to finish out your lease.
she likely will have a very hard time moving on and learning to trust again.
you do realize that no bullies see themselves as the aggressor, but as the victim, even while bullying?
i’m from nj, and everyone on the turnpike or roads in general drive above the speed limit collectively.
you have no homework to work on, so why not bring something from home to do?
doesn’t have to be awkward, just has to happen.
your wife should have been more clear about what “watching” your mil actually meant.
they're used to wanting to protect her and are just used to her behaviour.
you can tell him people think he looks funny but also you should support him looking the way he wants, or trying new things if he wants to.
for pouring it on the floor.
the trust levels the playing field.
do him a favor and leave him, you don't deserve him, imagine what would happen if he got sick in the future or something.
most of your stuff was saved dude.
her boss has decided to allow this so get your nose outta her business and fuck off.
just because you're not technically breaking any rules doesn't mean you're not doing anything wrong.
i'm sure that wasn't your last tenner.
i'm the same way, i like to answer asap to texts, and usually, don't like when i get a response 30 minutes later.
most people i know don't have the time/money/luxury of bathing more than once a day.
- it makes perfect sense that he'd want some imperial guard to go with his space marines, it doesn't take away from your army at all, it's his money, there's nothing wrong with mirror matches, you can compare strategies, he's already bringing something else to the table (space marines), i could go on...
marry whoever you want for whatever reason you want, but don’t bring children into this world for status or whatever you’re thinking.
bottom line is it’s her money, she can do with it what she wants
i could understand getting upset if she had left the jacket in there after the cycle was finished for a few hours, but you literally stopped it mid-cycle and even admitted it was only "relatively dry"
you can't force someone to give you something else for collateral instead of cash.
>now, d has proposed to me and i am ecstatic.
who would trust someone that consistently lies about what they consider to be "small" things?
her boyfriend is a danger to himself and others, and needs counseling.
you broke up with her and are now expecting her to get back with you on your terms.
as a final thought: how the hell does your 14-year old sister know where your hentai stash is?
driving under the speed limit in the left lane is absolutely unforgiveable and you are a wretched person despised by all of humanity.
this car was left to him by his dad.
>we aren’t sexually active as she is uncomfortable with it.
you’re not the asshole if you love him in spite of his bigoted views.
so basically student loans are an unfair cruel system, and people trapped in them deserve compassion.
hopefully, she didn’t need some older sibling advice and she is ok.
if i was in this situation, i would probably have expressed a lot more anger than your gf did, because when you took the initiative to lay down in bed with them, you definitely didn't ask their consent, and it is a really scary thing when a man takes action to be physical (even "platonically") without consent.
of course she is pissed, you ghosted her for months.
the initial agreement was obviously not thought through very well be either of you.
and even then it’s not your place to tell him
maybe not important for you, but that's your own choice to make.
>now they are married with kids (some not by choice) what does this mean?
maybe if you had treated her like a person, and hadn't totally shut her down when she mentioned she bled through her underwear she might feel less uncomfortable with the thought of having sex.
- you're whole tone says "what about me" and i don't see any kind of concern for your wife's well being at all.
you're kind of coming off as a r/niceguys right now.
\- you flat out refusing to participate in any further meetings to try to resolve things is petty \- the email that went out is annoying but not really unexpected.
get a hold of yourself man, you shouldn’t of yelled in his face or called him names.
think of it as a bot
it's scary, but they know and accept you for who you are.
are you saying your room itself is exposed to the living room?
just like you can choose to not change your plans to go see them, they can choose to not change their plans, even if their plans are just to sit in front of the tv in their pajamas with a cream soda and a bag of cheetos.
and you then lied that she was pregnant?
: if you want to let your dogs bark and not bother anyone, go find a cabin in the woods.
as a service worker, nothing sounds more entitled than leaving out a please.
that being said, you can have asshole reasons for not wanting to.
apologies are not band aids, and no one owes you jack in return for one.
house meeting like grown-ups needs to happen immediately for the sake of everyone, including the child.
that might teach you a lesson.
in my experience men are just not good typists.
it sounds like you had a plan for your dinner together and you pivoted without telling him.
someone usually needs to step up to get things back on course.
you weren't yelling or crying while you said it?
on two counts: you wasted the people's time who you sent.
you shouldn't have lashed out, despite your current situation being stressful and she shouldn't be making passive-aggressive comments just because she doesn't know how to help/deal with her own feelings.
you're just being an asshole to her.
come on dude, you're going to get caught and likely charged with breaking and entering since you cut the cord.
oh and let me guess, you didn’t finish her?
why were you restraining a child?!
if you just cut off contact and didn't actually explain your decisions and end the relationship.
her note may have been 'harsh', but she is right - stealing food is disrespectful, replacing the food with money doesn't make the theft right, and you are partly responsible for what your guests do in the house, because it's you who brought them in.
there’s nothing wrong with not wanting to celebrate your birthday.
a few things: you threw the party and invited 6/12 people.
they get together in a week?
if you need a few minutes to ask her out just tell your friend, "i want to ask girl out next time she gets a ride home so your benched until i have a private convo with her"
if you really cared about her grades you could easily say we will send you to private school as long as you maintain x gpa and we’re willing to get tutors to help you accomplish that.
you can still work out at home.
i don't know the dynamics and you obviously do, but i am getting the vibe that bff might have some non-platonic feelings for you or you might bitch about gf a lot and it's getting to be a drag to listen to you bitch about gf.
whilst i don't agree with shirking responsibilities for all you know she could have been reading it in a 5 min lull.
kids are expensive and a lifelong commitment.
if you wanted to kill time by going to the movies, watch the movie.
unless the harassment you're facing has gone past simple teasing and is affecting you and he hasn't stopped even after you've asked him to, .
by all means, turn her down now if you aren't attracted to her, but do it properly, don't ghost her and don't act as if rejecting her is some major win for you.
this sounds like a lease that has gone horribly wrong.
so either go see it with her (worth the money, imho), or don't and watch it a few days after.
which it sounds like you were.
, you already know you are because you're aware that he gets flustered.
what are your "attempts to solve" these issues?
judging by your attitude, you’re not a pleasant person to be around.
keeping it, however, is a disloyal and rude thing to do.
that's not funny, it's very rude and distasteful and you're taking advantage of his lack of knowledge for a cheap laugh.
why do you feel as though you are you entitled to the money?
if she chooses not to shave, that's her decision.
why wont she change for me?" if its not clear why you are the asshole yet, idk.
children are excellent at cruelty, and they generally don't have the same knowledge adults do of when they've crossed a line that they shouldn't have.
she’s still young— she possibly wouldn’t understand.
and > they know they don't have what it takes to make a woman feel feminine so they take it out on us.
as long as she keeps herself clean it shouldn't be a problem in my opinion.
maybe he was strict with you because he knew you'd do something like this.
- a well-meaning one, but it’s not your job to out someone (and you’ve known her much longer which is likely why she felt comfortable telling you).
is it enough for *her?* she's young and is standing at a crossroads in her career that may reshape her whole life.
as someone who breastfed two babies, i can see where she’s coming from.
if you know someone's personal pain points, it is the height of assholery to use them against that person for the sake of a petty argument (or any fight really).
if he was worth it in his industry, he would've gotten headhunted or offers more easily and sooner.
you didn’t say it when it happened.
let's not pretend that you would be telling her how you feel for any reason other than your hope that she'd dump her current boyfriend and come running for you.
what else would you expect your manager to do?
&#x200b; >aita for feeling that my gf blowed this out of proportion and letting this affect my friendship with annie?
jesus if someone doesn't want kids you can't make them.
also all the other side peopke are saying about recovering from pregnancy and delivery.
i know for a fact starbucks baristas hate that.
they're acting like dorks but you definitely come off as a dick in the story
the decision to go or not to go would have been more of a  situation if your attitude was different.
you need to sit down and talk about the issue when she's clothed and you're not trying to get laid.
you don't even know when your appointment is yet.
sometimes i'll keep toward the middle if i'm in an area where wildlife frequently dart out into the road, as it provides more reaction time to break or whatever.
i have to assume you're going to pay for his regular manicures, right?
this sounds like an "i wanted him to be psychic" complaint.
you did this out of jealousy and it wasn’t your place to muddy the waters there.
a friend would back them up, hype them to hell, and in the event they’re rejected, tell them it’s all good.
you didn’t run it by him.
and i’m surprised you haven’t gotten jumped already tbh.
penalties for the terms "pitch in", "generally" and "on the weekends".
she doesn't need "justifications" for hanging out with whoever she wants.
communicate clearly that you are wanting some sex.
- you lied about the reason you were breaking up with him.
only then, assuming you want to avoid the "asshole" label, should you cut off all contact.
what happens if/when you or your friend get serious about one of these girls - and they friggin hate you because the see you as an asshole for "hitting on them" when they were with your friend?
, people don't do their landscaping so you can walk all over it.
you both suck for being petty and juvenile.
you took so long in the bathroom they probably got too involved in kissing and forgot you were there.
i was ready to leave it at that until i read the email you sent your teacher.
just because y'all have made it into a joke doesn't mean that everyone has and there's always the chance that someone will hear it and call you out on it being racist.
so yes you were an asshole by saying that specific thing but a justified one in this case.
: you basically tried to solicit her into going on a date like a f'n prostitute....are you kidding me?
after reading her post , stop moving the trash bag around 🙄 although you’re both immature af
normally i would say nobody sucks and you just need to talk to your partner about your issues.
they’re annoying for not being upfront and saying nvm.
you seemed to be waiting to release whatever info you had on him.
you knew the charger only worked with certain devices and chose not to clarify which device he had.
it’s true in *bojack horseman* and it’s true in life.
he's your son, and i'm sorry none of the other parents in your life told you this, but the moment your son entered this world your needs and wants plummeted to a far second to his.
every doctor i know has their kids vaccinated.
you should strive to be as kind and as inclusive as possible, especially on a silly holiday that happens to have people already feeling left out.
try building people up instead of putting them down.
if you legitimately could not handle that discussion at that time, that’s okay, but you need to communicate that without acting like a child.
you broke the rules of reddit, and that is unforgivable.
>i told her the moment i would apologize to a fat and ugly bitch like herself is the moment i get the rope and end it.
to be honest pregnancy is quite a risky subject to joke about and given how unpleasant (and potentially risky, even in this day and age) it can be for women i don't think having a c section is particularly pampering oneself and doesn't need to be ridiculed.
the last thing this random uber driver probably wanted to hear was some random fare making a comment about his child - regardless of if it was positive or not.
you can be amazing at fort nite and never make a dime, but if you are a decent brother you’ll have a good relationship for life
it would be one thing if there was something else you wanted to do, but it honestly just sounds like you don’t want to do anything.
those aren't yours to throw away, end of story.
some other options: - plan to be out of the house when he’s there - talk to your roommate and agree to ban this guy from the house - put the quilt away and remove any other potential sources of conflict while he’s there; agree with your roommate that messes caused by her friends are her responsibility to clean up
>i feel like he has no place telling me where i can and cannot stay overnight you're right.
if you don't want to meet him, don't.
i'm assuming all the texting, driving, and jacket-wearing is something she did before he asked her out.
i don't want to dump on you when you are clearly struggling with all this.
he was 12 years old, forgive him.
there are stories of men who are married for years before realising it.
, the girl's a bitch, the guys are dicks, and you're an asshole for making this post here so we had to look at it with our eyes.
have some self respect man, you're obviously more hurt by the breakup than you're letting on.
yes  &#x200b; it is rude to impose your music tastes on others in a public setting.
if you move, you can take the tv, but you need to buy them a replacement.
i don’t know the history but that’s an asshole thing to do.
you yelled at her for some other dude who knew her name??
for the motivation behind your donation.
seems like you're just trying to stir up controversy.
i’m 19 f, second year as well.
but you couldn't wait less than 24 hours?
honestly, it's how you ended it that will determine my final verdict.
being mean is not only yelling and name-calling.
she shouldn't be so anxious and over bearing about you either.
it is understandable to be hurt and want some distance.
falling head over heels for a woman in the first hour of a party, to the point where you're worried about his psychological well-being when he finds out she's "only" flirting, sounds like brad's problem, not liz's.
the fact that you left a group activity to go do something else was what pushed you over the edge.
another question - who's paying for college?
, but only a little bit.
imagine them denying you simply because "eh idk what you'll use the money for".
perhaps he just wanted an hour or two before bed for himself.
also, i understand everyone else has given you ideas of games to play and in that regard i have no additional advice, what i will say is it won’t kill you to sometimes play those types of games with him.
so, you lie to impress a girl, deliberately don’t mention your girlfriend who significantly helped you with the topics you discussed with this girl, and then, when your girlfriend confronts you, you deny any wrongdoing, call her stupid and a bitch, and then tell her that you’re just using her and will leave her.
infertility is more than just "i can't have biological kids." for you to say that people's struggles and despair about it is something they should "get a grip on" is just cruel.
you didn’t earn that respect or admiration.
your brother isn't helping where he should be, and you're sitting on reddit posting about your boyfriend, and thus not helping your mum either.
to be blunt, if blabbing and gossiping about your friend's sexual orientation was the first thing you did after you found out, they were probably *right* not to tell you.
, if you ask people for honesty and then act childish when they are honest, all youre going to accomplish is make them not want to be honest in the future.
3) your messages make it sounds like you just wanted to hook up.
if your friend asks you for a ride, say yes or no, and do it or don't.
and it becomes clear the issue is her gender identity and has little to do with what i said above, in which case .
i reached for him, gave him a few kisses and said - it’s my birthday - you can’t say no." er that sounds a bit rapey "his response: for fucks sake, it’s 3am." that would be my response too, you couldn't wait until it was morning?
and after so much of that happens, that’s when they may start trying to hide it, and no one pays attention until it’s too late or almost too late.
the reality is that you will find someone if you put the effort into improving yourself daily.
you might just want to take the loss and move on.
he’s a person and deserved the dignity of a discussion.
it’s fine if she locked herself in her room.
eve had to walk about a 15 walk by herself.
>i tried explaining to her that i can’t control how i feel and that it honestly wasn’t my fault for originally just wanting to be a good friend and be there for him when she wasn’t because she “just didn’t feel like hanging out with him.” you can't control how you feel, but you can control your actions.
that's the kind of thing someone else says to you or you say to yourself in the mirror.
you drink, dress however you want, hang out with men, and you get assaulted then you're criticized for not looking out for yourself.
you don’t know her well enough, nor did she ask for your professional opinion.
hire tutors in the interim if you are worried about them being behind when they get to hs.
it's one thing to forget once or twice.
it seems like you got attached to this guy.
super weird of you to do that
"i wasn't invited so i'm gonna screw their party" is an asshole move.
okay, let's recap the "evidence" supporting your theory: 1.
it sucks when people turn up unannounced however it's one of those things you, as an adult, have to deal with.
i could and used to work more but enforcing a work life balance is way more important than the extra money.
the least you could do is recognize that.
unfortunately i'm leaning more toward .
you both sound like immature dicks
my family believes a shit ton of stupid facts and are conservative as hell.
a should’ve taken care of it, but chose to be indifferent.
and he never comprehended what it takes to get the family out the door.
for writing this shp and play fighting with your friend at the restaurant.
if he bought them for himself then
not for what you think, but for posting this crap.
if you are worried about the car, then you should've driven separate or taken their car.
it's on you that it got this far.
you guys put him on the spot to maybe save a few pennies.
obviously facial hair is a sensitive topic for women and your whole "what else could she be lying about" certainly isn't helping.
he isn't obligated to provide for all your children.
you wrote a novel that concluded with >this post is missing a lot of details, some of them are important and relevant to the story you need to talk this out with someone not ask internet idiots, trolls, smartasses with a few words of wisdom tossed in.
but it is also extreme of your girlfriend to ask you to cut people out and to not trust you like that.
"i don't want to," was all the reason she needed, no means no.
you changed yourself for the better, possibly to have better luck with girls like clara.
yes, if you invite paul and not his wife i'd say .
and this isn't a double standard.
i used to be a picky eater myself but it was just a mental block.
but just a teensy, tiny one.
this is definitely something she should be working out with her mom.
and, by giving her a ring you bought for someone else, that's the message you're sending, even if you don't think that's what you're doing.
teasing people using a disadvantage sucks more.
but "i told you so" is rarely, if ever, the right thing to say.
i'm not trying to intrude, but do you suffer from anxiety?
and meanwhile, batman of course gets no say whatsoever in who he gets to date?
considering your atypical attitude, you should tell people upfront that you only want to talk about trivial things which are of interest to you personally and don't care about their lives.
you *do* sound immature--you're insulting someone out of boredom.
not for mentioning your sadness but because you're not happy for your spouse.
you drive a water taxi, homie.
also your friend should have been respectful to keep your secret.
if you think this meal is only about food, you need to have a serious look at your priorities.
for now, it seems like you just needed an excuse to get out.
he shouldn’t have driven drunk, but you didn’t call for the right reasons.
she is going through something so awful right now, but if it was me, i wouldn't call someone who is actively grieving and tell them "oh btw i'm skipping your dad's funeral for a potential job opportunity".
is this going to affect workflow?
she is helping her parents move, spending time with her family, and preparing for exams.
, as lebowski put it, "you’re not wrong, you’re just an asshole".
if you have issues with people in your life, being petty isn't going to solve anything.
be grateful for what he gave you while living and make something of yourself.
he’s an emotional cheater, you ghosted him, it’s even.
if you think the price is too high for photography (i’m pretty sure it’s expensive no matter what, remember they also need to edit and prepare the photos) you can politely tell her that and say you appreciate the offer but are going to look elsewhere.
pointing out everything wrong with a cosplay no one asked your opinion for is obnoxious, and whether or not they responded poorly doesn't make your initial decision correct.
if two friends disappearing from a church meetup for what sounds like less than an hour is enough to send you into a full blown panic attack, the problem is your anxiety, not their behavior.
why tell him "i'm sitting here" if it wasn't an attempt to get him to leave?
i'm not the type of peron who thinks in absolutes.
instead of crying, maybe gf could be a little more aware of the hundreds of other people around her to avoid stuff like that in the future.
just stop worrying about what other people do or don't do and focus on what * do.
reminds me of the arguments my two 10-year-olds have.
how do you justify exposing the public to this?
you have to understand that from the organizer of this tournament’s perspective, he was trying to not be an asshole.
seems like you're helping no one here.
he was being very considerate by asking about your stepfather and taking responsibility and you put an insane amount of guilt on him for six weeks.
why are they claiming to be bisexual, rather than just being bisexual?
she has no reason to suspect you of cheating on her.
also what if your original teacher is actually really sick or hurt?
i honestly wonder how people like you get through life.
which is why your parents are pitching in; to help out so that your sibling can better their future.
why do you keep insulting him when you know he gets destructive/violent?
a better response would have been, "that must suck not to be able to have your mom here to see you in your prom dress." people don't "get over" the death of a parent or loved one on a set time frame.
, it's a string for fucks sake.
it sounds like there's a lot more to this story, and maybe they were justified.
he should be able to create and play the character he wants to play.
maybe next time be a little more considerate of the people who pay for pretty much your entire existence.
just because it’s deaf doesn’t mean you get to steal it from its owners, and you’re an enormous piece of shit for doing that
obviously that sign is there for a reason.
: i think you’re reading into the “hahahaha” a little bit.
i feel like you should have been more respectful to your best friend because that’s fucking harsh
i'm sorry you have trust issues, and i hope you get therapy for this behaviour.
i told her i earned enough for both of us and she should just take it easy.
no one likes to smell someone else's fart, especially when they're trapped in a cabin.
why would you honk in a fast food line just for him to move up and do nothing?
that's what makes you the asshole, or at least seem like one to your family.
if your preference is curvy girls why would you date someone who isn’t and then proceed to insult them and tell them they aren’t physically attractive enough for you?
most people would consider that inappropriate.
you shouldn’t expect someone to pay for something on your property or assume that you know their financial situation.
if he is or if he isn’t is not the problem, it’s the fact that you outed him over a very private situation.
- for the way you responded.
but you're taking it so seriously that you're burning bridges with what appears to be the only friend you have left in your dorm.
, hahahahahaha, this reminds me of when my sister liked one direction and i liked the mountain goats.
but good god what an unwinnable situation
sit down and leave them alone.
do the things the domestic partner does?
hes in the past and should stay there.
it’s why the wait is so long on getting a new heart, or liver, or kidney.
to be clear, i don't think you're an asshole in general because i understand you feel stuck in the middle, but calling him a dick for protecting himself was an asshole move.
you probably didn't mean any harm but be more careful with your words.
people in my neighborhood have done this to me and it's honestly just annoying.
it’s totally up to him if he would prefer to spend money on gigs, but then he shouldn’t come out at all if he doesn’t intend to pay his fair share.
and he didnt really come up with that idea - his brother was there the weekend before.
i mean, you're supposed to be this guy's friend, but apparently getting laid is more important to you.
you intentionally tried to make her upset.
why does this even need to be asked?
the “i’m too embarrassed to repeat their vulgar language!!” and “large dick energy” kinda make me doubt that you’re really some out of touch dad.
it's not okay to snoop through anyone else's phone, it's a violation of their privacy.
if he'd be okay with this arrangement, that would be one thing.
for making this such a big deal.
the odor and spots), instead of the cause.
for you to be upset is ridiculous.
how you wrote this proves that you're proud of that fact.
honestly, why leaving a few hours early would equate to you not being treated like an adult is confusing.
i'm a gamer too but there are things in life that are way more important than a fucking game.
check all your options and see if you can plan something with amy instead.
if they wanted to contact you, they would have texted you after you sent them that email.
sorry, but i've been that friend-zoned girl whose guy friends acted out when i got a bf.
from what you say here he seemed pretty calm while speaking.
if you don’t give a shit .
it might be the grief, or it might be that she's just a habitual overreact-er.
what you need to strengthen his faith is to talk to him about his relationship with god personally, not coerce him into entering a building which does nothing for him spiritually.
never would he shit on me or tell me it's not real.
who knows, you could always ask her.
if you just told her hey don’t love hearing about all this since it makes me a bit jealous i doubt she would care and even take steps to make you not have to even overhear it instead you post that you are “pissed” about something you aren’t even involved in....
you'll get alot more respect in life if you can learn to say: "i respect you too much to lie to you.
more likely than not, you have a form of the herpes simplex virus.
get a second job or look for a full time position.
you messaged him probably trying to get back together and he told you he was with someone so you thought “what the hell, let’s see what damage i can do.” i hope it works and you end up together - you two deserve each other
>edit 2: if someone could explain why it's my responsibility to remind her every day, that would be great.
same way you would/ should use other descriptors, like gay, black, short, etc.
honestly, i see where your priorities are too- and they aren't with her.
i think it’s pretty general that soda is free refill but outside of that to juice, alcohol, coffees, etc.
why are you so convinced that they won't get in if they don't pick a prompt carefully?
just tell the truth, you’re tired and want to sleep.
it’s hard to be affectionate towards someone and have no feelings develop.
i think you also need to go speak with a counsellor about your obsessive behaviour.
people mistreating dogs because it makes them happy is selfish and awful.
expecting other people to act exactly like you do is a huge mistake.
but as i say maybe i just don't understand, not really have been to any weddings or intending to have one myself.
it’s sucky, because you deserve to go to college.
"just joking" worms its way into your subconscious, and it's easy to start slowly believing all the terrible things you joke about.
sounds like they weren’t official or anything so he doesn’t have anything to say.
all that said, you really should have straight up rejected or accepted her instead of stringing her along.
- why is it so important for _you_ that _he_ doesn’t participate in this competiotion?
do you normally introduce yourself to strange men by insulting them?
you clearly have issues with her being a sex worker.
i bet she’s feeling burnt out.
- inviting himself over is kinda an asshole move but how you worded it was a bit rude.
this wouldn’t have happened if they had met each other earlier.
like i know that sounds melodramatic-but really think about how it would feel for a moment if someone told you your friend actually wasn't your friend and was taking pity on you.
not as fast as weights, but there’s muscles in the legs, etc.
and then you continued by literally saying that you don't care that she was hurt by what you said/how you said it.
i can see why wolf's behavior would be irritating after a while, but it's not clearly asshole-ish.
i think splitting the cost is fair.
you all should be mature enough to do dishes no matter how they got there.
you chose an option that humiliated him and alienated him, and it's very sad that you can't see that.
you aren’t pitching this to netflix or nbc?
sorry but,  people can be annoying and rude but if you are nice to everyone it will make everything better for you
if you can’t trust her, then why are you with her?
if the girl's work had caused more work for the rest of you, that would've made sense.
just grow a pair and tell him and wash it.
the biggest fallacy in any relationship is that you can force a change on the other person in the relationship.
whether you like it or not you can’t make someone take your advice.
you swatted a mosquito with a grenade.
you have responsibilities towards your family, you can’t just leave, especially if your children are very young, this is the hardest part of raising children, when they are very young, your partner didn’t sign up to be a single mom for months or years, if she is not ok with it, you would be a huge asshole.
a real friend would have tried to get his buddy good pay.
the dinner thing, since you say you can't reach counters or walk around gathering ingredients, then you should plan ahead on what you need, get someone to put it all in an easy to reach place for you and that way you could prepare the meal.
and you especially have no business continuing to flirt with and be intimate with this 15 year old (yes, hugging and hand holding counts as intimate).
i don't feel like i should tell you how tipping etiquette works there, but tipping is the social norm!
you need to work on that somehow.
when most of the students perform that way, shaming the students is inappropriate and unhelpful.
cheating is a nebulous term, but generally speaking if it is something you feel the need to sneak around and do it's cheating.
she does not think the same though, constantly talking about how much she loves him, they even moved in together and plan a future together.
hopefully people back off and j can get some better friends who will stick by her side, even when she’s being bullied.
you keep arguing you didn't compromise her safety, but she told you that this isn't safe and you ignored that because of your convenience.
when he tells you it "doesn't work that way", he's not being cagey.
might just be something you want to talk to her about and get her perspective.
you made a promise to a friend and now a better offer has come along you want to jump ship.
i don't see anywhere in your post or comments about his friends having issue with you, all i'm seeing is that you're bored by them and they creep you out.
you negotiated a salary, then immediately demanded more on your very first day just because you spoke to someone who was getting paid more which you acknowledge was because she had already completed her military service and people in that situation are always paid more.
but yeah, i still think you should've stopped.
, but not for wanting a divorce.
- your mom is admittedly toxic but dude, you lost your cool on your mom?
the cleaner has every right not to accept "i want someone to clean for 4 hours" v "i want a specific task done" find an app that lets you input hours to work or call the cleaner directly.
yeah, it can be hard to go against your girlfriend, but what if you were on the other side of it and she was with someone else and you were the one that she said these things about?
your school grades dropped, so your parents want you to bring them up before you take flying lessons.
you practically invited them to watch you.
with a large helping of shitpost
she asked you for permission and you never responded then continued to refuse to tell her that you were opposed to the party.
even if you didn't want to continue the relationship, you have to tell her.
if he doesn’t get the hint at that point then i’d just ignore him.
- this is annoying, and there are plenty of other places where you can do your happy dancing and singing.
unmotivated and possibly detrimental to your goals, sure.
- you invades his privacy and he talks behind your back like some high schooler .
if he's repeatedly coming back to baseball, then it's something he should be encouraged in.
a "normal" meeting cancelled for a probably one time thing and you're angry?
if a client or coworker texts him, he needs to respond no matter if they have a penis or not.
maybe even shp because you seem to already know  based on the way you phrased this question.
, and only because you said you would text her.
man, i wish people went to you and just criticized you like everyone else.
this is a tough one but i'm going to say .
at a hardware store someone could be doing mental calculations for what they need to buy or spend, and your whistling could be distracting.
so your bf had already came twice that day, does that mean his hand and mouth are broken?
you should know that i am working in a job in the mint field, and i am usually trying to argue only with things that are scientifically proven, so i was really pissed by that.
for doing that in a parking lot.
then chill the fuck out with the texts.
and, as it turns out, babies are a shit ton more expensive than condoms or an abortion so either buck up and put money down for that shit or pack your dick in cold storage cause you shouldn't be using that thing for awhile.
- this should be about what she would want and what her family needs to grieve.
have you considered other pets that she may have more of a liking to?
what happens when one of you move out to all this "shared" stuff?
there’s only difficulty and hurt at the end of this road.
this is a conversation you and your wife should have had already before confronting your son about religion
and this is a lesson i've learned personally from the position you are now in.
>she wants to learn read that again.
plus, one way to check if you are wanted is to go to leave and if they pull you back or ask - it's an invitation.
, you should have talked about it.
you said it while y'all were joking back and forth, then flipped it on her.
don’t decide it’s “no big deal”.
that said, it would be totally fair to ask he not talk about him or invite him to family gatherings out of respect for you.
info- is he a good employee?
you are just weirding her out.
tell somebody that their shirt is cool, pay for a friend's lunch, compliment an unpopular girl's hair.
or alternatively asked her if you could use it and tell her if she brings home another one for herself you will pay her the cost to replace it.
he could take you to court for it and win, so just pay up.
you’re what gives other cyclists a bad name and what makes people in actual vehicles care less about sharing the road with those of us who ride on two wheels.
do not give out raw potatoes.
ghosting her is a dick move.
if you want that opinion to go away, stop taking support from him.
you don't get to joke about someone's dead father and decide that they should be ok with it because "you should be able to joke about anything and everything".
making the choice to actively distance yourself from him rather than be there for him definitely makes you an asshole.
he is not the asshole for not wanting to move and had no reason to accommodate you.
if beating him is so important to you, you should have actually finished the game.
, no question, especially in the context of what you did for her brother’s birthday in relation to what you did for hers.
nobody's saying you're not entitled to still stay friends with toby and socialise with him, since he's your best friend, so ok, we can cut your some slack for taking his "side" even though he's a cheating asshole.
if you are willing to eat the expired food maybe she is willing to eat the expired food too.
in a perfect world, you should be happy and proud at the thought of your daughter growing up to be just like your girlfriend.
if i had a small vial of his ashes, i would probably wear it around my neck and never take it off.
- you come to this sub, admitting you're the asshole and still wonder if you're an asshole?
you sound like you are in your teens and hopefully that is the case.
in the case of the woman, a better tack might have been to say "hey buddy, i'm going out with this woman because i like her and she also seems interested in me.
dating someone you’re not attracted to and continually shutting down their advances is really shitty.
he sounds like a typical 11 year old kid.
also, you only proposed after her friend told you why she was upset, and you didn't remember what she asked for before proposing.
has she seen a doctor or a therapist regarding her pain during sex?
if it's only the odd bark then that's different, if it's constant you're in the wrong
if you didn’t discuss with anyone else on the team first
stop taking shit that isn't yours.
i understand that it's uncomfortable to make a scene but that kind of money for fixing the lamp sounds rather ridiculous to me
it's armpit hair, just because it's in a woman's body that doesn't make it disgusting.
e is also the asshole but at least she admits it
nine years is pretty long, so i'm guessing it was a significant offense as well.
thirdly: how did a small poop on a blanket result in 4 hours of cleaning?
she was acting crazy about your tattoo and you reacted really mean about it back.
do you also peel an orange and leave the peel?
wow this is the most clear  post i’ve ever seen you all sound pretty toxic op: “you’re an asshole for not telling your boyfriend the truth so i’m going to do it” *tells boyfriend that he fucked his girlfriend* bf: “yeah bro don’t talk to my girlfriend anymore please” op: *insert surprised pikachu meme*
you put zero effort into her birthday.
you’re an asshole for ratting them out in retaliation.
tossing them back onto his property can be seen as illegal dumping.
friend's exes are always off-limits imo, unless you're okay losing the friend over the girl.
they suck by not just saying they made a mistake so everyone can move on a bit easier.
stealing her phone and sending a controlling message from a clearly insecure boyfriend now puts her in the awkward position of either defending your insecure ass or dumping you.
so now a tree falls from your property onto his and he's thinking, "hey, i did you a favor.
have you considered the fact that your wish for her to be *good* or even * at something is why she doesn't want to try anything?
jesus, you’re such a colossal asshole.
and nobody likes going to funerals, but in your lifetime you most likely will have to attend many of them.
that being said, keep up the good work.
the new dog deserves to be in a loving home.
when he keeps himself groomed, has a decent social life, feels like he looks good, and has that positive support from a good varied friend group the self confidence follows.
>she was hugely pregnant, and didn't refrain from showing it off.
telling everyone guys are only good for their money is the shiftiest thing ever, even if it isn’t how she truly feels.
they need to turn aaron back over to his father and move back to their original home or move cross country to be near you, whichever you all prefer.
the food was fine, but when they said, "no", you should have accepted it.
the implication is that her hyperemesis gravidarum is not a serious condition and that you have no idea what she’s going through.
be an adult and just tell her you’re not interested anymore - or that sorry you’re just not compatible.
there's so many outside factors that could be contributing to her narcoleptic tendencies, and texting is a slow process.
i agree though that nothing she does will make them start treating you better and she needs to just drop the rope with them.
it seems like you two are just trying to make each other jealous.
it sounds like you guys are both in your late teens/early 20's.
leaving her outside for a few hours stood at your door is awful.
but it sounds like she still contributed using her strengths, and that's really all you can ask in a group project.
instead of lying, just explain why you don't want to go.
he should've asked, but if you didn't have a third drive open, he was going to end up needing to store his data on your hard drive anyways.
i’m glad you’re getting help, but you also need to communicate your needs.
he has every right to receive his mail.
- while you are clearly self-aware of your own shortcomings, you have continued to be complacent in them as well.
her parents are her parents, regardless of blood.
you get to sleep in the same bed as her every other night, so why can't you let this one night go?
i’d say high potential for you being the asshole here, either you’re fake kicking a blind guy or you’re being an ass to a maybe dishonest homeless person.
also- i know it's probably a low carb diet, but can i just point out the absurdity in trying to get healthy by eating slim jims?
i mean "asshole" is a strong word to use, but yes, backing out is a little pissweak and flaky.
also as a vegan myself and after meeting many other ones over the last 5ish years i’ve done it, there’s a grey area to veganism in this day and age.
throw a bone every once in a while.
you said in the post already - she’s trying to teach you about money which you said yourself you’re bad at.
did you just break it off because he didn’t stand up and shout his father down in public?
generally unacceptable but i personally would find it a big red flag if my new partner thought a random date was a higher priority than a sick grandparent or a sister who lives far away.
this is also going to affect the kid.
the toilet seats could have contaminated all of the dishes and made you guys sick.
you weren’t that bad of an asshole until you tried to pretend she can just “exercise the same restraint”.
is she also an asshole for using disposable diapers?
i understand that kids will be kids but i was never allowed to run around in our apartment even though we lived on the ground floor and there were no neighbours below us and i'm gonna make the bold assumption that you may be american, so the house is probably not that well isolated as is typical for american homes (for some reason).
your “friends” sound like they wanted to exclude him because....
the only time you aren't is if your s/o knows and is ok with it before you start.
so what if grandma was at the birth.
unfortunately, if this isn’t addressed, he’ll soon be off to college (hopefully!!) where most students have an abundant access to food of all sorts.
clean up your room, especially when you are a guest.
however you obviously know your mother is, and that it means a lot to her.
even if it wasn't a doctor, what if a patient forgot something about their medication and went to wikipedia to check before they contacted their doctor?
it seem the crux of the problem is you communicating the severity/seriousness of your fridge system as a tool to lose weight and him in turn being unwilling to understand.
if there's a group of people, then ideally they should attempt to form a single file instead of blocking you.
if it was clearly a date type situation, you still should have said you are leaving.
your wife watching the kid has no bearing on this at all.
filling 100% of his time off with your own priorities seems selfish.
i breastfeed partly because formula is so god-forsakenly expensive, partly because of societal pressure, and partly because he loves it.
are you 100% sure you were polite?
a few of them have been from mexico.
i understand he’s upset but dude what the hell.
i'm already leaning towards  because you already agreed she can choose the first name.
completely unreasonable to even consider asking, let alone actually asking.
also, would almost certainly be considered an illegal eviction and could come back to bite your dad in the ass.
especially if she's a stay at home mom, people get overwhelmed by being touched and tugged at constantly.
you clearly have no respect for them and they share those same feelings.
telling someone you’re leaving their apartment because they aren’t putting out is asshole behavior, plain and simple.
- hello mr grinch, who cares if it's all fake, people are putting the effort in for you, you don't have to purchase anything or spend time on a gift but you can put the effort of just conversing with them for one night if they are too.
i mean, she keeps bringing her up.
if anything i’d use the opportunity of her changing her hair drastically to talk to her about how she’s feeling.
you're essentially saying you bf can't have any friends because you don't feel like going out.
that's a blatantly racist thing to say (and i mean, in the usa the vast majority of terror attacks are done by white right-wing extremists so...
did the swastika really add to the humor???
she didn't get involved in your relationship.
you are such the asshole here this is bordering on shitpost territory.
you 'confronted' her about a guy she was with after she broke up with her boyfriend?
who knows what else he turned down to keep being free for you.
>i'm not being manipulative yes you are , obviously.
- “i also think she got in her own head, because i can almost always make her cum and that it wasn’t my fault to begin with” you cannot say this and not be the asshole.
not cool!" with a "sorry, mate.
she's making effort to engage in your hobbies after you engaged in hers.
you don’t exactly go to a hostel for a solid sleeping experience tbh
- but just a little bit of one.
and for goodness sakes, give the phone your ex paid for back to its intended owner.
lmao you are your own cockblocker.
- you had absolutely nothing to gain from telling your friend that.
you for not finding a way forward that doesn’t include ignoring a conflict.
while it is difficult to multitask, some activities are complementary.
you say you couldn't control it - okay, let's say that's true.
- not the asshole for being concerned (at all!) but definitely for this part: >so yesterday i told her - for her own safety - that i wouldn't allow her to keep seeing him unless i was allowed to meet him in person.
it takes very little time, thought, or effort to rinse the sink when that stuff is still wet
the guy was being a jerk first, but his wife wasn't.
it is not reasonable to ask a person with african slave ancestors to go to a place that will make her feel horrible for your wedding.
literally all of this is your fault.
just because he doesn't contribute doesn't mean he isn't allowed to express his views.
i would suggest you try to have a conversation about this.
not to mention you knew he was grossed out by those things and teased him anyway...
whelp, guess we're going to have to find something else to eat, or go out and buy more chicken." apologize.
understandable if she's feeling ignored anyway, but shutting down doesn't solve problems.
; raising the price randomly is an asshole move.
it’s normal though, all teenagers do this, and they all eventually wish they’d spent more time with their parents later in life.
going off the information you gave your parents are the assholes for clearly trying to better with him when they seem to have turned you into a resentful ball of hate.
this is her hobby and free time, who cares what art you prefer?
it really sucks that you've been thrown into the middle of this, and it will be drama, and you don't deserve that, but i just feel like you can't let this guy mess up his life like that.
drive with the flow of traffic.
look, everyone knows newborns are ugly, they look like little squishes and they don’t develop facial features for like a month, but you don’t say it out loud.
and then deciding that she’s just a piece of shit for how she’s processing it?
he even brought you a new mug for crying out loud.
i think you did all the right things by apologizing and they should just move on, but from now on you should be careful to realize your actions are your own, even if you’re drunk...
feels like you're asking us to justify your emotional affair/subterfuge, man.
he never spoke to you about arrangements.
i don't know if they posted stuff, or used it to follow their preferred youtubers or whatever, it's still not your account to delete.
it's pretty easy to see how that could be taken the wrong way.
declawing is inhumane and unhealthy for a cat on many levels.
, sorry it is the principle of it.
it's fast paced, entirely skill and no luck and doesn't have any pay to win bullshit.
and that the timing is right for the both of you.
i'm sympathetic since i also live in a filming-heavy city and have to deal with delays a lot, but you're only making life difficult for the pas when you do that.
first, for going though your girlfriends fitbit to track down deleted messages.
imo they're the true assholes lol
for not wanting to pander, and you're right, if they were fantastic in their jobs they should have moved up.
i don’t get it, i don’t like it, so it’s gone.” that’s what you did.
i think there's some assholeiness going on still, sure, but less than i thought...
we all portray our best selves online, but that's not what you did.
who am i to say what's best for him and then force him into it?"  100%.
this was hotels.coms fault, not the hotel.
your girlfriend is effectively your tenant.
honestly i'm even willing to come down a little more harshly on the woman who questioned someone's disability than i am with you for using the accessible stall, as it's way more annoying to be judged "not disabled enough" by some rando than it is to have to wait to use the accessible stall.
that's one of the ways that people learn, and that's how some people learn best.
read a book, do a crossword, bring any other homework or paperwork you have to catch up on.
he's an adult, he can handle not going.
that’s an awful way to start a relationship.
or maybe she could have considered it, agreed with you, and then you could have reached out to other friends.
you just seem to dislike feeling "superior" as far as grades go.
be better about picking up social cues.
that being said, i don't think you necessarily shouldn't go to the concert.
the cat could have died and you kept it from your girlfriend.
you *can* change how you think.
but the way to handle that isn't marrying him then throwing it away.
this isn't about the pronouns, it's about being polite more broadly even in the face of rudeness...
c) if someone isn’t interested there is nothing you can do to change that.
your wife has time off of work to relax and enjoy it.
so what could have happened is that your friend thought it was okay for you all to put up few those notes and she thought it was funny too.
give yourself a daily time limit on games (2 hours?) and spend the rest of the time with her.
let her enjoy time with her boyfriend.
you don't have to be friends with her, but your attitude towards friendships makes you the asshole.
bi women often already feel insecure in their sexuality for stereotypes and you reaffirmed these insecurities in her.
get him something that isn't related to his "one downfall" and leave the gym for another less important day.
it doesn't matter if this kid is bound for a life of being an asshole.
even though you tried to explain that it's not to ruin her...
what would possess you to refuse help from your waitress by yelling at her?
he's 5, he doesn't have a damned clue what he's doing.
maybe people are overreacting in your eyes but its not realistic to tell people not to care just because other people have worse problems.
these are not proportionate favors you want.
and somehow he has not learned some financial independence according to your litmus?
you could’ve told them that you found out that she’s been cheating on you and you have irrefutable proof about it.
if the best way you can think to get back at someone is to steal their shit, then you are a idiot and an asshole.
and he should ask his dm if he discovers he dislikes his characters play style that if they could revisit it in a few sessions to make sure everything is working for everyone involved.
this part seems to be getting overlooked in lieu of the dirty fighting: >i told my oldest son and his friends to just get him.
if you want something delivered, you take the responsibility to organise a trust worthy recipient.
for not wanting her to drive your car.
you should have gone on the date, split the bill, and then told him there wasn't any chemistry for you in person.
i'm sure he just yelled something like "excuse me, it's really cold, could you please turn down the ac?" you: turn the fucking ac off me:
it may seem squicky because employing family almost never works out correctly.
mostly because i can't follow your story.
they could be scraping by and giving you everything you ask for because they're good parents while they live on instant ramen.
instead of bringing the issue up with the church in a responsible manner, you're passive aggressively teaching your kids to look at those people in a negative light.
surely them asking for food is better than money, as you at least know they won't shoot up with a sandwich.
maybe talk to them about it rather than complain on a site (which happens to be full of people talking about depression, or making depression jokes).
half the stuff my family likes makes me gag.
it's a possibility you didn't approach this with her in a way she felt was fair, especially since she's losing hours of paid work for it.
letting him know you're not comfortable with such intimate communication with someone who's married and that's why you're going to stop talking to him could give him some understanding and allow him to reflect on himself as well as give you some closure and peace of mind.
your amateur research is absolute crap.
>personally i'd prefer a woman who loves me at my bulkiest as much as she loves me at my shreddiest.
, but not necessarily for *what* you said so much as your lack of consideration while saying it.
you didn't give a shit that he was upset.
if you take out your resentment on your (as far as i can see here) innocent grandmother.
it doesn't matter how close you are with that other person or how unlikely you think it is that it will get back to them; it's still a betrayal of trust.
look it’s all well and good that you and your girlfriend are trying to eat better and you’re trying to hold her accountable.
putting anything online means it's there to share forever, no matter where it gets posted.
or you would have turn them down after all of their traveling.
it's also not a good to distract other drivers.
whether that's the case or not, it should be alarming to you that you seemed to have hurt your brother so much through this that he feels this way.
- if she was speaking to you and you actively chose to speak a language she doesn't understand, it could be because you're trying to obfuscate your intentions.
- also what was the sarcastic remark you used?
, can't decide if this is a shitpost, but i guarantee that a 6 year old knows quite well what, and how, you're saying things to him.
&#x200b; that said, if you had asked, and she said no, i think it would have been fine to explain your reasoning to her because i do think it's legit.
you're not entitled to anything from your uncle (rip), so don't get upset when you don't get anything.
you guys planned this day in advance, and you're long distance, so you won't be able to really see each other for months.
if anything, you should've told her it was already uncomfortable for you as well
it's honestly hard to make a judgement since i wasn't there, but i'll go with .
- he shouldn’t be coming over to your house uninvited but you came across as a bit of an ass
work events come and go but you’re talking about not seeing someone you regard as one of your closest friends for at least 3 years (maybe more).
you could have taken your time, or at least kept it to yourself.
it will certainly be an uphill battle if you choose to keep both sides in your life.~~  - changed after reading comments.
what your friend told was perfectly reasonable: "i value our friendship but with work, kids, and everything else going on in my life, i just can't hang out all the time.
>i reluctantly agreed to make it a date that was more convenient for his family after a week or so of hearing complaints.
you're literally wishing harm on kids because their parents are idiots (and kids can't legally get their own vaccinations until they are 18)
this is why i don't believe you know what acting like an adult truly is.
ask more clarifying questions next time.
i think the main issue here is you both just aren't communicating properly.
agreeing to be in a committed relationship and then being surprised that she thinks it's a committed relationship is assholey
and so the fuck is he!
and bringing up your preferences and asking someone to change their appearance after just finishing literally the first time you had sex with them is pretty tactless.
second of all, his son is hurting too and asked for very simple things that he remembers from his estranged father.
if he's old enough that you'd describe him as an "ancient fossil" then you shouldn't have let him fall.
>i then had sent him the screenshot of our prior chat logs, showing we had agreed on that time to play wtf?
then you made a big deal of the notes and took them all down, so all of the coworkers will feel like she was upset about it, which in turn makes their relationships with her kindof weird.
i don't understand, hadn't he called 911 already?
if you want a car you should find a way to buy it yourself.
only announce the one you’re actually going to.
and you're still unable to have an adult conversation with your partner.
you should be upset with your family, not your bf.
i guarantee it will be appreciated.
why didn't you or your father eat some?
why propose when you can’t be fucked to discuss the date of the wedding?
that sort of duplicity will only fester when new opportunities are deemed inappropriate in your eyes.
cold showers or running your wrists under cold water bring your temperature down and get rid of sweat.
but the effect you've had on her was negative, and you're responsible for that.
you'll meet people who share those hobbies and have common ground with a potential mate.
you know how hard it is to get food from wisconsin when you aren't in that state?
- making jokes is one thing.
but you needed the money and they needed the help.
but your dad is going through something called life.
she’s already proven herself to be an irresponsible driver, and her negligence could potentially ruin *your* car.
sara is obviously shy about her wheelchair use.
best to not dwell on this one.
if he doesn't want to try a certain drug, that's his choice and you should just drop it.
you said that the fights between your parents get violent.
i remember people that were dicks to me when i was working and that has been 4 years ago
it would have been weird for him to let you do it.
she just has to stop seeing this therapist because you don’t approve?
not an asshole for wanting more sex, having no sex is a fair and common reason to end relationships.
that's why they ask you "preference or allergy?" a lot of times at restaurants.
, that's a bullshit reason to not invite someone, it has no basis in reality, if every one knows her and is fine with her, why would she break the group in smaller groups, it just makes no sense.
i would think it more likely for a person to not be so covetous of their own remains.
despite that, she probably feels like you only want her for sex, which is what she probably told her friends, hence them thinking you're "rapey".
the point of having a job is that it supports the household.
the important thing is that you dated for about ten days and you wrote this insane essay about it?
this post is essentially "i got a girl pregnant but don't want to take responsibility, am i an asshole?"
there is nothing wrong with having seizures but you have to be aware that others could be hurt or she herself could be hurt.
so yeah,  because your attitude as a whole is shitty.
if you really liked her, you wouldn't forget about her.
you can buy yourself some noise-cancelling headphones or move, but telling someone not to use facilities they pay for in their rent because of your sensory processing issues is unfair.
does that mean i'm not attracted to my wife?
if you forsee yourself having multiple commitments you need to plan it out.
your friend is not a friend.
how would that be good for her?
saying she doesn’t care about your speech was too far, she’s your teacher she obviously wants you to be successful especially when that success comes from outside of her class.
wtf is the point of that?
, and also those analogies are *highly* questionable.
there is absolutely no reason for you to be friends with her.
you have no proof that she did anything wrong.
people don't know what you have and haven't been offered for something.
you probably shouldn’t be giving advice on what they would look “better” in.
so to be crystal clear, your not an asshole for growing into different things.
hearing those exact lines often does not mean crap if you're doing that *all* the time.
you are a fucking asshole, that is what you are.
rude, unnecessary, petty, whatever other adjectives you want to call it.
and then you went on reddit and made a self-pitying post instead of apologizing.
nope, that is not even slightly starting to begin to be a good reason for that kind of damage to another person.
and what your saying is "if you're here i won't be able to have any fun".
go date an accountant or a wedding planner.
because if it was the latter, really should've just gotten an uberpool after all.
you both seem sweet, but in this case i have to say that .
she needs support at a time like this, and as someone with kidney problems i can tell you uti's and ( especially ones that transfer to the kidneys) hurt like a bitch.
just "taking a cut of that funding for yourself" is basically *fraud/embezzlement*.
you basically lumped a billion people into one idea.
i'm not saying you're an asshole.
sure, he didn’t have to do it like that because that’s pretty dickish but he could have genuinely been trying to show his appreciation.
expecting new makes you the asshole here as well.
if he’s flying you out, and your daughter out, but not your wife -the mother of his grand children, someone who is also supposed to be family to him -imagine how insignificant and left out she must feel!!
heck, i’d rather use my t-shirt than someone else’s used towel.
he deserves someone who remains emotionally faithful.
sure we all get pissed at jerks and the injustice when first come first serve isn't honored, but what the actual fuck....
might not be your family values, but they're hers.
it sounds like it comes off as more of a business relationship.
so that when you hit high school you won’t be “that annoying girl” you’ll be the girl who doesn’t lose her cool and who can be friends and sit with anyone.
his graduation is about him, not you.
i wouldn't want my plastic bin to absorb any of that odor.
sure but that’s a two way street and it’s the name of the game.
you’re a coward for not taking responsibility for your actions and fleeing the country to avoid doing so.
it's a fine life choice and i have enormous respect for at-home parents, but it's not for everyone.
she asked you to step back, so step back.
no one's asking her to change her own beliefs - just not to push them on others.
he’s probably pretty depressed rn and you hit a soft spot trying to joke with him
but when and how your step-daughter leaves is not your call, in any way, ever.
it's not your wifes fault or your kids.
for example, i'm an avid player of a game called quake.
some flowers can’t handle chicken poop as it’s very strong fertilizer.
my fiancé does the same thing and it just turns into a joke where i laugh with him because he's so out of t and we continue our conversation like normally.
people view this differently and some people may never forgive somebody for that, and that’s perfectly within her rights and fine.
your intentions here were not bad, or evil.
if you aren’t comfortable with her going to things alone, you need to go with her and support your kid’s interests.
this is not a healthy relationship.
but to avoid this situation in the future, i would recommend a lottery pool.
just because you think a girl would have a similar view to you doesn’t mean she necessarily will and doesn’t mean you won’t be disappointed.
if you're not willing to cover *any* of the costs and think they're "obliged" to pay for everything.
your reaction should be that they are brave to try, and should be proud to have made it a week.
but telling her that the request is offensive is where you took it too far.
- you've had three separate and serious issues - including a hospitalization!
they're offering to pay for half, generously.
and don’t mention nobody celebrating your graduation years ago when you didn’t want to, you seem reallyyyyy butthurt.
you suck for playing a movie out loud in a shared bedroom during mutual sleeping hours.
doesn't matter if they're speeding, you have to move over.
be glad that you aren't the one coughing your lungs our all night and put on a fan or get a white noise machine.
she can invite whomever she wants.
hopefully, you can talk it out at home and decide in private if he’s wanting to wait or not - maybe you could text him so he can answer without anyone else knowing what he said.
you're not in charge of your sister's body.
it's not about the monetary value but rather the thought put into it.
this is a set up for a lot of perceived shame and self worth kind of stuff down the road.
all this will do is cause an argument, you probably won't get any money.
if your marriage wasn't working, you had options of divorce, counselling, etc.
but backing your parents up just makes things that much harder for your brother.
justifying your cruelty with things like "but they could have just not been born" doesn't make you look any better.
there’s actually a fair amount of evidence that couples who have separate bedrooms (or even houses next door!) have very healthy relationships.
if the price tag wasn't there, would it really matter then?
just try your hardest to enjoy it this last time just to keep the peace at least.
she has more important things to deal with than to worry about annoying her asshole boyfriend.
sure, you might have very relevant reasons for a tendency to react that way, but that doesn't make it right.
sure your time is precious, but so was theirs and it sounds like you were wasting their time trying to be their friend in the first place because you have no intention of maintaining that relationship.
the boyfriend: he is extremely controlling imho.
i thought from the title that you wanted him to help you seek help for your problem.
, yes it is unhealthy behavior but you handled it terribly.
\- roommate situations easily cascade into big problems.
you don't owe him a relationship, but you didn't need to lie and string him along.
more importantly, why would you *want* to step on the thing that gives him hope and purpose considering where his life is at right now?
if this even happened then there's probably some logical, occam's razor-type reason like the girl in front of you got the end of a batch they were about to throw out.
read these boards for a bit and see what crazy shit “friends” have done.
i can think of several circumstances in which a person might reasonably choose the left lane while going under the speed limit.
he still got his hourly wage and mileage.
they would do anything for you.
you’re not a big asshole but you did mess up in this situation, i don’t know how long you should have waited but two weeks wasn’t enough especially for such a long relationship.
and you wasted a lot of money.
if you expect her to listen to you.
, i can understand not wanting it to be publicly known that you have cancer, but you are going too far by wanting to hide it from your wife.
don't be an idiot and cum inside a girl without a condom on in the first place if you don't want to risk having a kid.
it may suck, but it's her life and her right to do so.
yes most if not all of us expect something in return, but dropping out/leaving your friends because you don't like the food is an asshole move.
for making feminism an issue when it wasn’t.
find better people to hang out with.
and that's ok, but that means that if a poc brings up the topic and specially if they say that you might inadvertently come across as a racist/insensitive, just listen.
you sure as hell don't owe anybody sex for any reason and have every right to refuse advances while still accepting drinks, it's just that it's rude.
if i was your girlfriend and i found that stuff on your computer, you'd be dumped.
at this point, you’re wasting precious class time when this is probably something you need to go to office hours for (assuming she has oh).
if he was depressed to the point of suicide you would have felt like a real ass.
i'm going to guess knocking over her hairspray isn't the first time this has happened.
if you don’t want to host them as often then don’t.
you don't *need* your wife to go to bed at the same time as you, you just want her to.
ps: it is more difficult than you think to make a meal that kids will actually enjoy.
i worked on a tv show once.
your entire mindset from start to finish is a huge string of  attitude and behavior.
they have personal and embarrassing things there.
if you’re concerned the dog’s butt is dirty, and it’s going to leave poop on the couch you’re still allowing it to walk around the house and leave poop wherever, so not allowing it on the couch is hardly a solution.
you propped up a false narrative for this kid and she took it hook line and sinker.
it would be beneficial if you learned to do the same of your peers and your teachers.
my sister was in this position years ago - she quit smoking the first few months of her pregnancy, and she was so high stressed and strung out that the doctor actually told her to take up smoking again, because it would do less harm to the baby.
it’s not a power play to wish to have sex away from others.
b) no one with an esa has any problems.
let her heal the way she sees fit, if she isn’t ready to see him or just doesn’t want too, that’s fine.
it's not your relationship, so the blame is on her, but you are still an asshole.
, telling her to fuck off makes you an asshole.
i can’t remember exactly what happened, but i called my girlfriend a prude time to have a serious conversation about the future of your relationship.
i think you probably knew that.
just from what you’ve said, you sound to me like an asshole and a bully too.
maybe she won't think any of that!
you're not the first person to screw up like this.
i do like that one person’s suggestion of a postcard if you’re opposed to texting and phone calls.
and he's not sitting with his new friends.
i mean, who wins if she finds out she's wrong?
honestly, highschool relationships rarely ever last a long time, and if you're not into her enough to go steady through the summer, then it isn't worth getting back together again when it's over.
there are some unwritten rules we should follow at parking lots to not be douchebags.
also the term dwarf is outdated, someone can have a type of dwarfism but you shouldn’t call someone a dwarf unless that individual person is someone you know and has said you can call them that.
hell, you should have gone to the instructor when they tried to plagiarize.
but it’s not really catfishing, just dumb.
really you should do a full task and claiming you can’t load a dishwasher because you’re a vegetarian is ridiculous but if your brother is exempted because he’s a dude then everybody sucks.
get some $2 headphones and sit on a bench ffs.
this guy is gonna be a footnote by the time you are old.
it's not cheating if she's okay with it.
laying out all the "shit that makes me feel bad" sounds like you're just lashing out and not seeking a constructive repair of the relationship; just expecting her to change her behavior for you.
if anything, the people who are most hurt are young people looking to start a career and anyone with a stock based retirement fund (basically everyone)
- she was starting a conversation and you were rude.
"that's not in my job description" is one of the most useless things to say.
and it would lead to *huge* fights every year at every major holiday: "i cook great food for them, but they can't shell out for more than a lousy lasagna?" and the like.
i’ve been gladiator in wow .5% and legend in hearthstone (similar) yet i’ve never made a dime from either.
telling someone you're in the shower is not permission to fuck you.
wtf are you two grownups doing screaming at each other in front of him like that.
it seems like you’re mad because your boyfriend has a superficial physical preference but you’re being pretty superficial as well by categorizing him as a stereotypical dude just because he likes large breasts.
they're going to severely impact his finances for a large portion of his life after graduation.
- how could you even begin to think it's okay to refer to an autistic person as a "beta"?
yes you worked hard but a lot of people do that and don’t get a great job just when they graduate.
if say you don’t care enough to hate him.
youll be no better than the kid who came up to you and told you not to run
if you are going to get drunk stay at a friends place.
if your child *does* show signs of being transgender, a child psychologist can help you out.
if you care about you cat so much- especially it’s health- you would be worried about all the risk it faces being outside- not just nice neighbors.
first, for using the word "retard".
it's another to say that and then balloon up.
you don't get to just include mom and change their plan because you happen to think their visitation agreement should be amended.
- sometimes it's rude to be too accepting of gifts (greedy), and sometimes it's rude to be too resistant to them (proud).
explain why you don't want to see them.
personally i think you may be.
(the dad) because he not only abandoned the family financially, but also emotionally.
your gf could have gone on without you while you try to sort out the matter while stuck in new delhi airport.
- cause your acting like one.
it definitely is shitty that you have all those chores though.
it's too hard to tell if the bf is actually a bad guy or if you're just projecting a bad image onto him because he's reacting to you acting like that towards your brother.
don't see what either of you are getting out of this relationship, but jesus, her ever having kissed a guy she has since remained friends with is not a crime; you're being clingy as hell.
you need to back up about his job being easy.
people don't want your cookies and apologies, they don't want to be around an obnoxious drunk.
seems like she was making do with a bad situation and you just ghosted her.
neither of you seem to respect the other.
the fact that someone thinks i might use my pain for goddam *internet points* is incredibly insulting.
if you’re having thoughts like this you don’t support the lgbtq community like you think you do.
it wasn’t your battle to fight.
and try not to feel too bad overall.
you're not his therapist or his psychiatrist.
but you are coming across as being very judgemental here.
no one likes this kind of manipulation and the longer you try it, the more relationships will suffer.
but it’s really not a huge deal.
it's not about the food that matters but you two being together
if she is seeing him again and she invited him into her room, then unfortunately it's not your business if he visits her.
to make to worse, it sounds like your parents are trying to help you.
> i have shown a level if irresponsibility that he can't trust me any more accurate.
they will look for any reason to not have him back.
if you were dating him, or he was being mean to your friend that's another thing.
you’re fucking white or you aren’t.
if you can't wait your turn, maybe you should have shown up earlier.
dude, don't ever pull that shit again.
honestly, these two friends of yours need to get away from each other and grow up as well as heal from all the emotional shit they have flung at each other.
i can understand at first...but then you got married, had kids, and 20 years have passed.
why does it matter what your family's image of him is?!
sure you're a godfather but getting upset he didn't text you as soon as his child was born is pretty selfish.
don’t argue with her if this is something you feel strongly about but talk to her about it reasonably.
- you didn’t tell them you’d rather be alone, you were clearly irked by their mere presence, you complaints are petty and easily resolved, and you tried to get them to leave in a rude way.
regardless of the kind of toothpaste, regardless of the time, you should both be rinsing the sink after you brush, no one wants to deal with someone elses dried mouth phlegm.
instead of ghosting her & treating her like garbage, do her at least one solid by being honest & telling her you don’t see a future with her and want to stop things before leading her on anymore.
that being said, i'm sure your dad is hustling and working hard to make a better life for you.
if you really can't provide for the baby/can't provide a stable life for the baby, you and your so are assholes.
she still cooks and having a personal chef costs way more than $200.
if you're looking at her differently for being abused, analyse why that is.
i read all of your posts.
complement her when she is at the gym, cooking healthy, trying to eat better- that will encourage her to try harder.
how long are you going to deceive him?
sometimes that requires being an asshole.
"hey, why don't you eat our pot luck food?" "because you guys are gross." how is it not totally obvious that this is an offensive thing to say?
seriously, saying shit like this will not only make any woman you are with instantly dislike you, it can get you *banned* from a gym.
y’all have been each other’s constant companion for a year.
not your kid, not your decision.
- you cant hold tour brother hostage with your familial relationship.
don't chill him out just because you're being cheap.
if it's just one person, it's not a big problem.
i'm sorry but you're either not thinking right as a result of his death or you weren't that into him.
you each took it two steps further pass what the other did, be the bigger person or you should've kept on calling the property manager and/or the proper authorities
the way you split up with her shows little empathy.
maybe go with asking if everything's alright, has something happened that made her change her mind, instead of just "wtf you going to leave me here with blue balls?" when she lets go of your dick.
like, we get it man, you love dogs.
tell him honestly and clearly you will not have biological children.
also, you said you haven’t talked to it for a month afterwards and you’re still mad.
- this was handled pretty poorly by all parties.
buy less games and dinners for your gf.
if you no longer choose to do things for him that’s well within your right:
you're stuck on materialistic things and seem to be obsessed with this coworker.
you need to learn to trust and respect her judgement.
and yeah, a terrorist attack happened in kenya.
i had been waiting for an appointment for nearly 3 months, and they called me on the morning of the appointment.
you say things like, “but i really wanted him to get over her!” so?
you pretend that it’s no big deal, that you should be able to call it whatever you want.
you were bulling her not "helping put her to bed"
for rampant substance abuse which is clouding your head and confounding the issue.
you seem intelligent enough to do that, but you're so stubborn, you probably won't.
so don't y'all come back at me by just saying i hate dogs.
i’m not sure if you’re male or female but you’re acting like a classic niceguy.
i think you saying she enabled him was the bad part.
it's kind of mean to exclude him for something he really has no ability to change.
they were id'ing people, just not to the standards you felt acceptable.
also, if your little ruse ever come to light then you're fueling that "there are no real women on the internet" myth, something i've had to deal with myself because of guys like you.
that’s not fair, and it is never helpful or productive.
who actually trusts strangers to follow through on something like this?
-breaking news: no shit your teacher is agitated that you keep walking in and out to complete another class’ project.
>i went on to comment about how everyone else is allowed to offer suggestions, but apparently, i’m not because it’s about breastfeeding?
the spot he proposed to me was on snapchat days before (which is when i discovered another lie because when i was crying in the fall he told me he had it planned).
call off the engagement and hire a nanny.
but saying it, especially in that very moment is unnecessary.
when is the parent who is home supposed to sleep?
i'm sure that stuff cost you money and you would like your fish to stay alive.
it doesn’t matter if you think it’s not important or in the past.
you should be bending over backwards to get her back because i honestly think she should toss your violent, unstable ass to the curb.
you are convicted enough in your beliefs to stiff your server and not tip them, but you are not convicted enough to not eat at establishments that implement this terrible system?
more appropiate, go have a face to face or send an non-angry letter.
on top of all of that, you're debating not giving her phone back.
see toby at other people's homes or public places.
as a man, you likely have never thought about this.
just browse reddit in the lobby area man.
if your friends can't afford $4.00 once a week maybe they shouldn't be playing.
physicality is not all that makes up attraction and devotion in a relationship.
and trying to find a new partner.
you need to respect the situation, you need to respect her, and you need to respect yourself.
the dog was old, and probably needed to be put down.
i sure hope you are not an adult, because your actions seem like something a 14 year old kid with issues would do.
unless of course you want your children to have issues and not trust you.
she sucks (as do you) for contributing to a screaming match, and so does your dad.
- i think you can suck it up for one weekend, op.
i think you ignored the obvious.
for making me read all that stupid bullshit.
it is about those in grief and supporting the wishes of the deceased.
- how hard is it to help someone with directions when you have a gps?
he tried to laugh it off, cuing you with the "what are you talking about?" and you had to double down.
if he didn't feel like playing then that's just how it was.
on one hand, you're driving him for free and you did ask for him to get there quickly.
you're making her walk on egg shells, if she can't even apologise and be done with it
let people speak from their experiences, even if they’re a cis white individual.
you’re well within your right to have an opinion and give criticism, but you crossed the line by not knowing when to stop.
it’s hurting nobody if he prays for your family member.
a boy might want a barbie doll for the damsel in distress.
that would be have been stealing.
at the end of the day, he’s making you a homecooked meal that’s safe to eat.
not only will à second language help them in the future but it's also half of their culture and it will be much harder for them to learn it when they are older.
for starters, you're dumb as a brick if you go to a lesser college just because you want to have fun.
being the sole earner doesn't entitle you to little to no housework any more than being a stay-at-home partner/parent entitles a person to laze about.
it's how the real world works.
i love my daughter but she’s my only girl.
even the cuddling could be explained because if the alcohol, and it isnt like you guys slept together.
you owe them both an apology, even if they never speak to you again.
i myself was unpleasantly reminded of the behaviour of some people i considered bullies when i was in 6th or 7th grade (i'm surprised i can even remember it), who would try to distance themselves from conversational topics they had inhibitions about, by mocking me for bringing them up in any conversation within earshot.
she was clearly telling her mom that because she's happy that she's learning from you and was proud to let her mom know that she's learning a new skill.
you’ve ghosted her while having some sort of relationship with her 3.
in general, people are directly asked to be a bridesmaid and since you weren't you were making a big assumption.
like, your response probably wasn't proportional to what she said...
i just think it's too early to go "hey guys jk, i'd rather go back to our busiest outlet".
talk about it with your wife, don't go behind her back.
, to you, "nonce" is just an abstract joking insult, but a terribly high percentage of children are molested, so it's not at all impossible that she, or someone she's close to, was.
and i’d love to have a conversation with your girlfriend about the politics of universities at the administrative level.
you immediately assume that this was a jab at you by her father.
it's not because you're asking her to not buy sweets, but because you're putting the responsibility of your diet on her instead of using some self restraint and simply not eat the sweets.
but on your end, it was unnecessarily hurtful.
what you did was a bit mean.
making light of it is immature and invalidates their very rightful irritation.
>and when she goes to sleep, i can turn on no lights.
but it may mean you are simply incompatible.
do not try to get more money from someone for doing something they did not ask you to do, the fact you feel its right to do this makes you the asshole.
you said your post is about your life and big events, and you by default are telling her that she’s not a part of that.
for making me read that cursed title
or just do it yourself and learn.
clearly you don't respect him as a person because you don't want to spend time with him yet nobody will take affirmative action to get him away.
healthy couples recognize when an issue isn't worth fighting over and communicate when it is; instead, she probably recognizes this is stupid and not worth fighting over but doesn't want to get over it so she's just sulking.
, this just sounds like something that blew up out of proportion because y'all were both strung out.
she has laid out boundaries, over and over, and you disrespect them and her each time.
in fact, you don't reliably know your grandparents' whole stories since you were quite young when they died and have only biased reports.
for the way you said it.
that's a lot of control from someone who is not even married.
someone in said public bathroom says "hey, not funny." you decide to lie to try to make things go away.
you're meant to apologise because it's the right thing to do, not because you want something from the other person.
: you said that to get him to react and they say stuff for the same reason.
also, i get it's a meme and all that, but there's a big difference between someone seeing a meme scrolling through twitter and someone being told to their face to commit suicide, joke or not.
your ex for obvious reason and you because you're threatening him with something you can't do.
you’re being incredibly immature about this.
so you seemingly are trying to justify what you did, or make yourself look righteous or some shit.
i would be mortified if my boyfriend did this to me.
i think that actually this was poorly considered comment, and this is what your friends were responding to.
imagine if you were infertile and your husband wanted some other woman to have his baby, while fully expecting you to raise that baby despite your own feelings toward the matter.
&#x200b; so: just apologize to her, it was early, you were cranky because of it and because you had had to walk already twice to classes or whatever, but you were an asshole anyway, so do apologize.
even if it is a little bit, it is not worth it.
however, you have been friends for a long time and should be able to have a discussion about it and see where it goes.
it was fine when you thought she was 21 - that was on her for lying.
if your irl interactions are in any way similar, you are probably coming across like a major asshole.
she can't healthily maintain a fwb situation with you at this point
it doesn't matter if she is doing anything wrong or not.
it's an extremely kind gesture from both him and his mother.
it is absolutely none of your business.
in the usa, we have a saying, “shit, or get off the pot.” that means, commit to something, or move on.
she goes through all this effort and trouble to give you both a lovely vacation and a new experience and you refuse, not because you have a deep-seated anxiety of travel or a childhood trauma of swiss cheese, but because you would prefer to sit on your ass at home and sleep?
a simple gesture of gratitude and care, that's all it is.
follow the logic here: have cat.
yes i think if you do that .
think of how hurt your bf would be if he read this post.
stealing from your work is never cool, but ted was indeed a bigger asshole than you.
since obviously it's solely *his* duty to take *you* out and show you a good time, all that gender equality we've experienced in the last century must go out the window.
as it stands, you've overstepped the parameters of the original assignment by speaking about a topic that doesn't fit in 10 minutes, while making an underhanded challenge to people who can't challenge you back.
you acknowledge that he loves this game.
also, super insulting to your gf.
but also let this girl go because she deserves better than you.
if your girlfriend's ex kissed her, would you want to know?
why would he apply in the first place?
if this was her first time meeting this guy i’d be more sympathetic, but it sounds like she really has things under control.
girls getting their freak on has nothing to do with men.
when she said she is fine now, what does that mean?
sitting with the guests while only her sister stands with her at the altar doesn't mean you can't get ready with her if she wants that.
she doesn't need to explain why she doesn't feel like tasting your coffee.
you’re acting like you’re supporting them.
also the future section could be interpreted as being possessive as it goes from "currently you have friends but in the future it should just only be us".
, not because you slept with your late wife’s sister but because she mentioned having a boyfriend and you did it anyway.
because you are failing to recognize the sacrifices made by your so; it seems as if you view them as lesser sacrifices than she feels they are.
i get dark humour is a thing that some people enjoy using, but you have to be careful who you're directing it at.
honestly don't even think i need to explain but i will so you will understand.
further, that's super invasive if privacy.
yeah he should have checked his mirrors before driving technically, but he's not an asshole for doing it.
you know tuition is expensive, right?
you didnt see anything, are somehow trying to refute video evidence and you texted him in a very accusatory manner and then claimed u didnt accuse him of driving to fast.
your sister was getting violent, so his only choices seemed to be letting her go, or physically restraining her.
you could always send the first message.
, there's been 40 years of stagnant wages and boomers won't retire.
this is why you record after an accident.
you were cool with him before you found out he did drugs, you said yourself he had good encounters.
certainly not as bad as smoking cigarettes or drinking alcohol.
i worry that your son will feel like he is replaceable now because of this action.
sometimes kids are a dealbreaker and you know it, intentionally hiding it until after the first date is still a waste of time and emotional energy.
don’t compare your girlfriend to a car, even if it seems appropriate.
my dude, you need to get help for yourself.
surely, logic would dictate its because they have more in common.
you claim that this employee shouldn't need to take off full days of work so his wife can be away "24/7," but it doesn't sound like you're giving him *any* time off.
-- i do think you're borderline .
but nope, this is legit just texting.
unless you have explicit permission to touch women, just stop putting your hands on us.
and if its a negative, you will rue the day you let him tell you your family was rude for not wanting him at your sisters wedding.
it’s usually a very short conversation that lasts about 2 minutes.
(my kids are 19 & 12, the oldest is in college and making access to tech conditional on good grades really worked out.
you're a grown ass man, it's time to stop being grossed out by periods.
ywbta if you ask her to leave the group chat now.
man am i glad i don’t live in new york.
it doesn’t have to be immediate.
you will end up embarrassing yourself eventually.
do everyone a faviour and do more than just clean them.
i am not going to not wear earbuds on the off chance someone might need to say something to me.
your friends get to choose how they spend their time and money so  for thinking one of your friends could have used one of her remaining vacation days on you, or cancel family plans.
however, the receptionist knows when a wait is *too* long, and should have been more mindful of your time.
for your approach to your colleague, but ynta for having the fuk room for all customers to see!
blind dates never have to be love connections, but you effectively ruined your friendship with your friend, damaged sara's confidence, and by not making the best out of a situation that did not appeal to you.
if anything, you should have confronted her afterwards about her slapping your hand when you were trying to be nice.
also your company is horrible for making you double up.
the problem here is that she called you for emotional support, and you said you'll only give it to her for sex.
you need to get yourself some real help.
but you could have made him something, or gotten him something inexpensive.
your insecurity is your problem, she can't fix it by making her life smaller and you shouldn't want her to.
your girlfriend isn't an animal you shouldn't be locking her in a room 'for her own good', i'm pretty shocked this needs to be said.
at first glance, dad sounds like he sucks.
look, i agree going after memes isn't a great use of anybodies time, but why do *you* care so much about keeping her from doing it?
and of course you don't bring a kid into daycare when they were throwing up only a day ago.
the fact that the cycle had not even finished, even if you did not agree it needed 75 minutes, automatically makes .
- i'm so sorry, because i really feel you on this, but the reason you get to go to your fancy school is because your father is doing what he's doing.
you were because i hate seeing cyclists decide they're a road user, then a pedestrian, then a road user whenever it is convenient.
- including someone in your wedding party and not extending a plus one is a dick move.
he doesn't know he's dropped his wallet.
girls give soft no’s because they’re worried it will seem rude or that the other person will get angry.
you gave him the gift to do with as he pleases, and by returning it you not only took his gift back, you also effectively gave him no birthday gift.
you're lying if you say you've never watched porn.
you did threaten her brother, and if i was her i'd have cut you out of my life right there and then.
it’s over now though, so maybe next time you consider the sacrifices someone is making as better than the gift or card they could have bought you?
the scientific reason you're an ass is because you assumed.
that's controlling behavior and not ok.
you can also get a manager involved.
you're then free and clear of her for the rest of your life.
just because he has other obligations doesnt mean he doesnt care about the anniversary, it just means he has prior obligations.
i do think  because i know personally how frustrating it is when someone makes a mess and doesn’t clean it, and then claims something like “i was goin g to”, “i forgot”, or “i didn’t realize”.
, just by this short post i can tell you have a wide passive-aggressive streak.
kids make things up and wear things they think are interesting or cool.
that's just weak reasoning to make yourself feel better.
but not because you admitted you were talking about her.
i know it wasn't intentional, but you were still the asshole there.
listen to yourself, worrying about what you are comfortable with her wearing.
quit the job so that those people can actually feel comfortable asking for help when they're already in tough spots.
congrats on making someone else’s illness about you!
any of these options would have been less awkward and more beneficial
the purpose of gift-giving isn't to get a gift worth the same amount of dollars in return, giving a gift is about expressing love.
parents have been making fun of teenager's style since the beginning of time.
so, yes, i'm sure it was beneficial to those in the family who were hardest hit.
didn't mean to come off as mean, but i can't think of a good reason to tell him how you feel about this
that girl was definitely too rude to you back in the day, but, come on man she was 15 at the time.
how the fuck is that acceptable.
and yes, maybe everyone was afraid that you'd react in a bad way to this.
they leave to partake in a church activity for a few minutes and they "abandoned" you?
do your current wife, cps and the state know about your past - both the abuse and abandoning your kid?
oh, and the husband is a cheating cheater who cheats.
you should reach out first and apologize; it sounds like you have a good relationship, and you don’t want to start the new year on a bad note.
take your dog to the vet, now.
you're only 28 you have plenty of time to have a baby but you're acting like you're in your 40s.
keep covering stuff and let her live her life a grown woman can decide if she’s responsible or irresponsible with her money on her own.
they typically sleep in and go to a later mass, which was why i fell back asleep.
a joke is when everyone involved has a laugh.
which, at least right now, she's not.
even if you think you're right about something and that someone else is wrong, it's never a bad idea to apologize.
do you really need to ask reddit?
throwing up a lot, being lethargic, and refusing to eat are all signs that a serious health issue could arise.
> i needed to hear some words that actually helped me to trust that i can go away without a distraction causing a big issue what would those words be?
either act like it or give him up so he can find a better home.
- sorry you have an injury- it sounds awful!- but they're right that you could have at least texted: "so sorry guys!
if the modern man is gonna expect girls to be upfront with consent and acting in good faith moving forward, you gotta meet em half way.
that makes you an asshole regardless of what that dealbreaker is (i personally have the same one, but that’s not why i’m giving the verdict)
it is up to cps to decide what happens with these kids.
it's difficult to tell people who have power over you (managers in this case) that they make you uncomfortable or do something you don't like so the fact that the majority of your staff didn't like this should be taken relatively seriously.
no need to be a smart ass, just say yes.
"please don't touch me and stop doing that" but some people struggle with confrontation.
you say you have different capacities for work, but then who is supposed to pick up your slack.
maybe just try wrapping up your convos a bit earlier if this is a trend.
i hope it all works out with charlie.
there are also other reasons why it may be urinating all over the place.
private jokes between friends are private.
- for straight up ignoring them.
he's trying to make things more fair.
i say let her stay but give her a deadline to get out and cut her off completely otherwise.
neither of you thought to call his phone until he answered or the police first to find out if he was okay?
start there and i almost guarantee things will get better.
that makes you the asshole in that instance.
if you go through with this not only are , but you are an idiot.
otherwise you shouldn’t be having sex.
, i honestly think you are both the asshole for not taking your personal health seriously.
remember, he's sharing what he believes to be true and valuable knowledge.
as long as no issues arise during the party.
- and oh my good god are you a fucked up individual.
you entire post is just a list of you being an asshole ending with the biggest asshole point.
i swear to god, sometimes it feels like guys think having a baby is like taking a poop.
yes, if you hide or throw away his property .
don't call people names they don't want to be called.
you were living in the household and it's absolutely your responsibility to pitch in and pick up dishes, take out garbage etc.
a simple conversation of why you felt disrespected, instead of being passive-aggressive, would go a long way to making things return back to normal.
it's playful and silly and he finds it cute.
if you’re uncomfortable with her calling you homophobic then maybe don’t make jokes like that and you won’t be called so 🤷‍♀️
you should be mad at the masseuse and i would encourage you to reach out to his employer.
but leaving him out to just fend for himself.
you're upset that your father had sent you money, but not to you directly?
from your account, it doesn’t sound like you were polite in how you interrupted the officer.
the longer they go without reopening, the less likely it is they ever will.
he may be communicating his need for additional support and connection from and with people he cares about in the only way he knows how.
however, by non engaging, you are creating more labor for your wife because now she has to deal with responding to your parents’ nagging.
get over yourself and leave the poor kid alone.
because what do you even want him to do at this point?
when it’s your turn to complain she needs to leave her issues behind for a minute and listen to you.
further, theres costs associated with breast i.e.
your wife was busy and asked you to talk later.
have you taken the time to ever really get to know the girl or do you just dislike her because he chose to spend more time with her than with you guys?
i’m a kiwi and i know they aren’t making a cent on your rent after covering your expenses.
you've crossed the line into creepy stalker territory - knock it off.
i can’t even be on the autism spectrum without being called an incel.
do you know what a hate crime is?
even if you felt like he wouldn’t come you should have still invited him.
you *listed* her flaws to her face?!
but, she shouldn’t of thrown you out just because you corrected her.
but you need to let go of this need.
she isn't asking you to do anything besides stand with her and support her in a time of need.
also, you are a moron if you mess with this lady.
they aren't being incestuous so your jealousy is misplaced.
you're an adult and still thought it was appropriate to tell a minor that they wouldn't amount to anything.
those are only ~300 calories and have almost 0 vitamins/minerals.
- if ron swanson can eat a piece of fruit for the woman he loves, you can do it for the woman and children you love.
>i volunteered to take paternity leave for a month or so and she said thats a “dumb idea”.
don't string her a long just cause you enjoy her company now but know you are going to eventually end it one day.
if i was in her position, i’d be so confused.
he is an asshole for calling you those horrible names.
> >for me, when i was growing up i had a pretty hard time getting a date.
if this isn't a shp then i feel bad for people around you.
the more instability this kid has in her life, the more she will be prone to making poor decisions.
you're high school teacher, many students look up to you and take your word very seriously.
i'm a professional chef and this is the first time i've heard of that association, so it's not very common.
if you have to ask if being arrogant makes you an asshole you may as well just ask if being bad is bad.
, but it's just because you're in a tough situation and you're young.
he didn’t “basically throw him”, he dropped him so he wouldn’t have more giant chunks of flesh bitten out.
you fill his one day off with a bunch of shit he told you he didn't want to do on thursday.
he said he would prefer to talk in his room and i'm sure we all understand what he was implying.
you start out your whole post by describing how your dog doesn’t do well around new people and what do you do?
that statement is fucked up on several levels.
your normal daily routine is you taking her to work and the kids to school.
if you would have maybe gone and had a conversation like a civilized human being instead of just yelling your displeasure....you'd probably not be $20 down in this situation.
not sharing in that circumstance makes you a selfish asshole
have a mature conversation about your finances and goals.
after the subaru went and you started to pull up to the sign the right of way starts over from the beginning, where you are expected to come to a full stop and wait for anyone else who has come to a full stop before you to proceed through the intersection.
- you need to seek additional/different therapy for this.
it seems like there might be some sibling rivalry going on.
you guys need to meet in the middle and have a real talk about why a dinner that should have been a nice surprise was such a disaster for you both.
i don’t understand how someone else’s monogamous relationship is any of your concern.
you basically said : oh, my father has no right to be mad i seemed to enjoy his misfortune.
>my best friend at the time stopped wanting to hang out with him because she didn’t feel like it and he kept asking me what was wrong with her and this that etc.
she's an adult trying to go to school, which is hard.
i told the attendant to watch my cart while i chased behind them to give them their bag.
not to mention, leaving people on read especially in a professional setting is disrespectful.
you wanting one matters less because she is the one who may die in childbirth and can't continue with her education for a long time.
you're sending a message to your daughter that you're too good for "that part of town."
you're also an asshole for trying to get petty revenge by damaging one of her items.
if you expect them to reimburse you for the upgrade.
look, i get that it's annoying (my fiance does the same thing), however there are better ways to ask him to stop than snapping at him, especially if you haven't said anything about this before.
if i were your friend, i’d be pissed.
promised (can’t stress that word enough) to not cheat, and 3.
you had no right to make a move like that without asking first.
- pretty much every reason you listed.
he needs to stop but yelling that this is the reason he has no friends is below the belt
other than that again, not your business!
you shouldn’t care what new army he wants to do.
only thing i’ll say about your gf is that she should make it clear before you order that she’s not in a position to split the bill.
, she shouldn't have made you wait for so long, but that's not a reason to deprive her of her cat.
you are nineteen and you have the misogyny of a bitter fifty-year-old who's always been a dick and blames women for seeing it.
i hope you’re not chucking it in the garbage - you could donate that or give it to someone less fortunate.
also for calling anyone a slut.
purely because it sounds like you're upset that your friend didn't reciprocate the feelings you had for her, but now you're more upset because she's friends with someone else that she can also confide in?
here’s why: your body experiences the same physiological symptoms when presented with any type a “traumatic” situation.
why tf are you mad at her?
what would you do if she told you she was staring at a hot guy from school that she can see every day, but not you?
resent your shitty family, not the guy caught in the crossfire.
i get why you reacted that way, and i think most people would have acted the same way - you were annoyed and angry, and done with their shit - but that doesn't make it ok.
i assume you love your husband.
this is a classic example of an invasion of privacy.
and holy hell there's a lot to unpack here.
you could’ve asked your bf if he was comfortable with it before agreeing to it.
that's toxic behavior you don't need.
info are you solely staying because of the money?
do you know if sarah really told jennifer you two stayed in touch, or if that was jennifer lying again?
and in the end, you can still do your makeup vids.
- you expect *them* to take personal responsibility for *your* vape clouds?
there is no reason not to.
he's trying to follow the law, and you are trying to convince him to break the law because you don't want to be in the car for two minutes longer.
it would be different if he loved working out but hadn't got a membership yet, but its literally his birthday.
i know firsthand how much effort it takes to dm and organize a campaign with multiple people, and i can’t imagine any scenario in which that would matter if my mom were too weak to take care of herself and needed my help.
&#x200b; plus, "let" her be a bridesmaid.
you kicked your friend in the head and gave him a concussion.
, though this doesn't quite fit.
then on top of that they did listen to you with her being there only 3 days a week.
being the bigger person and shaking it off is always the right thing to do.
holy fuck man, what is wrong with you?
\> next written assessment comes around and we had to study articles, both articles were about feminism and women’s rights, absolutely nothing reasonable to write about them, yet again feminist pupils seem to get good grades.
being with the dog while he/she is being put to sleep is literally the least you could do for him/her.
i think what he wanted to hear was “thanks for telling me that and trusting me.
" just to call her to see how she's doing " not sure why you think she would welcome this kind of intrusive behavior?
- it sounds exactly like you are playing favorites with absolutely no warning.
- she is an adult and if she wants to be lazy…that's her choice.
there is no reason for you to try to prevent him from attending other than for manipulative control.
it wasn’t cool of him to publicly give away your gift, and giving him a bit of grief about it after isn’t unexpected.
you did guilt-trip the shit out of your gf after saying “you’d support her whatever she chose”.
this is exactly the situation i would expect someone close to me to laugh at especially if i was talking a big game just before it.
private schools are of course going to be able to be more intensive - they tend to have smaller class sizes and more individual help.
you were invited to emotionally support your girlfriend.
you were being a bad group member, personal problems aside.
she is being vulnerable and asking for you to help with something very personal, that she may feel a lot of shame about.
like you could've said in random conversations "i hate how people celebrate with streamers and confetti because it's so bad for the environment." i'm sure they'd get the message - if they even cared to get that stuff in the first place.
however if you are older than 16  and should learn to make your own food and cook for yourself that should eliminate the problem.
this is what you signed up for when you said "i do", and that means taking the good with the bad and including her in your vacation plans.
but it's pretty apparent his faith is what's keeping him going on the streets.
i've definitely had friends see something in my fridge i was saving for later and ask for some.
not even a card is cold.
obviously you have the right to feel however you feel about it but ultimately her body her choice and if people don’t like how she presents herself they should avert their gaze.
- but you sound like a stalker.
if you knew your dog was in heat, you should’ve kept extra watch on her and not let her out of your sight especially if you didn’t want her to get impregnated.
i think it should be obvious to you that eating 3/4ths of the box before she even had a chance to eat them was definitely a dick move.
there are a few avenues you could have gone down, but you decided to take the nuclear route and get him fired.
you are not only an asshole, but an awful friend and a pretty unpleasant person.
stand up for yourself without losing your shit.
- it's one effin night, dude.
you're sleeping with a married man.
- sure, i believe that she's toxic, but responding it that manner is extremely dangerous, op.
i think she is reacting a bit strongly, but i don't know the wider context of your relationship.
i don't think you were an asshole for trying to warn her about the potential dangers of meeting with anyone you don't know very well.
you should have removed yourself from the situation far quicker than you did.
on the other hand, it was uncalled for to publically humiliate her in your office.
, you guys got into a stupid argument
also it's a little off that you seemingly have mentioned in to multiple people years after it's happened.
not for not being impressed, but just for making this post.
how many semesters will it take you to graduate?
fuck off, that's some 'white names are default, other names need justification' bullshit.
, you need to have more faith in your husband.
his parents could have stepped up and worked with him.
it's a kid who wanted to see a parade, dude.
you don't owe him your friendship.
if you don't want to participate in this social compact -- *which is perfectly fine and something that i embrace myself with most of my acquaintances/friends* -- you should make that known.
get a taxi, walk, ride a bike, whatever you have to do to make sure you, as a grown adult (i'm assuming) get to your place of work on time.
if it's terminal, put up a gofundme or find the adult version of make-a-wish and take the trip that way.
don’t want awkward sex with a virgin?
it sounds like he wants to see you.
you chose to ignore this in the name of ‘truth’ when really it was in the name of being a dick.
you flashing your highbeams at someone who has already been affected by your overly bright lights could blind them further and cause an accident.
the non-asshole way is to communicate the impending rent, stagger the increase over time.
she does not deserve that just because she did something you didn't like when ya weren't together.
you can get it on amazon and some pet stores.
reporting a harmless name change (i'm assuming they aren't actually impersonating another person, but reflecting some joke or meme or something) seems the definition of petty, even if nothing comes of it.
i mean what if she had finished the request, you don't have the money for it.
any time you decide another human being is "less than human".
your grandpa should have checked their teeth , to maybe see which one did it.
you can think whatever you like (and majority agrees with you) but don’t be the passive aggressive jerk.
also, if your dog is leashed, why is it pooping between bushes?
you're being an asshole by not caring at all about how she feels.
, not for wanting her to take leave - but for saying it to the room at large when she wasn’t there.
btw,  for how you talk about girls.
at least give it a go before shooting her down.
i'm starting to notice a trend here......
although i believe you and you meant well, i wouldn't blame her for leaving.
tell him to never use you as his alibi again.
also, you didn't have to tell her that it was the same as your banking!
don't hold back waiting for her to find someone else.
you can say nicely that you don't really like that as you know people that have been kidnapped, but saying it rules her out as a babysitter etc is an overreaction.
you suck too for being petty and doing that.
by that i mean everyone's sixteen here.
imo, there is a way to approach this that is respectful of both your and your wife’s beliefs (or lack thereof).
it is perfectly legal to work on a house at 8:30am.
and by the way, she thinks you’re funny therefor she must be in love with you?
it is your car, and if someone else smashed it your insurance should cover that.
your aunt and uncle have been kind enough to allow this and then you went to china without telling anyone until asked.
your ex is being stalkerish but that isn't unusual.
she clearly wants to see your mom during this time and i think it was really respectful of her to make sure you asked before she came.
you may not love the choice she made, but if you love her, then you build her up, not tear her down by calling her stupid.
the false happiness she feels because she doesn't know her boyfriend is a cheating piece of slime?
relationships are hard work and require 2-way communication: something i suspect you never learned much about or inquired regarding.
you both need to grow up or move on.
i have news for you, most women want an average sized dick.
you should be able to make your self successful without relying on someone else.
what happened definitely doesn't sound ok, but she's young and didn't realise that what was happening was abnormal.
for being a bad friend and for being a 27 year old trying to get with a 20 year old who has a boyfriend.
maybe take her to the hospital and then worry about the dogs?
driving her home would've been safer particularly because she was inebriated.
sneak in just before the lights go down, and out just as quickly.
you're going to have to accept that this friendship might not work out.
be happy she is taking an interest in things you like.
although you're uncomfortable with the fact that it's lingerie, it's still her best friend's birthday party.
if the answer is yes, the problem isn't her, it's you.
now, i don’t buy this whole deal of collective white guilt.
...here's what it comes down to.
in this case, that something would be calling the game a draw or incomplete.
maybe he never mentioned it before bc, as you said, you’re on a tight budget for “toys” and he didn’t think it was an option.
i get where you’re coming from, but ultimately it is their car and they can make the rules on it.
it’s neglecting your role to use personal feelings in a competition which is solely based on the answers they are giving you
you signed it off twice and saw a similar unit in person.
, just get ready earlier, damn.
there's still hiding going on, and having a socially acceptable so doesn't change that part.
if your friends have two eyes they'll see the situation for what it is, didn't need you bad mouthing her as well.
punishment is supposed to make you look back and reflect on what you did, and to encourage you to not do it again.
but to expect to have these game nights in their home, where their baby lives, and make an issue of their baby...yeah, that seems like you're the asshole.
for continuing to bring up a sore subject.
- that was such a small thing, and pretty self-centered too.
i'm sure a 19 year old isn't going to be interested in having a 30 year old women (who's not her mom) controlling her as if she's a toddler.
isn’t it possible that the kind of people that are attracted to reddit are the kind of people that are susceptible to (or already have) depression?
it’s fine if you want to live with your dad, though.
you sound very bitter and maybe are trying to find a way to deflect.
- you can feel however you want and he can date whoever he wants.
the nicu \*is\* the walk in the park, because of the aforementioned help of the nurses.
or wait later in the day.
hell, this could literally end your marriage.
your anger issues are yours to manage.
you handled this all wrong and you're being super crazy.
it can be crippling pain that could keep you from going to school/work, it could involve passing out, it could involve really bad diarrhea.
>however, i also figured that what i do is my own business not when you have roommates.
you missed out on a fun date with your girlfriend for no reason, and prevented her from going to a new place she was excited to try.
he also has made his feelings perfectly clear.
you wouldn’t consider a bottle of diet pills an acceptable birthday gift for yourself, would you?
you’re 16 so you won’t understand.
you don't 'let' her do anything.
either respect the management or don't go back.
he's genuinely becoming interested in something you like.
also try not to judge, he's made amazing progress.
3) you're fortunate you have a degree.
don't tell people about your sex dreams.
i've learned it's best to let that up to other people.
i don't think you're an asshole?
there's absolutely nothing wrong with not having children your self, or even avoiding events where there might be a lot of children present.
for how you responded dating preferences are fine, but that doesn’t mean you get to be a dick about someone having one
she was stressed with a sick child and called because she needed help.
the guy is trying to change, and most likely it's for your sake.
big, big time, primarily for driving while high.
i think it's going to depend on why you're shocked.
m says it saves time to pick at random.
this is the kind of dispute that’s already ridiculous when i hear it from my 13/16 year-old siblings, let alone two grown adults.
you seems to have been deliberately combative here.
if you don't want to hang out with him, fine.
imagine giving someone a free sample of something, waiting for them to start enjoying it and then asking for it back.
he tried to connect and you rejected him, now he's moving on with his life.
maybe the owner has contacted them and the person can pick it up from you.
if you had an issue with it, you should have taken it to hr or something - not called it out like this.
the drama you cause by cutting her out of the wedding will likely be way worse than any annoying narcissistic thing she does.
it sounds like you have fun toying around them if you are not interested in paying back don't trouble the phone operator atleast he is only trying to do his job.
i don't know if it would be hurtful or insulting to your manager, but the chances are more than zero, and you don't need to do it.
so honestly, this is  because your body your rules and his body his rules.
did you throw her phone on the floor?
you planned this out even though you knew he didn’t fully understand.
all you’re doing is spreading more hate, more distrust and more ugliness.
she cares about you as a friend with no agenda.
not only for repeatedly expecting your girlfriend to be bit by an aggressive dog, but also prioritizing an aggressive dog over a human relationship and safety.
disinfecting wipes aren't magic nor are they a quarantine.
, there's nicer ways to end a conversation than a sarcastic response like that.
you already know you were an asshole.
also (and this may just be a midwest/eastcost thing) just ignore the crazy homeless people, it works far better than confrontation.
i seriously picture a bunch of older kids picking on a younger one.
it's never easy to control your emotions in tense situations like this, but unless you've exhausted all your options and the other party is physically attacking you, it's never a good idea to resort to violence.
point 3: they just moved into a new house together, and are having a baby together, but your brother still hasn't put a ring on it?
but what's done is done and no use sweating a little bit of internet drama, there's bigger issues in the world than an internet meme.
you don't have to approve of her choices, but you do have to respect her.
but you don't have to stay that way.
half the bills for pretty much full use of the house?
you don't need your mother there to support your "mental stress".
in other words expect people to be fucking stupid.
confirm all her worst fears and signal her worry was valid, which is not really helpful to her in the long-run.
you don't drop friendships if they're innocent.
neither of you should be in relationships if this is how you resolve conflict.
your girlfriend is 100% within her right to be angry at you.
having a "dark" sense of humor isn't an excuse for being an asshole.
i feel sorry for her husband.
you both probably need a vacation, and even though her timing sucks...she’s allowed to be happy for a moment and so is her family.
that being said i understand wanting your dad at your wedding regardless.
>that last bit made me upset and i texted her afterwards asking what the problem was and said that this wasn’t some game where she runs away and i immediately go chasing after her.
think about if you needed a new organ, like needed it for continued survival and the doctor comes in and says, “you’re on the waiting list but it’ll probably be about a year before we could get to you.” there is a good chance you would die before the year is out.
it was one of the first things you said.
put on clothes each time you leave your room or simply be a nudist when they aren’t there.
it just sounds petty and detrimental to me.
there’s a mature and immature way to do things, you chose the immature one.
that would have solved your problems right there, you keep the twins together.
the arrogance i see in this post is not helpful for a productive conversation.
the fact that you had never even met in person just makes it weirder.
however, i could be wrong on what your sister assumed.
for blatantly showing favoritism and disregarding them as drama seeking when they have a valid jealousy.
you’re effectively at their beck and call.
but also tell the person that they shouldn't wear it if you believe they don't know.
you said yourself it's not relationship breaking, so don't make it so.
certainly, if he is having trouble making this decision he won't want to be convinced by that group that he should keep playing.
i can understand that you’re a teenager and want space, but it’s two nights at a hotel.
also, while i understand you might not be as close to your mum, the reason your dad could stay home & you had the opportunity to build a relationship with him is because of the sacrifices your mum made.
if she's actually cheating on you, then the very last thing she'll want to do is put the notion in your head.
though, there's no reason you can't work with them.
also your project sounds exactly like a million other super “deep” art school projects so idk how you’re gonna call anyone else’s work “uninspired”
i would drop hints, however, that you are okay with him being gay, to maybe help encourage him in coming out sooner.
she probably feels pressure to always be the one doing the driving on the weekends(and during the week also!!), and maybe would feel guilty admitting she just wants to be lazy and stay home (presenting her family as an excuse, though it's fully possible they really are oppressive).
i don't know any ages here or really what style of relationships you have with these people.
- y'all are well off white people who are trying to support their creative dreams and chose to live in a poor, probably overworked hispanic neighborhood and you don't see the problem with that...?
if she didn't understand what it feels like to be that down, then yeah, saying you're overly dramatic seems like a natural way to playfully poke fun at you.
to preface, let me say good on you for giving it your best effort to form a good relationship with your step-daughter, i wish my step-dad had given any kind of shit about me.
for trespassing, not for throwing rocks.
- your wife could have been more clear about what to expect.
and i’m going to make some assumptions here but you made it sound like your date asked you to go and you agreed.
if you’ve been together for eight years and know that you put a lot of monetary value on experiences, you should have been saving for that experience during those eight years.
honestly when it turns to purposely trying to hurt each other, might be best to end the friendship.
- only request a reference from someone you'd be willing to reciprocate for.
that's so pathological and messed up, it must be like...
i've worked with a broken pelvis.
the way you worded it just makes it sound like: “i carefully analyze each one of my gf’s friends to determine if they’re worthy of stepping into my grand household,” rather than: “i hang out with my gf’s friends and if they act poorly i don’t invite them over anymore.”
paying you directly is a little dysfunctional.
different parts of this are  and .
it’s not his job or anyone else’s to pick up your mess.
it's no different than playing a bluetooth speaker or otherwise causing noise pollution in a public space.
but since you said you and your friends all copy from each other, and made copying a norm, not letting her feels like an asshole move.
when you have a problem with something that a child is doing, *use your words,* not your fists.
if she is working and has her own retirement, a judge would most likely not grant her some of yours.
you invite a couple as a social unit.
it's none of your fucking business.
if you think you acted like an adult, you're wrong.
it's on you to apologize, take full responsibility and make your son in law/daughter whole as far as the truck goes.
your concerns about your girlfriend getting ‘snatched off the street’ are a little ridiculous.
they want to hang out with people who make them feel valued.
couldn’t one of you go to the store to get another chicken breast?
in the time it's taken you to be an ass about this to her, she could have just shown you where everything was, or the two of you could have re-reorganized the room together.
only because i think friend a and friend b got swapped in there.
- based on your comments below, as very little actual useful information is given in your post.
imagine a kid watching cartoons on a ipad for 3 hours at full volume.
she's trying to do what she can for a good cause.
you also pointed out the more selfish things you wanted, like milk to soften your bread?
if you actually want her to get help, find a counselor who specializes in gender identity issues and send her there.
and forcing her into a life of quiet desperation and resentment is not the answer.
i don't know what she's done, you haven't expanded much on it, but i'll take your word for it.
why is this such a problem?
it's a normal bodily function (and actually very common during sex) and something that happened by accident and was clearly embarrassing for her, which you then made 100 times worse by how you reacted.
>i think i was within my rights you are wrong.
do you know the effect this could have on the man’s family whether he really is illegal or not?
you can't just expect her to change who she usually hangs out with because you sobered up (congrats tho btw).
you probably also should have told your girlfriend that you went to meet up with your ex, and you definitely should tell her that she kissed you at said meeting - regardless of if you kissed back or not.
and she got food shipped from home and you ate nearly all of it?
this is sexual assault by definition.
>i also don't want to limit myself to looking for work near her because there's not as much there, so i'm looking around back home.
if you are only her friend so that you could date her, you are not her friend.
that money was to ease her financial burden in taking care of you.
if you want to experience the game as a noob thats fine but they have already done that.
based on your description of events, and your post history, i’m going to tell you that you’re probably not straight.
i'd recommend sitting her down and telling her in person soon if you want any shot of salvaging the friendship.
it's time you started supporting yourself.
you'd already proved your point and got him to back down prior to that.
- she's an asshole for unnecessarily slapping the mentos out of your hand.
it's a pheromone that is calming.
it is his choice whether he wants to go out with her not yours and if he has decided he doesnt want to then that is fine.
you need to apologise, and agree that neither of you talks about your sos with each other.
she's mad you took performing enhancing drugs.
it's your in-law's money and your husband is right in saying that they can spend it however they see fit.
dude had better things to do
i don't care how much of a "snarky cunt" you are, you don't make a tasteless joke like that at a goddamn funeral.
- for alcohol abuse just since the beginning of school.
as others have said, your heart is in the right place, but .
- you aren't "covering for her while she's gone"; she left and they are your chores now.
why is your leg room more important than someone else being able to store their luggage?
however, you need to learn that sex does *not* just revolve around your dick.
you have a right to smoke, but you do not have a right to disturb others around you.
this post is like you're bragging about your brothers suffering.
trying to drown out the original point of european settlers being shitty is a subtle (and i’m sure, on your part, subconscious) form of justification for their actions.
there’s nothing that indicates to me that she cheated on you with him when you were together.
if he's using this as an excuse for a vacation and it's a pattern, then you're , although i think working out a compromise would give you the answer to that.
it sounds like your mother is checking into hospice and this is an incredibly difficult time.
for not being honest and assertive.
if you're adult enough to loan out money you should be adult enough to text/call/see your friend and directly ask them 'hey when are you going to pay me back?'
tell me if what i gathered from this jumbled mess is right: your dad said he was going to give you $150, you screwed up but fixed it right away, so he sent the money to your mom so she could give it to you.
&#x200b; with that said, you've made mistakes and there isn't any way to turn the clock back on them.
turning off the tv was rude.
"she knows i don't like she is in social media without my supervision," like wtf, helicopter much?
those children were not the ones that bullied you.
if he supports you and you need that, then keep seeing him.
, but i think this is far too complicated for a simple judgement.
she may now be dealing with feelings of embarrassment if she already told people that her boyfriend didn't want to go with her, or if she did a dumb thing and lied about the reason you weren't going, now she has to deal with that.
seven year olds make noise and that is just a fact.
even if your autistic you perfectly understood what you are doing to her.
3 children by 22 is messed up.
what she needs is help and support.
also, at least target your schadenfreude a little better.
comparing him to hitler obviously hit a nerve.
i ask because i’m leaning towards .
if the latter, that's embarrassing to have happen to you and it can be quite emasculating.
for fornite will be there when you get back
you humiliated her to placate your cowardice.
we commonly encounter annoying and inconsiderate people.
if you're in a good (or at least not desperate) situation, you have the luxury of weighing all of your options and picking the one best suited for long-term success.
you pulled yourself out of the social group, and now are not only resentful of the fact that they don’t include you as often, you’ve taken to criticize and complain to them about it.
what is this need to hate and gossip on everyone?
your bf doesn't have to take you out every single day and if he wants to have the occasional get together with his friends then he should be allowed without judgement from you or your family.
that's what a deposit is for >we are all working professionals and i don’t see this stressing anyone out financially.
i had my brother living with me and my husband for a year.
you're being an asshole to yourself and selling your own life short.
what are you hoping to achieve by telling her that it is a fake?
i'd also recommend seeing a therapist you're only able to get it up when thinking of rape or violence.
it's not nearly that simple, at all.
she definitely doesnt have to notify everyone she isn't inviting "out of respect" wtf
, just make plans that don’t involve the baby.
yeah, that’s pretty thin ice to make jokes about disability.
and people lie to psychology professionals all the time because they’re afraid of what may happen if they tell the truth, which can affect the results of obtaining a diagnosis.
however, i wish she had gotten up, or something that made a bit more of a statement rather than holding hands so that you weren't touching her breasts.
i'm sure she'll be appreciative of it later.
and no, your friend didn’t know these messages wouldn’t result in a break up because what if your brothers gf retaliated thinking it was real and it set off an actual argument?
they let you know they were uncomfortable and then you put them in the further awkward position of choosing the flavors of something they were uncomfortable with you giving them.
if you led her to believe you were actually interested in dating when you knew she liked you, but you weren't and just wanted to fuck, then  i don't think having sex with someone you know likes you romantically, when you don't like them in that way, is a good idea.
a friend wants to reconnect with you but you're too scared of spoilers.
i would hate to have a salesman do this to me.
if you wanna be nice, you can choose to be nice; if you want money for something, you have to make all parties know exactly what you expect and get them to agree.
when she originally just wanted to spend time with you and decorate for christmas.
but cutting them out of your life completely makes you the asshole.
saying “shut up” during a serious conversation is incredibly rude.
half of their school work is online, and so is their social life.
> finally, after she tries to bring it up for a fourth time, i blow up at her.
this is done all the time and is not a big deal, at all!
she’s likes the shoes and they are loud.
"holding me back from doing what i want to do" your boyfriend is doing the mature, responsible thing by saving his money for the future, and you're mad because he doesn't want to go on a vacation that would take a bite out of his savings?
i hope you (and everybody else in this hot mess story) grows up and learns to be a bit nicer
you’re not obligated to give people money but...
maybe that plan involves high school and maybe it doesn't, but you sure as fuck don't make that plan by refusing to talk to anyone or even address the situation.
has he used all his sick time?
you could also explicitly say “no offers, or firm price” in the ad.
how in the hell do you get kicked out of planet fitness?
i'm sure she would've acted very differently if she knew you were staring at the edge of a cliff in your running car.
most people i know who use "fake names" (it's usually a nickname or similar to their real name, maybe their middle name or mums maiden name or something) do it either because they work somewhere where they don't want clients to find their name, or may be even obliged to be difficult/impossible to find on social media for their safety, or to protect themselves from stalkers, abusive exes, family members who may use their posts against them (e.g.
>i'm the first person in my family to graduate university.
just apologize and say you didn't know.
you kept poking the grizzly bear.
- you also might want to consider the reason that he gestured aggressively was because it's normal where they are to let children do this and he couldn't understand why you were stopping him.
> i've been reading that i might even get a job there dude, what good does that do you if you're dying?
you had a rough childhood and she was supportive.
but i'll give you a call once i'm back, kay?"
you don't know what's going on inside their brain.
but you sound like one of those "whaaaa i never did anything but provide for you" type of dads, which means you're probably an asshole and don't care/realize it.
i get that you're attempting to try and cut tensions with the bride, but as many of the wedding threads here on this subreddit, a wedding ultimately is about the bride.
company leadership that care about safety are likely doing a lot of things, maybe you just don’t see them.
you sound like a choosy beggar that was extremely rude of you.
your girlfriend was absolutely wrong to throw away food you made like that.
if so, you have unilaterally changed the pre-conceived notions of how you would raise your child, and that is not cool.
fb clearly wasn't comfortable, and yeah he may have been a bit over the line, but you took it way, way too far.
the way you went about it?
just keep your preferences to yourself, because having preferences is fine.
i'm sure your friends already planned who would be part of what group, what they would do the day of, etc.
you're not his doctor or his boss.
that might make you less of an asshole.
the vast majority of your post has nothing to do with the actual issue, it's just pointless.
merely rearranging it to allow for more stuff to fit is okay.
i'm going to say  because of the disparity in how you treat the two dogs.
just because you didn't anticipate such a backlash for it doesn't make you less of ta.
did you think you were taking advantage of her?
you're better off going another round with him and say how important it is for you to get a dog--and how badly you want one.
you had plans with her already!
at least he recognized it was something to work on.
possibly you've been overly vague and there's more to why you take issue with him than we get from your story, in which case info.
possibly resurface the idea for her to move to the other room in a constructive manner.
he needs to learn to do this by himself and he needs a girl that will gel with his awkwardness.
but he gets to choose how he spends his time, not you.
as for whether or not you \*have\* to apologize, that’s up to you.
it's actually made her infertile and while we've come to terms with that and happily foster, it would have been nice to have the option to have biological children as well.
you are a complete asshole for doing that.
he was a dick to you, and apologized.
not for not wanting to raise your grandkids but for being so incredibly brutal to excited parents to be, who made a joke.
, but that's high school for you.
you've been pretty dismissive of her this whole time.
either pay for a dog sitter or pay to board them.
he gets a pass for an outburst because he is ill and its a dickish situation to be put in.
consider asking them if you could give the gifts at a later date at a time when the kids have shown to improve their behavior, and they can make up a story saying santa saw that they had improved their behavior and decided to get them the gifts after all.
i’ll never let a cat outside again unless i for some miracle live on a barn
, but not a bad person and didn't really do anything wrong, feel the room i guess.
it's group chat, she's in it.
what do you warn people when you're about to cheat?
this is more about how important his very justified feelings are (or are not) to you.
how do you know how your dad sent it?
you are only able to foster because you moved to another country.
he’s an asshole if he legitimately ashed in your car and he’s an asshole for smoking near his kids
while it is entirely possible that she avoided work intentionally, it may be possible that it was unintentional.
you are showing a tendency to be in the role of the needy one, and she is understandably pulling away.
instead you need to express what happens to you while doing that, and why you think that it isn't an updated business model.
i didn't make excuses about where i came from.
surely they had a website with the menu and prices.
just because a project for a class has real-world impact doesn't mean you're entitled to anything beyond the grade.
are you going to be disgusted whenever she mentions having period cramps?
she for begin entitled, but as a driver you have to yield to pedestrians no matter how stupid they are.
also, if anyone at your wedding posts pictures with the 'friends of friends' or 'public' setting, your ex will be able to see them anyway--so this whole thing could end up a moot point.
your parents are free to cut off your brother and his baby mama financially.
obviously he was being an asshole for some unknown reason.
your intentions are to take advantage of his skills without asking his permission, so of course he is going to think your extra attention means you are interested in him.
so you're asking if you're an asshole for habitually stiffing people on tips just because you "don't think much of it," and also assuming "foreign" people are going to spit in your food at a higher rate than native english speakers?
maybe if you'd asked your boyfriend about it before hand and explained that it was just to laugh at the profiles it would've been okay.
that's just disrespectful and completely unnecessary.
you asked if you could come, then bailed.
she sucks for not taking care of things that don't belong to her and for driving when she clearly can't drive safely.
seems to me like maybe you do have a problem controlling your anger, did anything happen before the speech that ticked you off?
he sounds like a great guy who just had a better opportunity in another band.
so give them their day and use the other days of the year to promote yourself.
in addition to this, it could very well be painful for him.
it's a terrible thing and hard to swallow, but you're emotional attachment to it was clouding your judgment.
two hours in the bathroom is excessive but nowhere in your story did you mention communicating to your roommate that you needed to use the bathroom.
my condolences and i hope you get well better!
let your wife sit by the window once in awhile.
you've been told how much you owe, pay him.
i would have given her time and if she was still gripping two years later then say "get over it"
keep it away from bushes if you have to.
this is immature and harmful to both of you.
>aita for not supporting my bastard brother?
while it's very exciting for you that you'll be doing a gender reveal, the world does not and cannot revolve around your pregnancy.
she sucks for obvious reasons, but you also suck for being petty.
you should absolutely have at least one suit in your wardrobe.
ghosting someone you’ve been intimate with or acted interested in is really unfair.
tell him what *does* work for you.
if their are 2 young children involved your wife has had to give up her career to look after them and sacrifice her career so you can have one.
you could always enroll in another semester, granted it would be.
is it the answer to "our prayers" or just yours?
when you crave taco bell man, it's like craving a drug.
and, if the comments were 50/50 against and defending you, that tells me that even after you researched racism you did not alter an apology.
and sometimes people get really into a message.
you knew all this and knew why she was having issues, and still wouldn't shell out $2 for food for her?
it’s a close call, but if i was your sister, i would’ve assumed that making it official saying you’ll both have a sibling in uni means you’ve committed.
the thing is i didn’t realize it until a year after we were together.
as a side note, maybe the game isn't as luck-based as you claim if you have a losing streak that goes back "several months".
not doing so would be like going to your doctor, getting prescribed medicines but not taking them because ", i know what's best for me!" if you're so concerned about the advice received, maybe go to a different vet to hear a second opinion, but don't just ignore that
i don't blame her for being hurt or angry, and you deserve some backlash.
meaning you feel you must buy her attention or paying entitles you to her time.
if he abused her, then .
>my problem is that a teacher should never share let alone push his political opinion onto impressionable students, especially an opinion as dangerous as this.
she comes to you crying because someone is threatening to distribute her photos and you get mad at her?
you really didn't take your dad's personal situation into consideration.
i highly doubt that your claim of “low tips from black tables” is substantiated by actual statistics and is more of an anecdote.
is it cheating if she goes to try on wedding dresses with her bridesmaids?
they don't care what people are doing inside a property, they care about what you can hear from outside it.
>i'd like it to be 2-3 each week and think it's just a matter of effort; if she loved me it'd come naturally.
it's as human as catching a cold.
she assumed, without asking, that you made a meal without considering her gluten intolerance, when she knows that you take particular care of everyone’s dietary restrictions/ preferences in the house (and have for many years).
i know the terms weren't exactly written out, but that's just bad service if it's your job.
don't just get all moody and give her the silent treatment.
you apologize for *your* actions, not another persons reactions.
it isn’t possible for her to get another spot.
she is the one that will resent you forever for it.
- but at the same time, sometimes it takes an asshole to fix someone's shitty attitude towards things like parking.
everyone should give driving their complete undivided attention when behind the wheel, drive safe legal speeds, and refrain from distractions at all times.
but then if *i'm* the one who cooks the meal, while you go off and do something else, only *i* have made the meal.
> i told him i wanna stay for another year or 2 max to help her you are making excuses.
despite the difficulty of your situation, she doesn't owe you a convenient place to live.
in the end you must interpret his wishes properly, as i am speculating.
it sounds like you just don’t like him.
you made a stupid joke about infidelity, and when she expressed her views and told you point blank she didn’t like it, what did you do?
, you absolutely your mother would be upset with for you having the ps4 and games, but you did it anyway.
you would definitely be the arsehole and a very bad friend.
he’s young, his mother is more responsible for their estrangement than he is.
the rules don't suddenly stop applying because you need gas.
, if you don't want to pay for the membership anymore, that's fine, but how dare you make her feel bad about the way she looks and how she has failed to please you.
(we‘ve has two open positions on my team that we won’t be able to even interview for until january.) you’re going to have to give this time.
why was it his fault only?
sounds like both of you should stfu and stop arguing.
the car seat is in her car.
i was going to go with  but then you said this: > in fact i feel like this would be a good introduction to family therapy as right now my daughter refuses to do a therapy session with me and/or my wife present.
leave your ex and her family alone.
, she's drinking in the safest environment possible.
unless you dont want a relationship with honesty.
why would you want to replace a whole gaming keyboard because of an ink mark?
come on, you're being an asshole there.
he hit the nail on the head obviously as you and your wife did make the younger son apologize.
because of your physical limitations, exercising your dog will probably be more difficult than other dog owners.
- this is a stupid malicious compliance.
> > i think she could stand to be a bit more involved, you aren't the asshole for being upset, but if you contront her about it then .
and seeing someone 3x a week since january and you "guess" you were exclusive?
the group aren't mind-readers or your personal therapist and i have a sneaking suspicion this will ensure there won't be any response in the future if you have another heartbreak &#x200b;
you do have a right to choose whether or not you attend.
over what - disliking the ocean?
you became racist as a way of "sticking it" to this bully.
for teaching this type of body-image focus.
you offered to pick it up.
go look at your (girlfriend’s) post earlier giving the other side to get feedback.
she probably feels like she's barely scraping by too.
as long as you have healthy alternatives, it's up to you to make the right choices.
imagine the things you could attain by telling her: hardly anything of importance, really.
hopefully you both learn a lesson from this.
i understand why you'd want that, but it isjt her job to manage your feelings.
even if you are right, you are still out of line.
if you truly love her and want to spend the rest of your life with her, you should be supportive in any of her endeavors.
you really need to find a replacement behavior for swearing and screaming.
yes it was new and she probably should have known better but you were responsible for it and gave it to her along with everything else left in the apartment to do with it what she pleased.
she felt you insulted her hijab and essentially her culture.
you cant force people out of their insecurities, you need to support them through it.
worse, from now on your bf is going to second-guess felling you about any negative interaction (however mild) because he can’t trust you to respond reasonably.
and by no means does waiting void the price of a product.
he doesn't have to give you physical intimacy because you ask for it.
did you expect to get mike with no strings attached or something?
it is gross and a warning bell anyhow for those girls, you were too salty.
these days, especially in public locker rooms it’s very plausible that someone would pretend to browse their phones and use it to sneak pictures or videos.
(this is just my opinion, not a judgment on your parenting.)  based on further discussion.
did either of you give him a second thought.
i personally live in a country with a good minimum wage and serving staff make a decent living with or without tips.
it's not like you cheated on him with james.
it’s fine that you don’t want to date but now this guy will end up hurt because you’ve essentially led him on.
reluctant to say , but you just might be uninformed.
are you going to disrespect your wife on account of how illogical it is that we call them "buildings" even though they are already done being built?
>she says she understands that i’m sad but if the roles were reversed she would at least make sure i felt celebrated and excited first and foremost and that after the celebration we would start having those conversations about how she’s feeling.
he's obviously being a dick and could approach this a hell of a lot more tactfully.
but outdoor cats tend to hunt smaller prey and get food that way, so not feeding it isn’t necessarily harming it.
your mutual fetish was engaged in by consenting adults.
you got almost a full year of use out of the furniture, sell it for what it is, used ikea furniture
ultimately, it's his $20 and if he wants to stop giving it to you out of the blue and give it to his brother, light it on fire or wipe his ass with it, that's well within his right.
or at the very least harbor the attackers in their homes.
they are always short on staff.
if you plan to marry this man, he is your family.
you offended her and she changed the subject to avoid further embarrasment.
just don’t maliciously do it on her birthday.
sounds like a great place to work.
humans need darkness while sleeping to maintain a healthy circadian rhythm.
from the title i assumed this was a personal secretary, but this is a school admin?
: you touched her even though there was clearly no chemistry and her body language screamed for distance.
you know , pranks are one thing, these are just pointless.
his comment about your mental disability was awful, but you didn't need to be a bully about how many people he's dated.
do you know how many words could be deemed as inappropriate because they have different meanings in different languages?
(lite) i think you should have him come.
it's not like she's changing her name to something random and outlandish.
in any case, instead of addressing invites to her and old boyfriend by name you gave her a non-specific plus one.
i am bisexual and have had relationships with men and women.
the fact that it was your wedding doesn't excuse this.
i don’t care how lovely a person my friend has been dating for 2 years - if i haven’t met him, he’s not coming to my wedding when every plate costs money.
if you don't like her having social media for any reason other than you don't like it,  and a helicopter parent, and you're definitely setting yourselves up to have an unhealthy parent-daughter relationship.
you have some assbackwards logic and should consider spending some time single.
you're bf has told you explicitly it has to end.
sounds a bit like  since it looks like you'd had no discussion at all before you suddenly 'had a go' at your so.
i was going to say , but then i read the other aita post you linked, and then the r/sad post you linked and, dude.
in your own words: > a large part of my soul dies when thinking about spending $25k on something i don’t enjoy but is highly practical.
it would be like walking into a funeral and telling the family there is no god.
you are risking getting into r/choosingbeggars territory.
especially if she actually was a virgin.
you don't want to be married to a "cunt" and your hobby is more important.
hating her for giving birth to your mom is really extreme and really makes you the asshole.
he should not be forced to be credited with a loss because you lacked the time to actually defeat him for real.
you admit you know you're an asshole here.
if you liked her before your friend spoke up, why tf does it matter what your friends think?
you should had told him what was going on and what you wanted to do.
they could get kidnapped or worse.
why does that have to be explained?
irreparable damage is being done to them.
isn't important to go to in the long term.
you should have either 1- told her immediately, or 2- never told her.
you don't try to make a profit off of your so.
who cares if it’s obviously untrue.
they are allowed to be angry at you.
just calling her up at odd hours to use her as a personal therapist?
if you don't like the fact that one kid is getting a different amount than your other kid, you absolutely have the right to refuse any of the money for either child.
have you asked your neighbors about borrowing the snowblower?
if you had approached your manager about keeping conference calls more on topic rather than calling another employee useless perhaps this could have been avoided.
for hiring who you feel comfortable with.
your priorities are immature and selfish.
you're not some kind of king, just because you make a suggestion doesn't mean they have to do it.
if you “feel guilty” for having more money, why bring it up?
- obviously, she sucks here - you did a favor, and it wasn't good enough.
not "letting" her work is a total asshole move.
please read the original that the automod posted.
that should have been a clear sign she wanted you there.
if you can't deal with your current situation, talk to her about it or get out.
your weird hang up about a dude in the bridal party (i noticed you didn’t ask him to be a groomsman, which was an option you know) is no where near as valid as your fiancée’s right to pick her own bridal party, and her right to have to brother is her wedding.
especially if you agree with the subject there is no need to prolong conversations, especially difficult ones, with fussing over details.
look, you can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into.
honestly reminds me of my ex who would try to debate any old lady in a grocery store because she said “god bless you” when he sneezed.
that shouldn't have been brought up during an argument, your dad is a physically abusive piece of shit, and your mother is an emotionally abusive enabler.
if you trust her why does it matter?
that facebook group seems like the type of people who would set off nerve gas at a country club just because 50% or more of its membership was white.
, especially you for not telling *us* the rude thing.
that's just the way it is.
people who get.pleasure out of other's misery is a red flag.
, you dont look for a relationship to help you get over a hard time, you look for a friend.
if you just expected her to know what not to do,  for setting her up for failure, and then blaming her when she does.
seems shallow at best, manipulative and shitty at worst.
it’s not your fault that your parents are like that but when it comes to you, you have the choice to be better - however with such an upbringing it seems it’s extremely difficult to act differently than you are.
no, it doesn't speak optimistically for the relationship if you've found a way to make this about you.
she escalated things in a slow and respectful manner.
its noble that you’re willing to find someone else to fill up the spot, but i dont see how forcing both to live under the same roof will change anything, regardless of whether you think she isnt that bad or not; remember, you’re not the one that has to spend 6 months with her.
they probably see your son as someone that could also get along with the older one.
instead i would just make comments over the next few months supporting gay people, any time you see someone saying bad things or questioning them.
she didn't say "i'm making a human being *." she didn't say "you didn't contribute anything." she didn't say anything at all about you, so i'm having a hard time what you're getting so upset about.
your kid is 8 years old, if you want to punish him for disobeying you, you do it at home, you ground him.
even if you’re screaming at say, a margaritaville, it can still be very uncomfortable and concerning when people get that mad.
doing these things in excess and skirting real life responsibilities is.
you might have triggered something you had no idea about.
if you actually do want to continue being friends and not just try to convince her to date you, you should probably apologize for your behavior and then give her some more space for a while before trying to hang out again.
if you ask,  if you get upset if you don't like their answer.
you are partners, you can’t just make decisions against your partners will, especially huge impact decisions like this one.
for wanting sex in a relationship.
don't ask out coworkers, it's incredibly awkward.
the guy was right, you should've stuck with your word.
side note: yeah just let her knit while watching the tv
and then you said “fuck this” and left with his money, effectively ruining his birthday?
if this guy was your friend, you definitely should have remembered what's going on so you could bring it up to him later when the moment was more right.
to you she was a challenge and you thought by being her friend you could infiltrate her forces and turn her into a girlfriend.
you could've just casually mentioned her that you know about this website and that would've shut her up.
- this comes from a very personal place.
because "she has too many guy friends".
get a clue dude you are rude and sound super ignorant of what it means to be in a relationship...
let those people do their job man.
neglecting communication because you’re horny is selfish.
your son made the decision to not waste 10000 dollars a year on private high school that wouldn't benefit him more than a public education did.
for that weird refusal to let people celebrate later if they miss an event.
if you don't even get her a card.
if you got hurt on company property, you could sue and he’s trying to prevent that.
i joke about how people should look at mom and dad to see where the aging process is going with their future mate, and make sure they're happy with that direction.
as an fyi, if your sister is still hoping to swim somewhere, i strongly recommend letting this go.
relating that comment was obviously going to hurt her, and what possible benefit could it have had?
if she still wants to live rent-free, work out something a little more equitable than this indentured servant gig you've got going now.
calling her out in front of her friends was inappropriate.
she chose to sleep with him for her own reasons and you really don't need to know them unless she decides to tell you.
why the hell did you buy three vehicles when you didn't even have a license?
the status of your romantic relationship does not matter here.
unless you're in an open relationship or similar agreement, you are actively saying you want to hurt someone.
free protip: never loan money to family/friends; give it as a gift instead.
if he misses class, it is exhausted the next day, etc., that's on him, and, again, not your place to control or dictate.
you don’t have to hang out with your ex while you’re at prom.
you *knew* the ticket wasn't there, and decided "to play that" for..
, you should have given them a solid two-week notice and not flake out on them.
you're now earning decent money but still using her credit to buy things and you've been paying 1/2 the bills (i noticed you guys split the rv loan - you're not even paying fully for that) for a mere 6 months and you want to criticize her spending and get cheap?
this guy was probably an introvert.
her school might contact yours or she might contact them in retaliation, since you are just as guilty as she is.
you're two people using the bathroom, kitchen, living room, and other shared spaces.
it's the way you handled being caught.
i think  because i think this is a shp.
hell, when they filmed fifty shades outside my sister's workplace, my sister couldn't take a lunch break because christian grey needed to lean on her door for a scene(they provided her with some catering).
sometimes respect is more important and you're the asshole until you learn that.
you should communicate this better to them about how you feel.
- and you come off as incredibly entitled.
your son says wayyy worse when you aren’t around.
she's overreacting and being childish about it, that goes without saying.
start learning to compromise and be flexible and maybe you can correct yourself before it's too late.
&#x200b; >i told them that i expected there to be consequences for her actions this sentence makes me grind my teeth.
you should see a dr, do therapy, take meds if you need them, and get your life on track.
therefore, i have to agree with your son: > my son told me i'm only doing this to get back at my ex.
is there any reason you couldn't tell a teacher and get them to sort it out?
not everything requires an assignment of fault or anger.
, mostly for your first comment of course you're allowed to think that way.
that's some pretty big entitlement bs right there.
you're adding to their trauma and scarring them, just flippantly for the sake of it.
we should not have to spell this out to you.
why are you marrying someone when you look down on the way she was raised and the things she enjoys?
there's no way this is real.
- it’s way worse of a feeling to realize that you’ve been pitied and lied to for months than it is to know your feelings aren’t reciprocated.
actually read what you wrote; ripping on the guy for drinking pepsi ffs!
you were super immature and disrespectful.
> do a bad job, get a bad tip so by your argument, leaving no tip means he didn't do the job, right?
suck it up and get on with it.
i teach undergrads and take the time to look over my students work.
if you don’t like her enough to even put her on loudspeaker perhaps, whilst you get something else done, spare her the misery and break it off
does it not bother you to be associated with that?
well i'll show you!" has no winners.
you can't forbid him from having his friends over when you're splitting the rent 50/50.
she’s just learned that she’s wasted a whole year of friendship on a nice guy who basically told her to fuck off for life just because she didn’t want to date him.
if you hurt her feelings, tell her you're sorry.
apologize to him and give him a cuddle
not saying this was you, but that’s how it feels sometimes.
there's even been several positive studies about their long-term effects on treating depression.
-- sorry, i wish i could give you a  because i get where you're coming from but no matter how tempting universalizing your personal experience is; it's almost never a good idea.
but in reality if she cannot handle there being 4 women at your office, that is a pretty big red flag honestly.
when your friend asks "do you have a specific day in mind?" you should have replied with when you're available and making it clear that you can cater to his friend's schedule.
he was rude to you, you were rude to him.
don't be surprised if she rejects you for sleeping around.
she no longer will confide in you if she is in danger and if she does need a "strong male backup" to come over at some point in order to help her leave you may have ruined that (idk how many close male friends she has).
you know she is "broke af".
but otherwise live and let live.
, but i can see why you did it.
she wants you to skip one day a week, when you admit that you go nearly every day.
also: >i did send him a message when i was half an hour late to say i'd be home in another 30 min he probably got your text after dinner had been sitting on the table for a half hour already.
if you cut him off with only what you know now.
what you should be doing is telling these "friends" of yours that he's putting in effort to hang out with you and them and it's not his normal environment.
you were so rude and obnoxious.
just because he's an adult now doesn't mean he's not still the child and she's the parent.
- i'm very sorry for your loss, but you should give them both a small amount.
it's different if this came out of an agreement between you and your gf but this seems to be coming just from you.
you set a boundary as nicely as possible, and kill them with kindness.
he didn't deserve it and you did it specifically to be spiteful, which is further assholery.
i'm a dad and i agree its kind of a ludicrous question because breast v.
she didn't ask you for your opinion, and your long list of reasons as to why she's a bad candidate shows that you have some personal issues with her and are taking her attitude personally.
but by calling ice you have no guarantee this will solve the problem, you are lying to your friend, and i mean ice is not the police who would handle this situation (or don't as is often the case) so basically you were only able to handle this man in this way because he's not an american (if he had been you couldn't have, this is what stands out to me a particularly wrong).
as a guest you do not get to yell, dictate and control.
&#x200b; however at the same time  - cuticles?
if she won't respect him outside of the bedroom, she won't respect him in it.
she's paying you to watch her kids...
approach him, when you’re both calm, and say “hey, this makes me really uncomfortable.
but no, you decided to be worse than them.
if you're blinding people , fix your lights after
i will.offer this: being extremely rigid and cutting contact like you habe in the interim is extreme.
not only to her, but to yourself.
had you done this and he ignored you, he’d have been the lone asshole.
what you described is you over analyzing.
i don’t think you’re malicious or you wouldn’t have did her a favor in return, and the fact that she had just finished a double shift didn’t help.
i just recently asked him to move states for me, and then found a new job two months later.
however, i know when i was growing up, i would "act out" and misbehave.
her letting you do errands is a favor.
maybe even help out a bit if they really need it.
but it sounds like you're a guy who doesn't know how a high school girl operates.
it might be your apartment but you’re married and she lives there - as far as i know she absolutely has legal right to enter her home.
the fact that you and your husband have had prior disagreements about your stepchildren makes me wonder if your stepdaughter has been made to feel unwelcome in her part time home.
stop trying to contact your victims.
leaving a girl, vulnerable, alone and unconscious(?) on the curb is kinda inexcusable and unethical, not something you’d want to someone to to your daughter/friend/sister if she was ever in a pickle.
it’s dismissive, rude and shuts down conversation.
heck, she won't even know that you're upset at all.
part of being a friend is being understanding, and from what you wrote i can see you’re actually not the greatest friend to her.
this is what you get, having kids.
people who didn’t go through the abuse often behave this way — it is normal and, especially because it is her own child, you probably can’t make her see the light.
just nc for 2 months and they "hey wanna bang?" i'd say .
i tend to do the same thing.
the rest of your single life will be spent as a free nanny.
>but he's a single father who has 3 children to take care of and he's taking care of his sick mother who's financially dependent on him which is why i feel i can't fire him this isn't your fucking problem.
put in a lil effort cheap gift or badly made gift make no difference its the thought that matters and you are treating your family poorly for doing their best.
these people that you want to see fail won’t even really fail.
you're getting something for less work than honest people, and yes that makes you an asshole.
you should talk to a professional, your parents or someone that knows you better” something like that.
it takes no time at all to re-fold an item of clothing before moving on, and as you clearly have the ability to do it it's a real shame you choose not to.
you can't be "virtually certain" you need to be actually certain.
your friend clearly felt bad about what had happened since they kept asking about it and you pranking them probably made them feel much worse especially with the financial stuff.
i would stop being your friend after that.
you need a plan to improve:
i'm not calling you racist or sexist.
as a fellow picky person, i recommend just taking the remaining element of "surprise" out of the equation and just tell each other exactly what you want so that they get it with no deviations.
by the way: you can’t be so dependent on your parents forever.
dark humour is dark for a reason, it's about dark and upsetting topics, if you say it to someone who isn't okay with it, at best they think it's distasteful, at worst you're actually offending someone who has their reasons not to like it, you never know what things are gonna hit a nerve with people.
, quit being racist and immature.
here in canada you can't even leave the province without getting the other parents permission.
it’s generally good to heal from a breakup and be on your own for a little bit after a breakup anyway.
she “implied” that she wouldn’t care?
telling someone what you (negatively) think of their gift to them is socially a very delicate topic.
i would get it if it was a secret, but he made it clear he had a sex doll before you met.
also, she’s probably going to advance and make more money in the future.
$20 is nothing, they bought you the system, stats don't mean shit, 5 extra losses won't kill you, kids are cute.
i was abused violently by an nmom.
you should keep quiet and just wait for them to be done.
i always loved when my dad went to my games the few times he could and sometimes got heartbroken but i never wanted to show it.
if i had to make a guess just based off your post i'd guess that she would gladly give up getting the money to never visit your parents.
&#x200b; 1) complaining that she's not paying enough attention to you/putting in enough effort *while she's going through the death of a close family member!* that's a horrible thing to say to anyone at *any* stage of a relationship, much less one that's only a few months in!
100% look, i'm not religious either.
- even though regardless of this stupid post , i’m the girlfriend.
i get that you put a lot of effort in but you need to reassess your thought process here.
but your comment the next morning was petty and purposefully inflammatory
you said yes, (even though you gave a stipulation), and that caused him to not search further for other potential rides.
\> she threatens to send me to isolation for disruption if i don’t be quiet so i go quiet and carry on with my work.
you don't deserve to be called names, but you could try to help out.
if it were me in that situation, i'd have prioritized including my depressed friend to make sure he has social connections and a feeling of belonging, because those can be really important for a depressed person and to try to ward off any rash actions he might take in the future.
you will need him for real help in life long before you need his “girlfriend” or her other boyfriend.
: > said getting a 4.0 in my major is a lot easier then a stem major.
how is the 5 minutes per bathroom trip that you might save worth it to you to subject yourself and your girlfriend to hours of discomfort?!
include a late fee table in it and have them deposit at least half of the payment before you consider doing the work.
i was on the fence until i read "you have to lie to the ones you care about" whatever that was.
, dead people cannot post on snapchat so it doesn't take sherlock holmes to figure out that since he posted he was ok.
you didn't have to snap at him for a normal bodily reaction.
if she was purposefully trying to make you uncomfortable that would be different but they aren’t obliged to go to his place whenever they’re in the mood.
to sum up: you were feeling poorly.
- you technically don’t look american either.
i understand that you bought most of the stuff for baking and wanted to make them for your friends, but i'm sure giving your parents a few wouldnt have been bad.
if you had communicated with your professor, they might have been able to work with you.
, your cat wanted affection and you screamed at her so loudly she ran away in fear?
this sounds innocent enough to you, but sounds like the beginnings of an emotional affair to me
that’s how most of us built our liquor cabinets.
you for going through his phone, him for acting the way he did.
you’re going to make school administration stressed for no reason and depending on how asshole-ish they feel they can impact the other fun events planned for seniors because of your actions.
- like these people don’t have hard enough lives?
i hope this new job is worth it man.
people can be dicks, even special needs people.
when he proposes has literally zero effect on you or your wedding, and from what you stated your fear was that he would be *married* before you, and that was what he agreed to avoid.
- good luck trying to get your girlfriends to alienate themselves from their family to please you.
it never occurred to me to not let my roommate use my shit just because he didn't pay for it.
it makes you a shitty person too.
take a hard look at what you typed and ask yourself if your boyfriend is the problem.
you need to talk to the others and see if you can divide the person's share evenly between everyone.
people shouldnt have to ask you to observe that.
you may think it’s a harmless joke but when the mother has to hear jokes about her family over and over and over it’s not funny it’s infuriating.
&#x200b; people like you are a cancer on a nice day when you're trying to enjoy being outside and you force everyone to listen to your unintelligible, distorted garbage.
for subjecting her to this attitude and behavioral change, and yes punching a wall can cause her emotional distress.
and t isnt her job to clean up after your pet especially when its this big.
i mean, yeah, a little bit.
nothing wrong with wanting to keep yourself safe.
why be douche-y and snatch the phone (again, while driving).
do you not trust your relationship enough to know she will remain loyal?
how they communicate with each other is not your damn business.
>i feel like she should have told me right away get over yourself >makes me feel like she doesn’t trust me or that i’m not a priority in her life get over yourself >but i feel like i need to say something get over yourself >i feel pretty weak and useless that she felt like she couldn’t tell me this get over yourself sorry to be harsh man, but that's the issue of all this right there.
also, her friends don't just dislike you for no reason.
this way she can know what a creep you are and rejection would probably do your personality some good.
- and also a weird flex, brah.
accusing someone you don't know of being afraid of her is a great way to instill in her the idea that she should expect other people to be afraid of her because of her condition.
he’s just trying to put a little effort into being a good parent, you shouldn’t shut him down for trying to care.
specifically because you can’t stand to lose.
emetophobia is a legitimate phobia and i know someone for whom it has actually had a devastating impact on part of their life.
honestly, you'll be lucky if your son even allows visitation anymore since you've demonstrated that you can't follow a simple rule of not being around your grandson's mother.
but finding new friends to put up with you might be hard.
don’t bottle things up until you can’t control your mouth, have adult discussions.
if you really want it you can just suck it up and not wear a suit again after if thats allowed.
who's to say he plans on staying in your home town?
(if you still love him but don’t support/stand up for the bigoted stuff he says and does, then ) you can still feel love for a grandparent even if they suck.
you can express concern or not want to hang out with people who drink but you are not her mother to forbid her stuff.
you didn't know the first time, so you get a pass on that one.
just think about how your actions can affect people and make better judgements op.
not a temporary little diet tweak (like not eating fast food), but a genuine, life-altering change.
and probably he might have a reservation made for your family and it's really bad to not respect time.
its not her fault you never got around to making a move.
it also could be hitting just the wrong pitch for someone, especially if they have a hearing aid or some other hearing damage.
>i laughed and told him he has terrible self-control you keep using the word "addiction" but you clearly don't know what it means.
you literally just could have said, "fuck off, kevin, not interested."
this is a very useful life skill and is a much different situation than a staged debate in front of an audience.
god knows people can abuse the term but you basically called your wife a cunt for what may have been a legitimate claim.
could she lend you a few months rent while you saved up from your job?
it was tactless to make the speech about herself, but it sounds like she was trying to complement your husband's kindness.
however if both lanes allow traffic to go straight on, but one lane needs to merge into the other for whatever reason, .
his mother is the asshole though, no one that is grieving should ever have to be called names or deal with that.
this entire post comes across as immature and misogynistic.
you accuse her of hating you whenever she doesn't text back for a little bit, when she's supportive you accuse her of lying, when she hangs out with other people you think they're talking about you behind your back ...
i don’t believe this is true.
but that doesn't absolve you from your responsibilities as a parent and a husband and that includes cleaning up after yourself.
i get it, its upsetting *but you cant get mad at her for having a boyfriend* and that's a fact.
reading between the lines it sounds like you've been a difficult roommate, which is probably why they didn't feel like offering you the same deal they offered j, and you're not entitled to it.
secondly, and i can't think of a nice way to say this: get over yourself.
and when she's doing the same thing day in and day out, only getting help with a feeding here and there, waking up constantly and then going back to sleep just to wake up in an hour again (which is almost as exhausting as not sleeping at all), doing the housework and cooking and budgeting and so much more, it's resulting in a burnout.
have you even asked what it was that made your boyfriend unable to send you the print.
main point, have healthy discussions about sex.
seeking attention from guys makes you disloyal.
we want to avoid it because we dread the reaction but it’s the right thing to do.
is the company paying for the extra data?
nobody can really expect any better.
now brand of course is it really that big of a deal no but again it's their class and their rules.
hopefully your dad figures out a way to keep you from doing that, or just cuts you out too.
and how is her weight relevant?
dude the fact that you are aware of your wrong doings doesn’t magically make it ok to do it.
imagine if your favorite restaurant posted something like that.
i also have a bad feeling about your interaction.
like another user commented, your cat could be ill.
, you should've warned him - it was your responsibility, he had no way of guessing.
it sounds like something you would say about young children, not people who are your own age.
every single person that works there, including the owners were affected by your petty bullshit.
she’s probably downplaying it by saying she was “shocked but not scared”.
my wife does this with ice cream.
if they are too young to do it themselves it falls on you to take care of it.
glad your mother knew better and fixed it.
why wouldn’t you want to go?!
as if life doesn't already suck enough for someone who has a physical disability??
what you want her to do with it doesn’t matter at all.
i was unaware i was born yesterday, but from this post you clearly think i am and why would i doubt you.
even people who do like kids don't like temper tantrums, and even mothers who love their children very much get annoyed and irritated by those tantrums.
edit to add: holy fuck i had missed that you’re offering to financially support her.
but no, you guys aren’t together any more by mutual, so your, consent.
(or anything else for that matter, if they don't want to shave, let them be!)
which means your not mature enough to have a live-in gf.
i agree that something had to be done reading the op.
and i think this was a particularly mean trick to play on your friend.
for it devolving into a screaming match.
it sounds like a woman was basically looking in your general direction as you were showing off your phone in a public place.
what did you think was going to happen?
and i just re-read your post, i thought it read 2 year anniversay, but it was your two month anniversary??
you never gift someone a gym membership.
it doesn't matter if you think you are doing the right thing, it's not your place to make that call.
: her for cheating, you for disregarding privacy just to spite her, but also you for posting this here and then pretty much stating you think you’re in the right anyways.
- i mean, you just said her personal sex life is her business, yet you're taking pics of her vibrators so you can have your "gotcha!" moment?
asking people about their day and life seems like fairly standard conversational material.
what you’re doing now is trying to emotionally bully him into getting over you bullying him.
it's like dealing with two kids at once.
it’s a petty thing to do and you only did it out of spite.
apologise and negotiate better terms like an adult, don't act like a child or they will treat you like a child.
why would you ever make a public speech at a wedding about when everyone thinks the bride and groom will be divorced?
the one thing you should do, in my opinion, is say how you feel, lay out your intentions, and you all go on and do your own thing.
, it’s her personal property, however she handles it is up to her and not up to you, she seems like someone who keeps things private and you knew that from the start so you shouldn’t be surprised she acted the way she did.
if she treats you that way she’s not your friend.
no, clearly this is a matter of opinion, and she shared hers.
you because you’ve opened your little sister up to a world of hurt and confusion that she doesn’t deserve.
your car, so it could affect your insurance, can't it?
for being even remotely salty about it.
just move on, people like that are trouble.
you could've told her, 'hey i like knowing how you're doing and i can't respond but i still appreciate you.' unless you didn't like the messages then you should be upfront about it.
not for being unable to assist, but for your response.
just make sure to tell her that you banished the what-ifs, because they're not worth anywhere near as much to you as she is.
hogging the passing lane is irksome, but what you did was reckless and threatening.
and it sounds like you're a judgemental person.
it's a friggin birthday it happens every year.
- sounds like a dumb reason to break up with someone.
teaching and learning in a classroom environment come with enough artificial roadblocks as it is without two jackasses acting like fucking toddlers.
he was convinced i cheated on him and expressed no regret for invading my privacy.
your friend is a shitty roommate but cannot tell someone who pays rent that they are not allowed to use the kitchen.
do the future you better justice and trust that current you, in your cloud of pain and cyclical thinking, should not be calling any shots right now.
at least you wouldn't have to get rid of it.
is the relationship being purely casual two-sided?
(edited to include my judgement initial at the start of the comment)
that's bs, if you weren't a couple she had no obligation to you.
make sure your husband will respect if she doesn't want to continue later on, but ffs *she wants to learn*.
she wasn't kind to you and you don't owe her any of your time if she is undeserving.
she clearly doesn’t understand exactly what you’re going through, but what you did was manipulative.
info if it turns out that she doesn't want to sleep with you, would you still be helping her?
you decided to bash her and critique it with "real thing, overrated" &#x200b; stop judging other people and read what you're typing.
the other things about his gf seems to be a completely separate issue which he definitely needs to figure out some shit.
instead you decided to *assume* that someone was faking because it was easier for you than realising that sometimes, you don't have it as hard as other people.
no one has to cater to your feelings.
so what if she went out drinking the one night she didn't have her kid?
because you're basically wishing harm on people for your amusement.
at the clinic where i work people bring in stray animals all the time.
what the fuck is wrong with you?
, she is responsible for her own relationship, however what you're doing is being an asshole.
if it's not hurting the friend dynamic and they aren't pressuring you into participating, then you really don't have to be a reason to be upset.
you knew where you were going and that there was a chance that someone would have leftovers.
"you get no say in the budget because i make all the money" is a pretty shitty thing to say to your partner who is supposed to be your equal.
what you are telling us right now is that you are sour about the fact that *you* don’t want to benefit from this store manager, who, is just being nice.
until you do, you're the asshole here.
did you know that he wouldn't be able to replay what you've already done?
maybe that other friend wasn’t available.
your brother's an asshole for throwing the tantrum in the first place.
if you instead had a little more grace in your approach, he could have let you through with minimal interruption to his conversation.
but not worth beating yourself up about this, it’s likely no one else even really remembers it.
you fucked up, just own up to it and apologize to them.
--- obviously you can't cancel your plans with your significant other on valentine's day you dipshit
her medication may need adjusted or something like that.
if you're in the next lane, then merged into ending lane to get ahead and merge back:
how long after you left did he text you?
think of it this way, you're a mooch who lives at home at 26.
a curfew for a 19 year old is absurd.
you have a contract until august.
better then being a total slob?
he got offended that part of the study took a shot at the cognitive abilities of people in his line of work, and your response was to double down and make fun of his education?
removing that is cataclysmic to him, no matter how nice his new family is.
get headphones, even if you have to use cheap ones.
i would look at this completely differently if she were alone and abandoned the station, but this looks mostly innocent to me.
it's time to start growing up.
i know it's fucking annoying, i hate it too, but overtaking on the wrong side is still dangerous, regardless of whether it's easier for you or not.
just telling her you don't feel like coming over would have been ok, this is not.
>or with my wife spending a reasonable amount of money on herself do you cook?
you wouldn't be an asshole for breaking up if you aren't compatible for one reason or another.
that would definitely be dirty looks and hushed whispering material for the people in line behind you.
if you can't return them because the marriage just 'ended badly' you are being immature.
why can’t all kids walk or get rides to school?
with an open dress code, you could have a dozen different cuts of dresses, pants, in various colors.
this has nothing to do with the fact that she's into witchcraft and you're an atheist - but everything to do with knowing how to treat a person.
she probably gave up everything for your entitled ass.
- you feeling like it's offensive he wants to feed himself is dumb.
(i had to look it up but when op says "bjj" he's talking about brazilian jiu-jitsu, it's a martial arts class he would be missing.)
you absolutely warned her about dick, you told her he was going to cheat on her, you forced him to confess all three times, and she as a grown woman made a decision to forgive him even though you kept trying to warn her.
for example: "do you see yourself being a cam girl long-term?")
for telling him you hope he dies alone and then wondering why he won’t reply to you.
it makes sense that sometimes you might have to go without.
your friend is definitely an asshole, and you're not at all an asshole for not wanting to talk to him anymore.
be careful of automatic toys, don't get laser pointers they are very very bad for you dogs.
you're all acting like giant 12 year olds.
if you do the fake post thing.
figure out what your real issue is here, because i doubt you're this upset because your brother is getting married after being with this woman for two years.
just carry the bag to your own can.
you set a terrible example for your employees that they should put their job over their well-being.
you were stupid to give a cherished family item to someone you've only dated for four months, and for a reason that has nothing to do with your relationship.
children don't give you a free pass to be a loud neighbour.
you may have a crush on her but that doesn’t mean you’re entitled to having a relationship with her, yes she shouldn’t have lied about what she was doing but cutting her off with no explanation is kinda stupid really.
maybe she wants to go shopping with you?
he's passing with a job, you are too.
would it have changed anything to have a sitter and some stimulus?
i think  because if you were actually too busy with the online seminar and homework to drive it over, why didn't you just tell her so?
i think it's a lot with witnessing the reaction he has to certain scenes.
it just seems like you continually aren’t respecting his wishes and are causing him distress.
the *upper* limit was ~$20, not the *minimum*.
\> i plan to buy “the future is male.” shirt for the next non-school uniform.
i think it's safe to say  on all accounts.
you split up a group and cause da scene and distraction after you showed up late, to not just the people in your seats, but everyone else in the theatre who arrived on time and paid their money.
ok look at it from his perspective.
you shouldn't have been in each other's lives way before you thought you needed to record them.
unless i have totally misunderstood something, you are 100% the asshole.
you might get another dog eventually, but from her perspective, you're never going to "replace" the dog she lost.
so if they want the top 15 female performers and the top 15 male performers.
you have exceptional control over your diet and body, and that's great.
she shouldn't be expected to front your bill money.
leaving her was flaky even if you forgot you were going to walk together.
>i thought kids were the ones to find the silver lining and to keep our heads up and find the good in the bad and etc.
your daughter is 13/14 - it’s pretty cruel to basically be locking her in a corner - you set one child up for success and aren’t doing the same for the second apparently because she happens to be better at art then some other classes.
i realize it’s your preferred choice to fertilize over adopting but you’ll be raising your child together and it’s important to get his opinion and find out why he wants to adopt.
&#x200b; but...this whole post reads like a made up fantasy, including a person being fired for touching your lower back.
as long as you're learning from your mistakes and making better choices in the future, that's the best outcome.
you say she doesnt hang out with you guys but then > lately, i haven't been inviting her out with us and recently she brought up that she was upset and felt like we didn't want her around so you really havent been inviting her, basically as a judgement for things you dont approve of?
if the tattoo means more than her comfort & peace of mind, consider what that says about your relationship.
or if there are no remaining seats, stand.
she would know what you were doing and she would be pissed.
if she wants to do this - fine.
*that said*, your girlfriend's reaction as you've presented it here is a bit over-the-top.
that is a fact that every woman has to live with, has to go through life knowing.
she is disrespecting you and your relationship in a major way by refusing to acknowledge how her words could be hurtful and then calling you names.
if i told her mom after knowing that she didn't want me to, i would've looked like a real assholes and she would've completely lost her trust in me.
i started off as  but as i wrote this i changed my mind.
sounds like it's for the best you guys dont hang out anymore
it’s a game, and it’s your brother’s character.
if you cut your friend off without talking to her.
that stuff will mess with your development if you smoke it too young.
the only real thing you mention about him is that he's essentially a loner; someone not living life the way you feel it should be lived doesn't make them creepy.
even if she is carrying your child, her body still belongs to her.
she could end up marrying/having kids with that asshole.
it sucks for you, but a polite refusal and refusing further offers is the high road.
i think you're making it too much about you, my friend.
something to think about and amend your behavior to be a better friend to bff.
, that shit's immature as fuck.
bipolar disorder isn't something to fuck around with.
you’ll miss her, i’m sure, but pouting at her celebration is bad form.
just from “constantly giving shit to a kid” and more for “who might be autistic”.
even if it looks like they’re not doing anything, just sitting on the couch, that still could be essential time for them.
but actual white supremacists have started using it, so it is now a white supremacist symbol.
you’re not really supposed to tell someone what their disability allows them to do, but they didn’t really have a reason to mock you in the first place.
by that standard, when can he ever drink?
i wouldn't argue over it, if you don't want to pay then don't ask for drawings.
a softer more polite excuse or lie is much safer.
also he's you're ex for a reason , you don't own him , he texts or snaps what he wants , don't be such a princess and leave the poor fella heal up.
offer to take on additional chores or other help in exchange for your computer privileges back.
there was no reason to be sneaky about it.
you shouldn't ever let anyone pressure you into that.
also, him attending wouldn't be the source of the drama; their talking shit would be the source of the drama.
it just sounds like a dangerous situation for both of you, emotionally and potentially legally.
just assume that you're on your own for stuff other than the essentials and things will be easier.
you want her to make new friends well what happens if the same thing happens?
you will feel more like a real adult if you do.
just stop whistling when you're in public places (and also: don't talk on speakerphone unless you're driving or are alone, and don't play music on a boombox while shopping).
i would be livid if my kid did what you've been doing.
what is the point that you want to accomplish?
my reasoning is your friend told you he had depression, and instead of offering an ear or even acknowledging it, you ignored him.
and you're an asshole for not being able to have an awkward conversation in front of her house and be straight up with her instead of ditching her at the movies.
you know he is dealing with a volatile home situation.
my friends who were like you acted strange and some were even mad at me for a while asking why and when i will start using it again.
you can't separate her from the baby in the long run.
or at least be honest about your intentions of only hooking up with her once in a blue moon and let her decide if she wants the same.
not only was it just ridiculous and disrespectful to do something he asked you not to do, to his dogs, and to also try and do behind his back, but if he specifically said “they have to learn” and he’s trying to curb that behavior you giving in and rewarding them is just teaching them that they just have to wait x amount of time to get what they want, which is going to disrupt what he’s trying to do.
, you are mad about something that happened before you even knew she existed ?!
my advice is go online and find a list of chores that need doing in every house (bins, dishwashing, putting dishes away, laundry, cleaning the hob, cleaning the toilet, making a list of groceries, things like that).
it doesn’t sound like it’s about the money sister.
i hesitate to say this, but i think .
done be selfish because it doesn’t look ‘neat’.
and to avoid having to make this sort of decision in the future, you should invest in pet insurance (which is as little as 10 bucks a month) or at least save up some cash for emergencies.
also, thank god i got married before this bullshit became common.
if you outright said that during the game, you’d face the same repercussions.
making the person wash your guests isn't fair.
like you can’t just take things from a store and tell the staff “it’s all good, i have money at home” you wrote your temper tantrum review but didn’t mention your behavior and not bringing the coupon you threw a hissy fit over.
but what makes you an arsehole, is that you seem to expect her to still come over and visit, because maybe your lower brain will "wake up" and want to bone her again.
, and haven’t thought about this at all apparently.
have a friendly conversation, talk about the weather, and drop it in at the end "haha, dave, i'm sorry to even bring this up, but would you mind taking your trash to the dumpster instead of leaving it out?
- she lead you on and lied but you also kept picking up and dropping your old gf between rebounds with sabrina, which also seems really shitty.
he is working a ton of hours, is probably exhausted and experiences the toll that can take on his mental well-being.
don't tell me how i have to do my job - that's what my boss is for.
yeah, that doesn't mean you get to co-own her body.
other people would be more than happy to buy them.
that you were assigned a project that just happened to be right in your wheelhouse that showed off your talents to their full capacity.
, if they're two consenting adults then what they do is their business.
but insulting and calling someone "not special, just a tomboy" can be pretty harsh.
if it's that she concealed this from you, consider the amount of mental strength and courage it took to tell you of these experiences that she considers horrible.
(that man makes the world's best corned beef sandwich and no one will tell me otherwise.)
you do lack common sense and tact.
>i'm not sure i would have married her if i knew she was going to expect me to do all this stuff around the house.
(others could have special permission due to disabilities or something, so saying that you should use it just because others do is crap).
you were with him 6 months, not 6 weeks.
- your wife screams at your son, you scream at your wife.
he weaponized your secrets for his own gain and you did the same to get back at him.
i would be furious if someone else would allow someone to sleep in my bed, on my mattress, in my room where i keep my things.
yes, she shouldn't have left it in your room, but that doesn't change the fact that it's not yours.
a year later, after the hardest period of your wife’s life, delivering your child, who you admit you were distant with after he was born (and probably long before, during her pregnancy, which is a hell of a difficult time), you have an explosive blowup in response to a paternity test and kick her out.
sleep when the baby sleep rarely happens especially between 6-12 weeks.
you could have made your point without that.
you should recognize that your introversion doesn't magically trump your brother's preference to be with the person he loves.
def shouldn’t have ghosted someone you actually care about personally, if not romantically.
>i’m in a relationship where the other person is really really frustrating me by always being inconsiderate and never putting any effort in to show me she cares at all about me.
and our marriage, while it is stronger and better; there were a lot of years that were lost on him.
your parents experience has literally no bearing on this.
if you even need a free meal, send me a pm.
when he moves out, he can take the spiralizer, but the mixer stays.
they had a child attempt *suicide* and the options they saw were either stop you from texting the person that led to the suicide or bring you home to keep a closer eye on you.
you badgered a dude trying to apologize.
she shouldn't need to remind you.
- but only if you keep up letting you husband take on an unreasonable load of the work and don’t accommodate his reasonable requests.
you'll resent both your mother and the child if you stay.
you're brothers, you both share a place, you share the rent, you eat the same food.
this girl clearly wanted to get to know you and you literally mentally checked out when she said no to sex on the first date.
depression fucking sucks, trust me i get it.
you’re surely trying to make fun of the guy.
your mom should have let you know in advance for sure, but because she was paying for the apartment and letting you live there for free as a courtesy, she gets the final say and absolutely had the right to tell you (not ask you) that a friend of hers would be staying there for a period of time, and it's pretty entitled to think otherwise.
that's not selectively serving the id rule.
it isn’t hurting anybody and it’s certainly not affecting you.
failures fail, you just don’t need this on your conscience, which it appears to be.
&#x200b; you were absolutely entitled to have your shirt dry cleaned or replaced by the business (not by the waitress), but being unreasonably upset, blaming the waitress, demanding that there be consequences to her actions and ruining everybody's lunch is absolutely an asshole move.
half the time it's likely that it's not the english work you're hearing, it's the korean integration of the word.
he shouldn’t have just gave you bs responses and should’ve called you since you obviously care about this type of thing.
- she was dying and you couldn't visit her for five minutes
, if and only if you said “this only works for the nintendo 3ds and 2ds” and he acknowledged and understood.
do you have anger management issues?
she says she’s “not my mother” but i kind of feel like her options here are show me or do it herself?
if someone does you a favor, say thanks.
man, that's not a terrible distance.
the nature of body dysmorphia is that it's a distorted view of the self.
does your friend have a "claim" on this guy?
you never know, what if a person you laugh at is depressed and you hating on them is just the last push they need to kill themselves?
i really value your friendship and i like hanging out with you, and i hope you'll understand and respect my feelings on this."
you never know what is going on inside someone's brain, body or home.
they aren’t liked romantically by their peers, i found it harder to make friends because my presence alone was intimidating, and they struggle with social situations that involve food...
your dog is probably very stressed and doesn’t feel comfortable having to defend the space where he sleeps.
there are plenty of ways to absorb vitamins and world perspective.
think about how little that 30 is compared to the 70.
smelling like anything that’s distracting to anyone who has to sit next to you for 3 hours is rude.
if i were in your shoes, i would try to get that 10k paid out and be done with her.
the teachers have lived the theater life for a pretty long time, they know who the talented kids are, and how old they are.
she clearly can't afford your part of the rent and you dont even pay that much for what you're getting.
before meeting and you're already douchey?
granted it's aggravating that they are driving in the slow lane, but tailgating is just as dangerous.
\- you've even had a bad fight about it, and you're still doing it.
it's a really annoying thing to do to your friends, and it would be disconcerting if people turn up asking for you or your family members by name.
sometimes we have to apologize even when we don't feel like it.
when it comes to unrealistic life goals you need to gently steer ambition instead of stomping on it.
you could have asked, but you just decided you had the right to inconvenience him without asking.
either way, you really need to do right by your child and make an effort to help her get her homework done.
you don't get to have it both ways.
the fact that you feel the need to lecture them about how wrong you think they are is pretty shitty.
only because you seem to relish these "trophies" more then being open and honest in your relationship.
when in a group, whether for work, school, or leisure, when you have skills, you should use them for the benefit of all.
he was completely right to decide he couldn’t be bothered with someone who showed such a bad attitude on the very first day of work and just told you the job offer was cancelled.
so i get what you *meant*.
but it's possible that keeping her away from scruffy in his final moments could make it even worse.
i'm not judging you too hard as ive been that person too (but ive also been on your boyfriends side), but yeah, not a good reason to be mad at him.
a lot of legit colleges have animation degree programs: risd, pratt, ucla, ohio state, clemson, etc.
who cares if she only eats dessert.
i run into dogs like yours frequently as a dog walker and you need to remember that, while you know your dog would never do anything, i am currently fearing that your dog may bite my dog.
your mom seems manipulative, you lean way too heavily on the undiagnosed mental illness bit and expect someone else to provide for you when you have a family of your own, which makes you no better than the other family except they're just not related, and if things were really that bad for you i'm sure your siblings would help out instead of make fun of a family in need.
then backed out because you made it unwelcoming and awkward for him.
for thinking you can plan out their lives to some formula.
first date bails with a "not feeling well" text.
you've got to decide who's more important, your friends or your boyfriend.
if you call this respecting someone, heaven help those you disrespect.
big arguments over seemingly small things, like this happen when you're living with someone, so don't worry too much.
- gay people are literally murdered.
the entire way you approached it makes you an asshole.
you responding to john was a minor (and understandable) error.
if this is an arrangement your mom agreed to and that takes place on her home, this is her decision to make.
let her regain some stability before pursuing anything.
i know your heart is in the right place but it's a tactless thing to say.
you're effectively telling her she's worthless to you unless she is your object of affection/sex.
i would blow up too, it was very inappropriate of you.
i assume you're living there rent-free when your parents are no longer obligated to provide for you.
info: so did you go back and buy the games on steam.
they were without electric power for a month and a half; they were extremely lucky.
if it is affecting your driving it is affecting the safety of you and your family every time they are in the car with you.
plus come on, you get to watch her walk away!
you may think the bass only permeates your room, but other people can hear it.
, if people are hanging around your space, regardless if they help out once and a while, that can make others frustrated.
just in terms of how families respond in general, i've heard some sick and twisted logic to justify, minimize, or deny child rape.
this may be a cultural difference, but you're butting into a situation you have no business butting into.
for not letting the server know about the error then having the audacity to be salty that you paid less than you would have initially.
if you dont wanna translate for her anymore, try, i dont know, telling her.
and everyone making excuses for and aggressive dog and blaming the gf is ta too.
she was just trying to warn you that some of your comments might make this guy uncomfortable, given how political his social media activity appeared to be.
the balcony folks generally want to be able to relax and look down at a show.
it'll take years for a man of your history to gain their respect, but an act like this can lose all progress in seconds.
cosplaying is hard and it's expensive.
you’re not a huge asshole, but simply tactless i guess.
to be completely honest, i think that your friend is more upset about you embarrassing him in front of your mutual friends.
if you overhear him talking to his buddies about beating someone up, clue your folks in on that.
but, then again, maybe you should have known.
you had no problem with it until she did something to you.
regardless of what he consciously intended, he was acting in a way that made you uncomfortable and he did so via communication, making you feel far more open and vulnerable than you were okay with.
tinder is an app designed for dating and hookups.
it'd not be nearly as bad if you'd planned it at your own house or a neutral place (a park, a bar, etc).
if playing the game is the trigger for you to start screaming at people to the point that they cry, perhaps you should take a long hard look at taking a sabbatical from gaming.
there are much better ways to communicate than screaming.
learn from this, apologize, reaffirm how attracted to her you are and hopefully she will get to a place where she can share that kind of content with you again.
you don’t get to control the entire timeline here.
- but in the grand scheme of things, you’re a pretty tiny asshole.
you're not going to feel full and satisfied for 8 whole weeks.
also, if him moving in with a friend you’re familiar with and another person who happens to be a woman is enough to make you threaten a breakup, i might say that perhaps you would both be better off with someone else.
she’s asked for help with remembering her pill, but you would rather not tell her because “it’s not your job”.
how would you feel if someone treated your sweet grandparents like that?
jeff was abused by this man.
- never fuck with another mans automobile.
it also sounds like you were at a pretty large table if 10-15 more people were able to show up, so i’m guessing you weren’t using a lot of the space.
a walk in the park does not get it for these dogs.
he may be great for the next person he dates.
at least you did express yourself in this process so you're not a monster
you gave her an ultimatum not a choice.
why isn’t the cat cleaning itself well?
if they eventually cut contact with you, it shouldn't be a huge mystery for you to figure out exactly why.
don’t get me wrong, i know the feeling as i’ve been in the same situation countless times.
i’d take your cash and report you to the dean of student’s after getting my big mac.
, but this is a funny story.
instead of starting arguments on social media, i just pulled her aside and said "hey, i love you as a friend.
your friend is trying to get good grades and you should respect that
a mistake in the system is the store's fault but you being a coward isn't.
you tried it, you had a minor panic attack, that's a good sign you're not into bondage.
you suck because you decided to ask your son before his other parent.
did you put up missing fliers?
just because your friends wife was doing it to get her dog on the plane doesn’t mean that: a) everyone is breaking the rules.
when your kid is 3, as a dad, it will be normal for you to spend 14 hours in a row watching your kid.
your brain doesn't have the function to tell you that you're full.
- bottom line, you should have cleared it with them before you allowed a stranger to move into their home.
on the other hand, you were doing him a favor not the other way around.
basically, you have no right to try and ruin this mans life just because you regret sleeping with him.
and for pete’s sake cut lucas off entirely!
if you’re paying for it all yourself - actually budgeting and can actually afford business class to america/korea, then fair play to you.
but for additional reading, this is interesting: [ &#x200b; just a generational thing.
the smile was probably just a 'this is hot isn't it's rather than an invitation.
you don't appear to have new points to make, you just want your way because you "know better." and want more of her time.
: it's not a group mug.
all that, yes, but something important i haven’t seen mentioned yet - i think if you’re going to end it, end it.
while you were just offering up what you think would look nice on him, it was still unsolicited and may have made him feel self-conscious.
> i was unable to drop the subject until i heard what i needed not for being worried but for the way you handled the situation.
: you bought the eggs for your neighbor, and when you eat her property (that you are just holding) you get upset.
the right thing to have done would be to talk to your classmate.
saying the individual is actually stupid for making a choice you disagree with is never ok.
have you asked yourself why she gets so frustrated when you turn her down?
also, if you could try and find out who the kid was and buy him a new one, that would be very appropriate as well.
you're both being dicks to each other for no good reason.
you don't want to be traded for 2 camels, 5 sheep, and 3 cats, you are worth at least 7 camels 20 sheep, and 3 cats.
she is not homophobic, she was being lied to by her partner, there is a huge difference.
you provoked a fight for no reason, and when she did provide three examples (which is what you claimed you wanted) you just picked them apart and went into how you disagree - which proves that you weren't just curious to know what rights people felt were lost, but rather were looking for an argument to pick apart.
"the type of person you are" isn't an excuse, that type of person can be asshole.
your group member got pushy and overreached by not talking to you guys and just handing in finished work with only his name on it.
work monotony and thoughtlessness and smart ass comments are both in my wheelhouses.
it's seems like you have never actually talked to her about this.
most people couldn't give a fuck about that shit.
, she was very insensitive towards your situation but without even confronting her properly, your reaction makes you an asshole too.
not to mention his diss track to india was super racist (he said something about how hes a white blue eyed dragon and indians r just dark magicians or something).
"she asked me to stop but i didn't because i matter most" , and then you went on to make it about you even more by leaving, pretty narcassistic.
>it actually made me feel a little bit better in a weird way obviously you were harboring anger, and you took it out on this kid, which you shouldn't have.
why so judgemental about a single mistake ten years ago where no one even got hurt?
read the damn text and respond like a human
newborn babies, people in scooters, kids have all seem to piss you off, but they're all people who are in their right to be at disneyland too.
maybe wait a long period of time until she’s a little older to scare her and her friends again, and switch your prank to something more “11 year old” friendly.
it could be a contributing factor here.
>"nothing doing, this was *your office's* mistake, not mine.
you don't get to decide what someone else finds sentimental
i understand the frustration, but if your spouse had colon cancer and ended up being in a colostomy bag for the rest of his/her life would you kick them to the curb?
being attracted to others is very normal, and the feeling of "i was so much better when i was single" is too.
but you clearly didn't think and you're also clearly not super sympathetic to the situation.
that's going to be incredibly painful for them.
they are also vulnerable to diseases and accidents that shorten their lives significantly: outdoor cats live an average of 2 to 5 years, while indoor cats live to be 12 to 18.
it gives me an instant migraine.
at most i would have maybe not gone, maybe sent something showing respects day of (flowers, a card, whatever would make sense given the context of the service), and then later caught up with my friend and apologize that i wasn't there, tell them i was thinking about them and their father the whole day, and then find out how they are.
it’s for each person to contribute and act in the best interest of the household.
2) you have a long history of doing what's best for you at her detriment and she's let it slide without saying anything and this was the straw that broke the camel's back.
find some comfort in the professor seeing that you got it done anyway.
(and i say that as someone who didn't know how to do my own laundry until my early 20's and once nearly caught the microwave on fire while making popcorn)
if it's not, i feel awful for your son.
just give him time to figure shit out for himself
i am not poc, but i find non-poc people using words like n*gger, spic, or chink offensive.
your wife has a pretty good point in pointing that out.
we'll be more considerate next time." probably would have circumvented the whole thing had your knee jerk reaction been to just be empathetic/considerate instead of just fucking lying...
it’s time to start taking responsibility.
it might be your brother, it might not be.
your girlfriend wanting y'all's children to learn another language, especially that of her homeland, is understandable.
you caused it by going off on her for four minutes and calling her a cunt.
some people don't like to travel.
- they suck for not saying happy birthday and what not.
honestly “sorry, can’t pick up diamond earrings for you because my wife might think it’s suspicious” sounds ridiculous when you say it out loud.
they may very well be overreacting, but that doesn't mean you didn't act like an ass.
that will really give you something to complain about.
but i feel like this is the plot to some movie that i just haven't seen because this is just ridiculous
break up with this person so they can find someone who will give them what they need instead of someone who just sees them as a "source of fun."
i'm also in high school, i appreciate offensive jokes but that's way too personal man.
you can't give 'an inch' for someone you say is an amazing dad, who has a loving family your kids are very attached to?
i can't really understand the actual question, but pretty sure it has to do with you disagreeing on her identifying as a male.
no one should be discussing or dressing up in favor of any politics, be it left, right, up, or down.
the entire world doesn’t necessarily follow rules that you made up.
if the trip has bonus benefits for you (seeing your family) and was your idea, it's kind of ridiculous that you'd expect her to pay.
not because you asked in the first place but because you asked again.
it’s called a zipper merge and is the correct way to merge when the number of lanes reduces.
- no need to shout at the poor animal.
you are about to make a *major mistake* if you head into college with that attitude.
a good tongue lashing while you dropped her off would have sufficed.
she probably wanted style suggestions as to look more attractive to you.
it's one thing to talk about your kids.
you've shown that you have no appreciation for their money or their sacrifice and that you fully intend for them to bail you out of these problems over and over again because you "should be allowed to make mistakes".
does she know you're talking to other girls?
your parents are willing to invest in what they believe will give you a better future, but they are under no obligation to pay for you to hang out with a girlfriend.
damn youre one of those dudes that not only eavesdrops and snitches but you think just being rudely honest is not socially inept?
sometimes you do have to be ta
your mom did you a favor by letting you borrow her phone, and screenshotting private communications on there without her consent is a breach of trust.
it's not her job to allocate his time; it's on him to maintain the relationships he values.
don't you want the best for him?
but if i have to get up at 7 and you wake me up an hour early so you can make a smoothie, the chances of me going back to sleep after that for another hour are slim, and you’ve just shortened my sleep because you’re selfish.
a mistake that big should not be ignored, if it was $5-20 i’d ignore it but you could get the server in some serious trouble
because you're all insulting people behind their backs...
it doesn't sound like he's overly attached to his family at all.
for not understanding that the company would want a different gender opinion on projects and issues within the company.
but instead of being happy, you're obsessing over the details he didn't do right.
my headlights also have a delay for turning off so i usually turn them off if they’re pointing right in somewhere.
all this post serves to do is tell a bunch of people how superior you feel towards your so’s family.
when the time came it sounds like you kinda locked up because things weren't going the way you wanted - ie "i shouldn't have to leave the house".
she’s obviously having a hard time right now and you’re acting like a dick
info, the only reason this would be an unacceptable request is if you think she's having an affair.
you might consider checking into an aa group just to improve your life, and maybe someday cait will come back into your life...
what do you have to prove?
you for snooping him for cheating
he’s not the father and you haven’t been dating long at all.
why would you hold her stuff hostage?
- there is a vast range of behavior from kids that does not set off any alarms.
for ghosting the guy instead of being a mature adult about it.
you’re basically saying having autism / aspergers = being an incel.
if you're not interested in retaining her services long term, you need to tell her.
get over yourself, and you'll both be better off.
if you exhaust that option until it fails, then the conversation needs to be "hey, i have this thing in my head which makes it physically difficult to be around jewelry.
and it could be illegal depending on where you're purchasing.
it's straight up harassment, what you did to this woman.
that's a dick move, and now he has to scramble and potentially wait for hours for someone to pick him up.
ask her what she’d suggest instead.
maybe her parents are buying her sets of really expensive stuff?
if you're so worried, go talk to the bullies' parents.
though seems to me you are a through and through jerk
if you can't control the dog at all times, it does not go off the leash,
its not an either or scenario
you didn’t like being bullied, i promise he doesn’t like it either.
all of this reads slimy and gross.
you have a wife and kids.
i once lived in an apartment where i could hear every noise my downstairs neighbors made.
complaining to her is not helpful.
you were desperate to have some control in this situation, but you couldn't get it, that frustrated you, and you took it out on her.
it's only thing to see that the years in the company isn't enough to justify their getting promotions, but another to say that the 30+ years straight-up have no value.
however you went way too far by saying that is why he has no friends.
can we talk about something else like that captain marvel trailer?" ps go to therapy :)
invite once, and then leave it.
take your coupon with you if you want the coupon to be honored.
- depressed, suicidal people can still try to explain away their feelings, so he was right to take precaution if he felt you were in danger, even if you explained you were not.
maybe next time something like this happens, you could go for a beer with a friend.
i read your post history and i’m sorry homie, but you’re gay.
; you sound very entitled and petty in your post.
have the decency to at least call him and talk to him about it.
if someone else wants to go faster than you, move over.
i don't know how it works where you are, but here it would be expected for an exiting tenant to receive their deposit back, and a remaining tenant to pay the new one (or the new tenant, if someone else is coming in to live there).
you ruined this girl's career at your place of work for no reason.
- i’m pretty sure this is here in the uk as part of the jobseekers scheme to get people to actually job search, and yeah you should have to work for your benefits.
think about it--your roommate, who you know, arriving at an unexpected time was enough to send you running for the pepper spray.
but it sounds like you're doing it just to prove your point, which is shitty.
what a silly reason for an otherwise great person
but here's why: > either it was a family member passing away or an argument don't remember you couldn't even be bothered to listen to him and remember what he'd said he was struggling with.
he’s probably just going to keep ghosting you.
by freaking out like this and refusing to accept that he is doing what he needs to for his child, you're going to do irreparable damage to your relationship.
unless you can point at the electric/water and prove there's a significant difference between the months before and after she came, then you don't really have anything to complain about.
so hard this reads like a shitpost and you don’t miss her.
you have a smart phone right?
you gave her a day's notice.
> it's not that i don't trust my son, no, you sure don't.
if she has strong feelings a lie is not going to stop her.
i guess it's your decision in the end, noone can force you to hire a certain person.
oh and also just because his manager agreed with you doesn't mean he's not bitching or laughing at you now, my managers always agree with complaints because they don't want to lose a source of money and that's it.
if he's going to cook anyway, why can't he make all the breakfast and you make the lunch?
jerk off like a real married man.
do you think she learned a lesson?
it sucks when friends leave you, but unfortunately it’s a part of life.
i get not wanting enemies, but re-hashing a year old debate by offering someone "forgiveness" for an apology they never gave is not only smug, it will not have the effect you want.
it would make your mom happy for you to join everyone.
he often came to me for advice as a friend.
you clearly understood what they were trying to say, but you decided to pick the battle and fight the fuck out of it.
- she sounds like she has issues and you're judging her life based off of your own view on what a life should be like.
but if you don't want that, then you need to look at high-quality daycare or nanny options for the babies.
if you tell her that’s the reason why
its her wedding; if she and her husband want to serve gummy bear and pickle sandwiches, they can.
it is also understandable from your standpoint to decline the proposal to drive.
you’re deliberately trying to make your dog uncomfortable for your own amusement.
it is also a sneaky way for people to not tip because it’s carryout but you occupied a space.
did her phone stop turning on after you threw her phone on the floor?
from what i read, it seems that you don't want an outcome like this.
it sounds like slack is meant for business purposes, not to call out what you deem to be gross behavior.
say your wife works 6 hours a day, and you work 8 hours a day.
: jesus man, just tell your gf she's f'n beautiful.
but trying to squeeze money out of your friends goes beyond being an asshole.
never step outside their comfort zone?
because you are trying to tell other people that their struggles and desires aren't valid.
here’s why he isn’t the asshole.
and it is your wife's family, so now she's in an awkward position.
my personal items from my dad are a picture and his hat.
let them know where their weaknesses are.
that being said, she sucks for demanding you turn it off or don't watch it at all when she's around.
\- "she countered that we changed it to chocolate frosting because my nephews like it, so clearly there is room to change traditions.
she got in her uber outside and called out to me saying “babe” implying she wanted me to follow her and get in the car but i just said “no, i’m not going with you” so she gave me the middle finger and took off.
if you do it over text.
for threatening legal action over a meme, joking or not, as the account owner had no way of knowing you were serious or not because how could they?
you sit here and talk about how much you love her and want to take care of her, then turn around and talk about how you don't want a lon distance relationship.
- i agree entirely with the wife.
for straight up firing her over something petty.
if they still keep doing it i’ll flash my headlights.
you don't how much money they make.
if they're living outside your means, just say so.
this guy is supposedly your friend yet you clearly have no respect for him.
did you get your food any faster?
this is a pal of 4 years, ya know?
if i don’t have time i recommend they peer swap within the class or go to the writing center.
why watch something just to stress yourself out.
be honest about the things you struggle with.
yeah, it sucks, but that’s life.
at least then is half-ass understand.
despite how i may feel about those opinions, and if they themselves make you an asshole; i don't feel like it's the place to have that discussion here.
i picked a dress that i liked that also respected her beliefs.
- seriously c'mon to all these people saying ", can't help how you feel!" these are the same people who will scream  at the random dbag boyfriend op will find next because he fits the bad boy checkbox.
the friend did not arrange for another ride in the days leading up to their trip because you had already agreed.
you were legally drunk when you drove so .
having said that the way they reacted is fucking insane.
your boyfriend has given zero reason for you to feel insecure.
aside from the fact that this screams r/thathappened,  if you left the trash on the floor
she should totally be pulling more weight, but that wasn’t your complaint so i’m inclined to say  as well as her.
yes it’s extra work to have another animal but that would be your roommates responsibility, not yours.
you should have respected her wishes.
you’re brushing it off the same way you did when you looked at them and thought “those aren’t mine but they will be way tastier than the chips that are mine.
as an american-indian myself, not only , but you are every stereotype of backwards fob the rest of us abcd's shit on.
the situation wasn't created by you, but you're allowing it to continue.
for kicking your mother when she’s down.
let me put this in perspective for you--i've counseled sexual abuse victims.
your sister got drunk and attacked your husband.
it’s just a petty level of immaturity that just makes you as bad as she is.
- would have been not ta but you used the word "force" her to get an abortion - which i think you know is wrong.
there are more financially responsible ways to be charitable.
however, you could have said to your gf, "hey, i know your parents are struggling financially.
based on what you’ve said i agree with you that your sister needs to move on, but i feel you needed to use a bit more tact here.
go make friends with someone you don’t want to sleep with.
even if it's true they were on kind of a break or something, it's clear it's not a full break since they still talked twice a day and she did want to hide what happened from him.
, you did not respect your brother and sil’s wishes regarding what their kid can and cannot play.
> "you dont get to out me as trans, people get killed for that" oof yeah you're def an asshole.
it doesn’t mean she believes them or has a plan to prevent that.
weighing it up i’m going for
i dont mean this in a bad way.
it's not fair for you to want to control what your boyfriend does with his drink.
you think of them as lesser than your daughter simply because she is your daughter and they biologically aren't yours.
technically this is copyright infringement and illegal- they could sue you if you didn't remove it.
you know how uncomfortable it is to have someone's cold feet/hands/body pressed up against you when you're warm in bed.
still married then  for how you are treating your wife.
you’re only narrowing the pool of loving families who can care for the child.
think of how much it meant to you to have her in your wedding.
you need to decide if you think that will escalate or not.
: take it from someone with experience.
i can't help but wonder, too, that you've told us a version of events that is overly favorable to you.
this is some childish shit, and you need to handle yourself in a more mature manner all around.
, even though you think you're just implementing corporate policy.
life doesnt just get eaisier when your having a bad day, so you have to deal with it and smile and wave at your brother.
but if you are worried about “your girl” getting “snatched off the street” because nobody is around to babysit her, those are some impulses you’re going to want to keep in check.
&#x200b; personally i'd be stoked by the outcome but i understand why you might not be.
- your mother does how much for you and you are being a jerk about $4?
you should have spoken to your sister before you ever started suggesting other therapies or philosophies.
i also think she shares some of the blame for not making sure she would be able to handle the cat there before moving in.
it sucks that you’re struggling to find work but you should be applying to everything, go work as a dishwasher (there’s always dishwasher jobs) and have the chefs there train you up once you prove yourself a hard worker.
if the man doesn’t wanna take his shirt off he doesn’t have to
the company's needs may change, your duties may change; the length of time you've spent at a company is irrelevant.
it doesn't matter that she did it first.
you say you go on the sidewalk so you don’t get hurt by a car but don’t seem to take into consideration the safety of others.
while some things are definitely relationship enders, this was not one of them.
you feel bad (classic pity ploy) and you want to make her feel even more uncomfortable, long after you should have let this go.
he put you outside for 1-2 minutes so you’d knock it off, and you didn’t.
how would you like if you were feeling severely depressed and someone said to you, “no, your beliefs are wrong — you should find comfort in x instead”?
she didn't have to get you anything but she decided to think of you in that moment.
if you all joke together and do it in front of each other, that's okay.
like right after you start dating you’re asking her to change her body.
you don't need to wait for your boyfriend to do it.
while you’re not wrong that 13 is old enough to make her own lunch, it’s maybe not old enough to make the right decisions on what to have for lunch, depending on her own personal maturity and nutrition education.
i would take their plagiarism piece and turn it in with your completed part.
as for salvaging the situation: ask the gaming group(s) if they'd feel comfortable pitching in $5-10/ea a session to hire a babysitter (or whatever the amount works out to for your group size and areas childcare costs) once you've sorted that, talk to the female half of the couple and see if she's still willing to host y'all and if she'd be okay with a babysitter.
i have a friend who went through a miscarriage and she could hardly stand to go outside her apartment during the day for more than six months because there were always children outside playing.
i talked to them and they just said i have a house and comfort to myself and just to tough it out.
for one, don’t eat other people’s food.
you say the original plan was for you to get married in the church that has been special to your family for generations, but also that you have had no input other than your tux.
- you don't seem to have a good grasp on what ingredients are (gorgonzola), what part they play in recipes (a milk base instead of ricotta in a lasagna will be bland and often gives veggies a "dirty" taste, and rice with no sauce of any kind is obviously going to be bland) and as a result made bad choices when ordering.
if storage is a problem because she owns too many dishes/cups/bottles, then sit her down and talk to her like the adult i'm assuming you are.
this is where "favoritism" comes in.
and honestly the way you talk about her is bordering on not okay.
- sorry to say it, but you were really mean to someone you say is one of your closest friends.
you are about to graduate, i'm sure there are a half dozen events where you can get snazzy.
and you’re like “he’s an awesome kid!”?
it's super entitled of you to "blow up" on people who are having sex in their own house because you, a guest, dont' want to hear it.
if it was once or twice that you were late, i'm sure the professor wouldn't mind - but if you're doing it on a regular basis, that's on you and your professor has every right to get pissed.
the proper response when anyone gets anything is "congratulations!".
whether or not it 'worked', that's abuse.
, but you probably more than others.
() a professional should be able to separate two patients and not disclose any confidential information.
you shouldn’t divorce someone because of that reason.
if you're more concerned that your best friend will be hurt over you asking him not to speak ill of your girlfriend then you're either not that invested in your relationship with your girlfriend, or your relationship with your friend isn't stable enough that you can ask that without it dissolving into an argument.
- 100% you're an asshole for not thanking them.
they have a right to refuse you service, especially if you are consuming so much that they cannot adequately serve other paying diners in the restaurant.
it is an awful feeling that you can't get rid off.
you said privately that you were uncomfortable, you didn't just up and leave during the tantrum.
by the way, the parental issues and that crappy voice in her head is a big part of what leads such girls to having relationships with an older men in the first place.
seriously get your head out of your ass and listen to them.
st patricks day is a month away, why do you care about them putting up some black history decorations in the mean time?
just because it's not a holiday doesn't mean you can't put up decorations for it.
you were resting on her seat!
why are you holding all these things over her head?
some restaurants have a shit ton of staff fighting for jobs or good shifts and one complaint can screw them over.
literally breastfeeding my 3 week old while reading this.
leave it alone unless there’s a reason for you to make this your issue.
are you sure you don’t have romantic feelings?
if you flat out tell him this and continue to hang out with these people.
sure, it’d be nice of him to do that, but by no means is it a requirement or expectation.
> her kids are allegedly allergic to peanuts > my niece claimed a someone who has a legitimate, life-threatening, epipen-requiring peanut allergy, you were immediately ta when you threw in the words 'allegedly' and 'claimed'.
trying to be a good bro and help you out.
like yeah, her being a woman likely helps her gain twitch viewers.
and a stranger wouldn't take two hours out of their day to drive you to and from your extracurricular, so perhaps it is you who should show more respect.
organic or not, it's still littering.
that being said, i think you’re making a lot of random assumptions to fuel your mindset.
or tell your roommate and have him talk to his friend?
it sounds like the cat left and you didn't do anything about it, and if that's the case .
for that, you’re slightly the asshole.
i’m going to go with  here.
so assholes don't have to stand the whole time to see what's going on?
your parents are entitled to not pay the insurance if they don't want to, whatever their reason is.
page 34 - your sensitivity about your girlfriend's insecurity has made her feel a little better about herself.
walking from one room to another?
she's trusting you with her sexual health.
not the for giving the kid up because you couldn't care for him, but your seeming obliviousness about pregnancy ("fell pregnant" twice in fairly quick succession) makes you come across as totally unqualified to be a parent and .
legit no obligation to hug you, at all.
— i think it would be  if the subject just came up or if you guys hadn’t just started seeing each other, but to bring up your preferences and go immediately to asking her to shave right after the first time having sex— i would feel pretty upset and disappointed too.
it's not your event, it's not even celebrating you, and you're not organizing it.
she doesn’t owe you that time to begin with.
this would be similar to asking him to take off his shirt on a bus.
the "my days off aren't for you" is absolute bull!
you guys made them worry about the state of their job for an hour on their day off.
time to man up little boy and take responsibility for your actions
so you should do what he wants, and not the other things.
any time you use “i joked...” twice in one paragraph to explain yourself, you aren’t communicating directly with your partner and are hiding what you are really thinking behind some passive aggressive “joke “
for splitting asking for the bill to be split.
if you no longer have any intention of following through, yes, , but if you drag her through an additional hell all for nothing, you’ll be even worse.
- she has every right to cut her hair in a way that makes her feel good and comfortable about herself.
the main purpose of having a "fuck buddy" is to, well, fuck without any commitment or attachment.
if the $$$ spent makes you butt hurt, don’t spend anymore money on it.
what could i do to make you feel better?" then actually listen to what she's saying.
if your room smells bad, it’s affecting your living, and they shouldn’t be affecting the way you live.
i could see it either way though.
honestly, you're an extremely shitty friend.
yes he messed up on the cheating but getting him deported is low as hell.
because obviously you don't know 1) not go on facebook via your own free will and 2) shut facebook notifications off.
you have some major apologising to do if you want to stay in their lives, but as someone who has been where they are, i personally wouldn't give you the time of day.
it seems the new bf is also an asshole but you’re sticking your nose is a place it no longer belongs.
what kinda stoner wants someone who’s bad at joints to roll their own?
it can cause so many issues.
break up entirely or leave other girls alone.
to  she clearly doesn't want a baby.
not for you to rate her face on a number scale.
also, i'm curious to know if your wife had an issue with the middle name - would she have had veto power?
i’d recommend some serious soul searching.
i understand why everyone else is saying not the asshole but this part gives me pause.
it’s perfectly normal to wait extended periods of time before you have sex.
you acted childishly, especially after knowing her image issues.
, you’re not together anymore and she can see whoever she wants.
is there any way she could get her job back??
but it wasn't the right time for you to say so.
also i can almost guarantee you, someone is going to spot that tag.
not the asshole for how you feel, just how you handled it.
definitely a little odd on your end.
she does not report to you.
unless his place of living have a specific law as what a person can labeled themselves, i don't see why you should care.
this seems totally backwards to me.
bipolar disorder does not work that way and they know it.
there's more to kenya than violent slums and white people visit kenya all the time without problem.
dating another guy who was considered a brother doesn't mean she should want to date you.
you reacted so much more dramatically than you should have.
my guess is she messaged your bf because she assumed, rightly or wrongly, that if she messaged you then you would try to get her to take your cat to the vet instead of doing it yourself.
but you’re not helping your wife or her sisters by fighting.
have you ever considered that it's the way you say things?
on top of that, she’s an adult.
it’s one meal, don’t cause a scene or make it about you.
it sounds like this shared apartment is the one that she considers to be her home, and certain liberties come along with that - i don’t think she should have to submit a request a month prior for every time she has a friend over, especially if she’s there alone and wants some company.
she is essentially living a lie, would you like to be told in her shoes?
as a gay individual, i do not believe in outcasting an opinion because of what their sexuality is.
other men will always exist, other men who are interested in her will always exist.
plus you're going to file a complaint even though you're leaving soon (a complaint which seems to be more out of spite than actually giving a fuck about the noise).
&#x200b; but the most important take away is that her having a baby inside of her does not suddenly make her body free to touch.
by coddling their bad behavior, instead of correcting it, you're raising them to be entitled, and honestly coming across that way yourself.
maybe have a frank discussion with your partner about just what they get out of porn?
you were the person he trusted the most and you completely betrayed that trust.
people are using it that way, so it does mean that now, and the "joke" has been lost and it's time for a new one.
- obviously she sucks too, but you took it to a whole new level.
you need to decide the value of the relationship.
() for going through your mom's texts.
what you did was inconsiderate and her reaction was hardly unjustified
you and your boss are assholes.
and seem to have their lives in order, good careers etc and weren't in any way asking you to raise their children or babysit every day or weekend.
you were the asshole the minute you had an issue with them getting a dog because it might interfere with a favor they are doing you.(and really, it doesn't.
just make your wife’s life easier, make the lunches without making it into an argument she now has to deal with.
you should of been aware of your so’s habits before moving in with each other.
why kiss someone you know is in a relationship?
your neighbor didn't have to clean up that huge tree for you, but he did because he was probably feeling real bad about the devastation it caused you, and he went out of his way to ensure that wouldn't happen again by paying for additional unnecessary tree removal.
&#x200b; would you like it if she started throwing out stuff you like?
he's childish for wanting to quit but it sounds like you coerced him into playing in the first place and then singled him out as the reason you weren't having fun.
you have the flu and for some reason get a virtual doctor's prescription for that (???) and decide you need it immediately, so you call your recently sick mom to come jumpstart your car.
i’d be upset too by that.
additionally, even if you use a debit card there is most likely a way to add the tip.
it might be good for both of you to find more productive/less scary ways to vent your anger.
, he was angry over a break up and you decide to try and turn him over to police?
for making me read this screed that boils down to, "i armchair psychoanalyzed a friend and pinpointed his mother as the problem faster than you could say sigmund freud." your chain of reasoning: he is depressed > because he is lonely > because he can't hold a relationship > because he is to narcissistic > because of his mom.
i love when someone’s solution to a problem they made for you involves more work on your end.
personally, i would try to move out asap and offer to take both dogs.
she'll feel even worse in the future if she finds out you're not gay, and it's shitty to pretend to be gay when you're not in a situation like this.
your friends and family and strangers shouldn’t have to pay to help you considering you are not financially hurting.
don't approach it in an angry manner, invite her to lunch or coffee or something privately and explain why what she said upset you and tell her you want to talk about ways you two can communicate better.
you knew she wasn't feeling well, and acting weird, but didn't care.
i think its awfully unfair to expect more from your husband for your child than his own even if you are married.
5ish, though, they've already got a good handle on things and it's not uncommon for trans adults to say they knew they were trans from that age.
you put these people that had no business knowing about any of your brother's or his parents business into the equation, for what?
listen to your conscience here, bud.
have a talk with her and your plans.
he gave your permission if you told him when it happemed, did you?
she said straight out that she would be “totally embarrassed.” but she said flowers are sweet.
always asking her how she feels/how she's doing may seem polite but it could be annoying her if you do it too much (and it sounds like you may be, but i could be mistaken) and she's made it rather obvious that she doesn't intend to speak to you about herself.
or even better, maybe talk to her about it instead of gossiping.
they could put you in the same box you are outting others.
if they don’t ask, don’t offer.
for wanting to leave your kids behind.
she’s given you multiple hints that she’s not interested.
this isn't irl so i'm sure he'll be fine with it.
acting like this will only make you look stubborn and insubordinate.
because, if i'm reading this right you'd be taking the kids to school on a monday anyway so why not give your wife a chance to lay in a bit.
otherwise it's probably just like a $20 difference in your bills every month, and honestly, i think that's worth paying in order to keep the peace in the house, both for now and the future where you might also have a partner coming over.
what really did it for me is the whole "if i see her and her bf i'll stop and talk, but only to the bf", super disrespectful.
if your ex has npd then why talk so lightly about it and in such a way as you did?
you are 21, you aren’t a child.
- she planned a party, and planned to pay for most of it.
having worked in a hardware store, we always had to ask what people needed help with.
after making some changes your friend might forgive you.
but you, during the course of a visit to see your mom, manage to singlehandledy upset her entire life.
&#x200b; if you insist on hurting yourself by not getting the help you know you need, the least you can do is not make your friends accomplices to your stupidity and self-destruction.
you merely did it as a scare tactic to try and get them to pay asap.
the driveway thing isn't polite, either, but the screaming is the true jerk issue.
blocking someone on everything because they didn't talk to you *without even trying to talk it out first* isn't really the best diplomatic solution
i don't blame you for being annoyed, but you're an adult, you should be wiling to accept that sometimes things will annoy you and you just have to deal
she’s a child and you just told her you don’t care her dad died.
why not tell the truth and bond over the fact that you both like tennis?
let her be her own person, too.
overall i do understand your lack of attraction though.
did he get to sit down, eat and watch a little tv?
you just as easily could have posted a sign saying "if you sprinkle when you tinkle, please be neat and wipe the seat!"
sounds like a waste of a great chance.
now those people who stuck their heads out?
- you’re approaching “nice guy” territory.
&#x200b; by the way there's nothing wrong in not wanting to date her further because of the wheelchair, you're free to choose, all you had to do was tell her as gently as possible and not be so much of an ass about it.
- there really isn’t even a question here.
- if you want a housekeeper and personal chef you're going to have to pay her what you'd pay a housekeeper and personal chef, then deduct the rent.
, but you're just ignorant that's all so you're also .
you might want all of you to “go see it together for the first time” but if they see it without you, you shouldn’t be getting pissed at them, especially because it’s just a movie, and you weren’t available to see it, and they would be willing to see it again with you later.
would a fair consequence then be for them to dox you and get their friends to harass you in turn, to teach you your actions have consequences?
on top of that the aap now recommends having a baby sleep in your room (in their own bed/crib) for 6 months to a year.
so you known a girl less than a year and promise to dedicate your life to her - but you choose someone over her.
won't be long til you both get a reputation for being living enema bags.
or at least let her end it, without all the guilt like she wants too anyway.
— it’s a medical procedure and she is the patient.
you can’t say that kind of thing about people’s dogs.
he may be a kid right now but he can still go to juvy for this.
yes you're sister did a shit thing but maybe you could've helped her to get her life more on track.
you found random strangers on craigslist (of all places) and want to let them move into your roommates' shared home without even letting them have any say about it.
she says my excitement for her isn’t genuine and that i say all the right things but don’t mean them.
maybe just clarify to her that you just meant you want to take things slower, not that you're actually losing feelings for her
however if you blame her at all for any of this, then , and a gaping one.
she didn't make you look the fool, you did.
yea, she might have been eager, but there’s no need to be so mean?
however, you should tell them how you really feel.
did you think he thought it was going to be funny?
you got up to "play with the host's cat" which sounds like you went off to sulk, basically.
strangers didn’t sign up to deal with other people’s children, let alone be physically grabbed by them, so you should have apologized.
it is probable that the time he is spending gaming is negatively impacting his life in ways that are unhealthy and necessary for him to end.
why not the dob of your parents in one place, and your kid (and possible future kids) in another if you really don't want your wife's dob on there?
why should he spend his time helping you individually if you won't spend your time showing up to class?
idk how to fix it but having an open convo with your girlfriend could be helpful.
- you should be grateful for the experience.
especially since you seemed to already know why the fireman was in the neighborhood.
you seem well intentioned but to a certain extent you have to respect the victims wishes.
ear plugs and a sleep mask are only a few dollars, so there's really no excuse to not grab a pair for *both* of your sakes.
- i can't even tell from you post what really went on but i can tell from your attitude that you're an arsehole
perhaps it would be good for her to get some counseling to talk about her feelings and help her work through it.
you met this person through the band and as such it's a bit disrespectful to your son to pursue it.
you could offer to pay for the extra pork chops you got next time since you dis end up eating them.
she should have pulled her weight but extortion is a shitty thing to do.
i understand x feeling you were callous or cruel and therefore feeling vengeful, but hell no it’s not ok to attribute something that could have killed you to “karma”.
did you pay attention to who got them.
now they have to deal with the fallout from some uppity asshole complaining that they stink.
because your buddy is a cheating piece of shit and you made it clear that you weren't telling his wife out of any concern for her.
the system we live in right now means most wait staff rely on tips for their income.
no one gets offended because i get it - no one wants to be used as a space heater all the time, every time.
it sounds like your maturity level equals that of a ten-year-old.
like i get it, but she’s about to go under the knife for you, which has risks for her health, and you’ve convinced her it’s because you love each other when all you’re seeing her as is an organ farm.
he wasn't doing it on purpose to tick you off.
i think that's weird, and a sign of a terrible parent.
another way to think about it is that if an extra car could've fit, another one probably would have before you got there.
i'm going to go out on a limb and say that if you're old enough to come on here and post about it, you're old enough to learn how to make your own lunch so you can eat what you want.
why are you trying to intentionally hurt other people
holy fuck, man, what is wrong with you?
i can see where their lack of advance planning with an invitation might seem rude, especially since you do most of this.
if you don't want to be in a relationship anymore, that's totally fine- but you need to be more respectful when ending them.
talk to her like an adult instead of getting passive aggressive like a 14yo teenager
but keep taking the high ground, they have less ammo on you.
and also, you’re just playing a game.
you took a cat home and didn't even give it a full 24 hours to adjust to its new home?
some folks would argue a strong gust of wind could push you over to the wrong side of the line (that "wind" might come in the form of one too many drinks, spending enough time alone, catching each other at the right time or in the right place, a bad fight with your boyfriend, cody being shoulder to cry on in a moment of weakness, etc.).
a stuffed animal that the kids picked out actually seems pretty cute.
in my experience usually not a lot of work gets done for a group project on the day it is assigned and you kind of just need to get used to it.
him leaving the club is totally justified.
friendships take effort, and it sounds like your priorities are elsewhere.
he didn’t break the rules you have agreed on but you still felt insecure.
if there was a real concern and your parents knowingly ignored it, then they'd be the assholes.
i’d get real hot if i found out this was happening at the table, regardless of whatever justification i heard.
why set your daughter up for her brothers to resent her?
i very rarely saw h because she was spending so much time with her new friends from college.
maybe they weren't great gifts from your standpoint, but to your cousin, spending hours drawing something and choosing presents (yes, even if they're secondhand -- who are you to judge his finances?) was a thoughtful act.
if you say bigoted shit privately, that doesn't make you any less of a bigot.
it probably makes a difference to your brother in law from the sounds of it.
however, it was a 20 minute game and you reached out afterward.
you are 20, so that makes you an adult.
ofc they're going to be dismissive.
she can work two jobs if that's how she wants to deal with her expenses.
he's doing his job and your not following directions.
if you buy leather shoes, use certain beeswax, hell even partake in some food dyes that are made out of beetles for food coloring then you’re technically not a true vegan.
i bought you flowers even though you said you didn’t want them.
it's perfectly reasonable for her to want both of her parents' last names.
stop humble bragging about your salary, stop giving things away in order to feel good about yourself and get gratitude from you friends.
why does her autism, which clearly wasn’t severe enough for you to be bothered beforehand suddenly a dealbreaker?
if you get banned from online gaming multiple times, you need to examine yourself and figure out what you're doing to be such an unlikable person.
, the issue is not the smoking but the broken promise.
i'm sure you're perfect though, so i get why you'd be so hypercritical.
and you are calling her a brat because she's upset.
you just had to show care, concern, provide food/shelter, etc.
, people work at their own pace and you do not know if said person could have went home to do it that day.
if they were taken professionally as i imagine they were if she's gifting them to you, nothing sketchy happened.
>if being made fun of for being overweight bothers you so much, maybe it's worth losing some of it if it causes you pain to be treated like shit, you just need to change whatever your bullies treat you like shit about and they'll stop*.
or offer for it to be communal teabags and keep it on the counter.
also how can you not see how much of a dick move it is to get others to lie for you?
what would you have preferred: her feeling well or getting worse just so she can be with you?
were there two people in that uber?
although i'd highly recommend talking it out rather than any sort of revenge.
i was fully prepared to be on your side, but...
so he wants you to spend your free time cleaning up all your shit.
this way, things need to be washed in order for people to eat.
i don’t know what kind of bs “research” you’ve been doing but you absolutely do gain weight before the third trimester.
people have boundaries and you should respect them, and wait for people to tell you things when they are comfortable to do so.
, a massive one at that too.
either get therapy or stay away from the ladies.
your body does not know what “real” trauma is and your girlfriends body is responding as if it is life threatening trauma.
you just made a decision and then got pissy when they didn't offer to pay for whatever you decided...
you should have just deleted it after showing him.
it was one step too far on you part.
- it’s rude of him to just show up and expect your help.
so you tried to be nice on her birthday?
instead of owning up that you were tight on money and bring up more seriously than a one off comment you weren't going to be able to afford that place.
i feel sympathy for your teacher.
you have a really unhealthy view of friendship where it seems to mean that your friend is obligated to do whatever it takes to deal with your problems.
you agreed to go on a date with someone else.
he handled the situation with the waitress politely and was honest about getting therapy for it.
good luck it isn't easy x
you put your boyfriend's feelings aside for a concert with a guy you know he was uncomfortable with you being around.
the bird did not go through a prolonged suffering.
when someone brings something to a party, the remaining things are left for the host.
sounds like a breakup is in order.
your dick is never clean enough to touch other people afterwards.
if you do it by points, you’re prioritizing the kids from better schools who have more resources to travel to tournaments and rack up points, which isn’t fair to the kids at smaller schools with worse-funded teams.
this really isn't the kind of thing you shpuld be raising your voice about.
it sounds like moving her in with her nan was not a good choice since she was homeless before this and it wasn't an option for her then.
the love of your life may not have finished high school but, what does it matter if they give you the things you can't give yourself?
he's doubling down on stupid to save face.
is expensive and you're not contributing financially.
, try that shit not working for a relative and see how long you last .
don't ruin anyones life, speaking from experience it just doesn't go well.
the proper thing to do was to tell her that her attitude was upsetting you, and that you did not deserve to be treated so disrespectfully.
, but this sounds like high school so it’s honestly kind of par for the course.
your lack of concern for others is disturbing.
unless you make it perfectly clear to her that you’re not going to be with her if she ends it with him
- your friend is going through a lot and yet you didn’t respect his initial decision not to be in the band, and you instead “talked him into” getting back with the band against his wishes.
he clearly doesn't care if other people like it - he likes it, which should be enough.
-- but i think we also need more information.
i get what you're saying about where you are now not being welcoming, but rather than discussing that, you made it about the money?
they should have just ignored you and played without you if they wanted to play, but you saying no playing and immediately playing with someone else is a bit jerky to start with.
you might not even want to be friends with someone like him...
at best you come across like a tattle-tale.
just because he doesn’t have any goals now doesn’t mean he never will.
, but instead of letting this eat at you, just try to improve on your conflict resolution skills.
no double standards apply here really.
the hunter may be able to gather some fallen branches and whatnot, but without an axe, the process is going to be a chore for the entire week, whereas he could easily keep everyone fed all night.
> if people we know see her there, i will be seen a fool.
you need to make it clear this is a you problem, not a her problem.
i wouldn’t be surprised if he had been hinting at it the entire time he was with y’all and you were too oblivious to notice so of course you’d think it just came out of no where.
don’t you understand the term oil?
if you don’t want to be their friends anymore because it’s too taxing on you, don’t be.
a little  for ending the friendship imo seeing as he didn’t cheat and even told you to be polite....but it’s your choice so i’m sticking with .
- everyone check under your seats, we are giving away free assholes!!!!
that's *both* of you working toward a common goal, and a reasonable compromise.
i don't care if she was paying attention or not.
they are confused on the project, but have good grades.
get out of the passing lane if you aren’t passing.
what if you needed someone to cover and they said “i won’t do it because you’ve never agreed to cover my shift.” you would never get a shift covered.
there are other ways of doing this while still coming home every night.
also, you’re a high school student and they’re trying to teach you how to properly manage your finances and care for a car.
he's working and earning his own money and saving.
you should have just told them immediately after you confirmed.
it sounds like you’re reducing your wife’s autonomy to her womanly duties.
it took me awhile to stop it completly just because i didn't want to be different- i wanted to be like everyone else and participate in meaningless trends - but i just couldn't take it and deleted the app.
seated guy saw the whole thing and thinks you're an asshole.
don’t euthanize it unless it’s truly warranted.
the "correct" thing to do is to give them a 2 weeks notice(if you're american at least i'm not sure about other countries)
however, it’s not up to your roommates to cater to your needs.
, just because it doesn’t seem like you or your parents identified any worrisome behaviors.
let other people manage their own lives and health.
the bloke was a pushy bastard but the rest of you?
it wasn't really hurting you to host the data while his computer was in for repair.
however, your other friends who went to the party are also behaving kind of like assholes by ignoring you - that’s crappy, passive aggressive behaviour.
- your parents are a lot more mobile than the baby is atm.
you're more of an ass for the title when that's not essentially what happened.
the word doesn't personally offend me, but i can easily just not have it ready for use in my vocabulary.
this is where the bbq beckies and permit patties of the world come from.
i think you need to get your shit together and move back out for everybodies comfort.
the what if scenarios could go on and on, they are all legitimate.
for expecting something free just because you waited a few minutes she’s the asshole for saying “he only gets one” assuming she did say it that way
if it will blow over then let it.
along with the idea that you're kind of treating her like an object here.
i don't think it is within your rights to kick him out of the house for this.
you might get in the zone as such but you should have called to say you couldn’t make it once the shit hit the fan at work.
it sucks, yes, but you just have to be patient.
on top of that, everyone left your mom out on a big decision.
this isnt (or shouldnt) have anything to do with social anxiety.
that's pettiness to a whole new level.
i'd say  for not liking tantrums.
b/c let's face it...your kids are going to be ostracized for these things, especially when they get older.
if your friends expected you not to miss board game night for that then they're all pieces of shit.
he may be defensive bc he was caught, or genuinely hurt you were accusing him.
she's an asshole also, of course.
at the end of the day it's his life and business.
you just can’t say that word.
straight or not you're trying to interrupt some else's committed relationship.
- as a general rule, don’t ever call a woman a blob.
i mean "my treat" for a movie, she didn't slip him $50 to go with you!
if people are sad over a person's death you need to respect that.
she wasn't shit-talking, she said she feels like you are uninterested.
especially threatening her to fight you.
you know what you're doing is shitty.
if it’s an upscale place like you said, they may offer to put in new carpet with thicker padding.
i'm confident that a near 50% hike in her rent would be heavily damaging to her financially and she cannot accept that.
circumstances beyond her control are taking away an opportunity she was looking forward to.
it doesn't matter if it is an off leash area, you need to be able to control the dog.
and you blame the bf for that?
if you use a slur against someone who the slur pertains to....
the more you lose, the harder it is to turn things around.
what if he is called away for work for a few days, can he not go?
i don’t think you should have reported it.
also what is it with americans and being 'ratted out'?
none of this really amounts to evidence that the relationship is unhealthy.
if a dog is coming barking and full on dangerous then he acted right and saved him and you.
diversifying a workforce actually causes an increase in productivity.
if your friends are as tight knit as you say i think it would unjustly put the focus on them.
i’m saying this as someone who grew up in a tiny town where folks used (and still use) the r word in the way you describe, used “gay” to mean stupid, etc.
now you know it's not a choice and it's good that you're an open enough person to let your mind be changed.
she may suck, but you need to get your head on straight.
if you get mad at her for this.
she's allowed to be pissed at you, and express that she's pissed at you.
you want your learner permit badly so you should be let off the hook for being unreliable?
later, you ask about it like it's some strange thing (it's not as uncommon as you think), she opens up about a personal medical issue, and you tell her to calm down and ask why she dared keep such a secret from you.
i get you want to help...but he just wants to enjoy his stuff.
also why should he have to make up for your share at all?
and you focus on the fact that she's bigger than you and your friends.
for wanting to break up before talking about it and trying to figure out what's the issue.
why do you need so many dryer sheets anyway?
throw out all the crap in the house and force her to work out with you.
now, on the scale of assholes between the guy with 11 items in the 10 items or less lane, and hitler, you’re definitely like 12 or 13 item guy, but you’re still an asshole.
and you will get prosecuted for lying by not disclosing you knew defendant.
that was insensitive even if you didn’t mean it to be.
it's not an issue of legal/illegal, it's the fact that you just plain stink.
as someone also living with mental illness, i understand how difficult it can be.
don’t say it’s different because cats are different - that’s just your opinion - the cat is her pet whom she loves and wants to keep.
you should apologize to your sister and get a license.
by comparison shopping, you might be able to lower your entire family's car insurance costs and thereby convince your parents to add you.
if you can’t do that you’re an asshole and not a very compassionate boyfriend.
don't even get me started on the fact that shit got so bad with dwarven that even you, with your low standards, had to kick him in short, every last one of you sounds fucking horrifying.
you should have been an adult and started a real discussion instead of just deciding he has to be ok with this.
why would you just blow something off like that and think everything is a-okay?
women who have been raped have been disfellowshipped (aka excommunicated or shunned).
just walk around and let them do their work without any insurance liabilities.
you're  for taking a woman on a cruise, obviously.
i would be hesitant to call it cheating, i don’t think i’d personally label it as cheating mainly because of the “break”.
if you had fired him based on poor performance, then you're in the clear.
you should probably apologize to everybody you mentioned in your store, including that ceo.
that was 5 years ago and i still wish nothing but awful things happen to him for the rest of his life.
- you're going to break up with a guy because of a phone malfunction?
he needs to learn how to make good decisions for him and his body, not just be forced to make them by his parents.
if he can afford to keep both, i suggest you get yourself a different cat :)
they dont have to cater to you, you kind of have to cater to them.
you assumed the worst of everything they said.
&#x200b; even worse because you knew she wasn't actually serious.
she never even confirmed that she was 100% down for a threesome back when you were 21.
that implies she didn't forget and that she never knew.
if someone took government money because they can no longer work due to injury, would you feel the same way?
&#x200b; one person holding the spot for multiple people isn't really fair on those behind.
he’s had a shitty life while incarcerated.
i’m shocked you have to even ask this actually, he goes with his friends to see movies you’re not interested in.
but also, be the bigger man, there wasn't any need to make a scene.
he drew a swastika, hitler mustache, and turban on the poster.
there's a reason why those elevators are reserved for cargo, because if asshole kids and faculty keep using the elevator, the people trying to deliver cargo will have to be stuck waiting for a minute plus each trip while the cargo elevator services passengers.
her stupid ass rule of “no vaginal contact” but i’ll sleep in the same bed with another guy and do everything else.
also your post history is a train wreck.
what would be the point of finding the rabbit's body?
instead, you decided to be passive aggressive.
you agreed to go clubbing and it was just one night.
an attempt can be both a cry for help and deadly serious at the same time.
after that session she totally changed around me and we had better times together.
she would probably be a lot less crabby then.
this is what people have been calling bi-erasure.
your father was abusive, and he taught those abusive traits to his children apparently.
the point of humanity is that we do good things .
there could have been other alternatives to just kicking him out (i.e.
maybe he's genuinely struggling, so why not try to help him study or something?
looking at the other posts she's 37 and you are 34.
this guy is going to struggle with self image, trust in relationships, and his own behavior for a very long time because of you.
(though 2 months is pushing it.).
i think it’s remiss of your gf not to have introduced you to these friends but i don’t think you can ask her to go without you.
as for being distracted that's on you, it's just clothing.
a nice thing about anime cons for him is the people there are generally friendly, tend to be a little more socially inept, and don't judge others for said ineptness.
also the fact is he wants to get you into an even better financial situation and get to a place in his career where he doesn't have to stress.
your aunt meant no harm by it and was actually super generous in my eyes while you seem ungrateful over something that probably meant a lot from her to you guys.
playing these games with each other is silly.
it sounds like he was giving you a ton of signals and you chose to ignore them.
and based on the misgendering in your post (what are j’s preferred pronouns?), i’m going to guess that’s what happened.
he's not wrong, engineering is a notoriously difficult subject to major in.
i would just pay equally and learn from this for next time.
because intimacy breeds contempt and there few things more contemptible than a slacker in close quarters.
showing an interest in something you're not interested in because you're invested in the person who is is part of maintaining a good relationship.
those people also get to speak.
maybe donate them to the food bank instead.
people like jewelry it more often than not has sentimental value.
"my reluctance to tell my current so about my wealth stems from prior relationships where it’s clear in hindsight that my former sos weren’t interested in me but my money." ...
don't betray on your own comrade, soldier!
if the op has more questions, they can message the mods to get it unlocked.
that's not saying you are wrong to feel the way you do about sharon, cause she sounds awful, but there is no way you can invite paul and not his wife without you being ta.
, but not because of the money.
which is exactly what she's doing.
she probably didn’t see the dog dedicated part, and dogs need water too.
you should be ashamed of yourself.
he didn’t cause the damage, a crack head did.
regardless of what you prefer to eat or what you watch, thank you.
and so you are being a shitty friend to her, and getting angry that she dares to actually figure out why you are being so passive aggressive against her.
why did you commit to 20+ minutes of this knowing he wasn't enjoying it?
you really couldn't think of any reason besides her skin color that your daughter would find her interesting.
yea, i mean it's a "choice" but there's other repercussions for declining a shift request.
that's not for me to say, but you had the option to purchase the headlamp and, as your dad said, go on google, and figured it out.
promises need to be kept, we don’t need more politicians in this world.
and if you don't want her to be embarrassed then just give her the flowers at home.
with it being so low, just ask for all the money upfront.
therefore no one comes out clean.
i'd rather my partner lied to me about jerking to my ex, friends or family members.
&#x200b; ya'll need to talk face to face like adults, apologize to each other, and try to move forward.
to be honest, it's mostly the fact that there are some things that don't add up in your testament that give me a lot of pause.
talk to her about the hang ups you have in a non judgemental space.
in almost 100% of the cases both parties suck for their own specific reasons and this case is no different.
if he’d offered to just keep them in his thoughts, would that have affected you the same way?
she was still paying your bills ,though, so i think you were out of line for not letting the friend stay.
you should ask in advance if anyone wants to chip in beforehand.
try listening to your parents for a change or move out while you still think you know everything (which is what it sounds like).
she's probably tying to save money and if no one else is available then it's probably out of desperation.
> she is being childish and overdramatic your father murdered people, but the "dramatic" one is your sister?
if you were able to push a button and make him unable to partake in all the nerdy shit he's into it won't make him grow up.
you had a duty to inform him of the ongoings of his car.
not because it’s gay, but because it’s unsolicited porn.
sure, it was an immature thing to do but it's not something to fume about until the next day.
the truth can be hurtful and hard at times, but it is the better alternative - and will leave you looking like .
maybe wait and see if the item actually receives any damage before making a mountain out of a molehill.
your son receives a diagnosis that explains his suffering for years, and *this* is the first response both and she have?
your intentions are good but it is kind of a asshole move to give away a gift someone else bought you especially since you live with them plus they gave it to you when you were 12 and still use it from time to time.
- but then again like with other mental disabilities they would have to know you have one first.
if you’re good with making the trade, go on the trip and start dating melissa.
people started false rumors about him.
it'll likely cause a lot of problems and make her miserable.
doesn't sound like they're good friends to me, and you're being unfair to him.
self-control is part of being an adult.
i wanna lean toward no assholes, but i do think you're being harsh.
i had a friend and roommate who had chronic problems with keeping his word and helping out on favors.
plus it sounds like other people have paid for you to attend...
don’t shame her for the choices someone else has made for themself.
you pretended to be her friend, acted like you were okay with it, until you couldn’t have her.
also according to you, your friend (who you talked about) was reasonable and kind, she even understood you.
if nothing else,  for pretending like you want to help him change when you very obviously have no intention of ever doing so.
you need to get your priorities in order.
- the wedding is in 2 days.
further, if she’s going over there to drink and/or smoke pot - she’s keeping it away from you (advisable in this early stage of your sobriety).
i won't even have a conversation about my phobia.
i’m not sure that you understand how generous your father is being.
she has her own life, and while she enjoys looking after her grandson, to expect her to look after him until after 7pm so you don’t have to drive longer than you want to is just plain selfish.
edit after reading your responses: i honestly didn’t think you were this much of an asshole.
for not acting like an adult and yelling in room full of children.
the two are not mutually exclusive.
or do you resent his as unearned or lucky or something?
what exactly would you be arguing for in a confrontation?
smurfing is looked down upon in the gaming community and it's really disheartening for those lesser players when they know they are going up against someone who is obviously so much better than they currently are.
instead of being jealous that she gets to take time off school, how about being grateful you don't suffer from debilitating pain?
don't blame her for your reaction.
laughter masks pain, if they were teasing you about your income it’s because you had mentioned it enough times that they got sick of it.
secondly, every foundation i know of that does this work uses the hair they shaved to make beautiful wigs for cancer patients so they can have hair again.
i'm only saying this because its only been 2 days.
also, it is entirely normal and healthy for people to want to spend time alone.
people can talk to who they want.
you don’t pay for their apartment, so you don’t have any right to their parking spaces.
don't go into a relationship you want no part of, and than ignore her.
they usually just get an idea for the leads to make sure that it's a good idea, and see what happens during auditions.
she’s being a bit of a brat, but that’s what you get with a teenager.
this isn’t your typical relationship, and you can just make plans and blow them off whenever because you’ll see each other at some point anyway.
a lot of languages take words from other languages and incorporate them or a version into their own.
get a grip dude, it's only going to get harder.
do you think that maybe your nurse wife knows well enough about what is right for her and the baby both because she is a nurse and knows now what her body is capable of?
maybe she sucks and is lying, impossible to say based on what you wrote here, but you suck so hard for getting into it like this.
if you see a specialist for hearing then you may want to consider going to both your university's disability services office and the housing office and asking what they can do about getting you a compatible roommate *or* even getting you in a single dorm.
your mom is an asshole for bringing all this down.
why are you frustrated and resentful about it?
couldn’t have just, you know, spoken to her?
everyone is saying , but honestly you're wasting the time of students paying thousands of dollars for this class and if you keep doing that then .
don't be that guy that gets all sour.
some people experience a downslide every now and then, and that is completely okay.
clearly you are unsatisfied with your sex life and that's the conversation you need to have (again), not a confrontation about your inferences based on the placement of sex toys in a drawer
(but only very slightly) you *are* under a certain level of obligation because you're living rent/expense free with your parents, and you should be contributing to the day to day running of the household in a lot of the ways you've described.
a guest and a friend of your friend became ill in your house and you threw him out.
if you do this, because you can't possibly know if they're really homeless.
let me guess because you only hinting that you needed food, all the food she bought you was a gift and there is no obligation to reciprocate (you're right legally not morally)  and you're not mature enough to have an adult conversation with your co-habiting gf.
it’s a movie you can pop it in again, clearly he likes it otherwise he wouldn’t have watched it.
obviously you are 100% perfect at your job, congratulations.
, b is clearly an attention seeker (possibly due to his parents not giving him attention or a learning disorder) but you should keep your hands to yourself.
however, donating to charity on someone’s behalf is sort of an asshole non-gift unless it’s a charity that the gift recipient is an active supporter of.
cool your little jets, shes not contagious.
your buddy is looking for attention.
- you are a flaming asshole infact.
however, the more mature thing to do would be to sit down with him and have a conversation on why it is offensive.
google the definition of addiction and you'll have your answer.
it was your idea, and mushrooms affect everyone very differently.
that's not how any of this works.
there will be plenty of other opportunities to go out with mates
you then go on to consistently say lesbians are into you.
it was a cute way to propose.
for ruining her meal when she was just trying to be your friend, wasabi is hot af to some people and i doubt she could taste much after that
-- i may be wrong, but this reads as 'my close friend tried to kill herself and i'm more concerned that she didn't text me than for her safety'.
you really didn’t need to go off on him for it.
your coworkers 'work ethic' is no concern of yours.
&#x200b; go to the wedding, however much of a dumpster fire it turns out to be, do what you have to do for that day, and if you still want to dissociate from her, cut her off directly after the wedding.
if this is a recent realization that is a direct result of your wife having asked this of you, .
i don't know just how close your fiance and her daughter are, but it sounds like they have a very good relationship.
it's really shitty to score people, and really objectifying.
- he should have done better initially.
you are taking for granted the work it takes to earn money, buy food, cook food, and put it on the table nice and hot.
many of my people lost their homes, having to live in school classrooms for a few days only to return to homes blown away.
just for the use of hubby hub alone cringiest post i've read today
if you think doing things like this is ok.
actually just throwing it out, which is even worse.
so,  for not taking your wife’s condition seriously.
if you take this out on your brother.
- sounds like your girlfriend is the victim of sustained and serious abuse, and you judging her for not being self-aware about it is not helping.
it pretty much always makes things worse.
that they berated her in front of everyone?
my husband sees it all, every day, all the time.
then go to school and apologize and discuss the situation with your guidance counselor.
the fact that you have a sexual history makes this friendship different to a platonic female friend and it's pretty normal for a gf to be uncomfortable with that.
there's a better way to communicate and it's not shutting down the way you are.
save someone else's life and donate them
lan parties (where a bunch of dudes get together and play video games in the same house/building) are still around, and another great option.
you threw a fit like a baby.
sounds like you need to suck it up that someone might need to pee when you don't have to.
it's not like you live the next town over.
, you didn’t just watch this as a bystander you actively participated in the deception.
just remember how you feel right now when you have kids.
i don't know what it is.
if you're going to specifically give them something they don't want out of spite, you're missing the point way more than they are.
she was probably pissed at you and lost all respect for you.
communicate with him and find out when he's there.
choosing an animal as a female role mode is indeed unreasonable and disrespectful.
somebody let you borrow their property and you immediately broke it.
if the dryer had been *done* i would say , but she had a reason for having it set so long.
- you're right that she's kind of apologizing wrong (by shifting blame instead of just accepting responsibility, it contradicts the apology and makes it appear insincere), and reorganizing your room without consulting you resulted in inconveniencing you, and she should be a little sorry, even if it was well-intentioned.
usually one side of the road will be plowed or sanded better and i wouldn't blame a person for sticking to the safer side.
i personally have never gotten sick from my girlfriend's sicknesses ever, over 10 years, so i would've been there without worrying about it.
what privileges of the lgbt community is she enjoying exactly?
if you’re that particular (or perhaps it a prescription of some kind?) maybe just take it out of the shower when you’re done.
also, unless you fell asleep at literally midnight for 24 hours then you were still awake for some of your girlfriends birthday.
plus, if you think 15-20 pounds, while pregnant, is “letting herself go” you’re ridiculous.
- just how old are you two?
start paying for your damn child dude, even if you don’t want to be in his life.
first of all, ‘straight heteroflexible’ is an oxymoron.
be honest with her and explain that you simply aren't attracted to her.
but deliberately inviting him to your flat knowing that it makes amanda uncomfortable and upsets her is seriously immature and asshole behaviour.
he's not being lazy, he has a mental illness.
lmaooo no bro that's not weird.
it takes 30 seconds to text it.
there will definitely be a way for you to nip the way she says it in the bud.
also she's heavily pregnant, and probably has a lot of hormones which make her feel more strongly than she would otherwise.
to yell at her at a party to the point where she had to leave and then implied she's a gold-digger is straight fucked.
now we have a terrible relationship and i don’t talk to him.
babies don’t get all their vaccinations till they are like 6 or 8 weeks old i think, so you’re not supposed to take them to busy and crowded places.
: i feel bad saying this because i understand how much physical limitations and injuries suck.
now, that doesn't excuse your father for being a massive friggin' jerk and destroying your property.
i recommend not talking about politics if you want to get along with everyone.
she is your wife, not a video game.
why are a brother and sister and you living together at age 30?
i'm not a parent, nor do i ever wish to be one.
if you value your relationship then you need to tighten your shit up quick, my guy.
for the way you said it and the fact you doubled down on what you said after she told you to knock it off.
i am female and literally write like a 5 year old, so yeah it was pretty sexist to assume someone can or can't do something better based on gender.
nothing here is black and white, it's all grey.
you can go for hours conversationally this way.
and i feel ok saying that because i have an incredibly weak stomach as well and had 2 kids...but guess what i had to change diapers because i'm a mom and for some reason moms dont get a pass...i would change diapers gagging and trying not to puke and sometimes would puke but guess what i did it.
take the hints and leave it.
there are plenty of times i'll say goodnight to my bf/friends but then lose track of time scrolling through instagram/facebook/youtube.
and ffs don't write a novel next time.
you could have stopped and brought the dog to an animal shelter.
my suggestion is you both go, get a hotel, he goes to the wedding, comes back and relieves you for a few hours so you can go to the reception for a bit, then swap back so he can go for a few hours.
now she is left trying to think of all the reasons why a great and wonderful man would break up with her.
i’d often do so after working, or being exhausted from sports/therapy, or any number of things.
i know your anniversary may seem big, but when you join a sports team you're saying that's your priority like work.
, why does being a mom mean she can't dress how she likes?
you don't have to get involved in any of the sexual stuff, but they can do whatever they want to do, so long as they're not pressuring you to get involved.
it’s fucking trash that doesn’t get easily picked up, gets ingested by animals, etc etc etc.
if she were a man, nobody would blink twice about body hair- it's funny how people generally only get weird about body hair on a woman- suddenly it's "unhygenic" when in reality, it's just hair.
the best help you could've given them is to help them get home
just use this as a learning experience to stop lying in a desperate attempt to impress others.
instead you behaved like a total asshole.
anyone would assume you were going to bring both meals back and you’d just eat together.
i'd shout at you too, christ.
that is way too late when she’s travelled all that way- regardless of how badly you think the message would have affected her if you’d told her earlier.
no, it absolutely would have been rude!
you created a huge problem, and now you want to tap out when time and hard work are required to fix it.
but there’s no reason that if he wants to sit in his chair, he shouldn’t.
you say it took two days/dinners for a family of 5 to eat the whole thing.
and still are by spamming religion.
reason #3 is irrelevant to the situation.
if you genuinely thought you were fulfilling some kind of fantasy for him then why wasn't he there?
why not simply ask your kid "did your teacher say that i'm not letting you do my homework?" why would you risk starting drama without even checking to make sure you've got your story straight?
it's fine to have a budget together, it's not fine to have shared bank accounts yet, especially if you're going to be this controlling over her money.
he didn't ask permission to use your things which is super rude, but you didn't need to be so vindictive about it.
and that is not justified here.
i'm glad your classmates have a bit more fucking empathy...
but  - he potentially saved your life or your limbs.
and many of them are probably doing so for the same excuse you are, so if they shouldn’t take the lift neither should you.
you've been with this dude for eight months but you're engaged?
you said she's sharing her life with you.
in my area bikes are not allowed on the sidewalk and pedestrians always have the right away.
you should've told her that you were in a relationship.
nope this one is on you huntey.
, i don't think you should ask, if you don't trust him that's a problem.
it's nice that you wanna be supportive but this can easily lead to you forgetting about yourself and your needs.
not for not spending time with her, but because you actually want to do something with her and you're allowing your other friends to say no.
at least then she has the opportunity to address it (or not).
if you instead had parents who were duped by clever marketing into pushing you into a prestigious school that you couldn't afford, otherwise you'd be a failure, you might have turned out differently.
95% at the very least is the amount of time i spend not talking to people in public.
you called him knowing it was his wedding day then threatened to let him go if he didn't do what you want.
maybe they've got inventory to worry about.
nothing to do with so called discrimination.
any perverse disincentives don’t benefit the people who are dying every minute because of the many problems w the organ donation system materially and philosophically.
just parent them through it properly and stop excluding your mom if you don’t have to.
when it apparently was going to be a group decision 2.
but the boyfriend since he's being lied to & cheated on by one asshole (his girlfriend) while the other asshole (you) still has a torch plus wants more than a fwb situation with that asshole (girlfriend).
maybe one night stands just aren't for you.
you might be right about her motivations, but calling her out on her own identity is a bullshit move.
he’s not a trained army veteran.
cam the child come to work w the dad?
you're opening them up to liability and removing their choice from the equation.
this isn’t at all what is acceptable.
why would anyone want to shave their toes and fingers??
not because you didn't ask for his permission (because it's not his to give; she has her own sexual agency), but because this was—by your admission—a recent breakup, and you had an expectation that doug would be irritated, yet neglected to even tell him and created a climate of suspicion that convinced others not to tell him.
they are not so far separated.
you gotta let them know or they'll continue to think you're a jerk
while it's policy, if he's a decent worker you should still work with him.
> eve now thinks that i am an awful friend that makes fun of her brother you are an absolutely awful friend.
- i'm a 3d animator and i work wherever the fuck i want (remote).
part of being a responsible pet owner (a not asshole) is taking care of the pet.
would you like to come over to my place for dinner sometime next week?” it’s not that hard.
that’s like if your husband is paying to outsource his own job, netting negative income in the end.
if this isn't a shp then most certainly .
and as much as it sucks, their house, their rules.
&#x200b; respect your partner's boundaries or find someone you can respect.
your gf can talk to whoever she wants 2.
i didn't agree that that was true.....this pissed him off further.
if you don’t like them then earn the money yourself and pay your own way.
the money she won in judgment against him is hers.
way to be an unprofessional asshole by constantly talking about her behind her back.
i’m kinda shocked as to why everyone seems to think this is a reasonable response.
if you have a problem, wipe your dog’s butt with a wet wipe and/or trim it’s butt fur so things don’t stick to it.
your girlfriend said that she would sleep with her patient if she was a therapist.
it is absolutely your right to choose to smoke.
you don't live there, so you don't have a say in what your ex does with his home.
especially if you see that they are that talented.
she clearly wasn't holding the door open for you and then you made a smug remark.
the best thing you can do is tell her you understand that, apologize and then to leave her the heck alone.
a good relationship is a team and should work together to cover all your bases.
all in all, you both sound like you're overreacting.
your friend is a hoe (sorry not sorry) if she’s going to cheat on her boyfriend and go browsing and hunting for another boyfriend when she already has a perfectly good one.
for being a coward and hiding from the consequences of your own admitted asshole behaviour.
, that would be very selfish.
this would make it really uncomfortable for both roommates and is just rude.
do your *fair* share of the work and don’t treat your so like a maid.
a wound that old would probably just rip and tear, cause a lot more problems and old heart ahces and feelings.
you're throwing up all kinds of flags.
, but i’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume it’s out of inexperience and immaturity rather than innate prickishness.
that would be pretty petty of you.
for valuing the opinions of strangers on the internet more than your girlfriend's.
the truck approached after you, but reached their stop first so they were up next.
this is a gross overreaction to the minor inconvenience his offense caused you.
but i also understand how it would hurt her feelings and it was honesty bound to come out at some point or another and start drama.
at first, i was thinking she was being demanding.
not for saying that he told you the story before but how you said it.
you were doing so well but  if you actually put the dog to sleep vs pound or dropping it off with the mom or her.
i pretty much agree with your friends.
that is always and asshole move.
sounds like you have expressed these thoughts and want her to change how she dresses for you, so yes, you are a huge controlling asshole.
your reasoning for not doing it is fair enough.
it’s ok to let your niece know that this is something you have struggled with too and if she wants to talk about it you are always open.
no one asked you to stand up, they wanted the seat your backpack was on.
also, don't assume people don't understand spanish based on their looks.
, as i've read in the comments that she does accommodate your needs when cooking.
that said - neither of them is ethically ok because they are both unnecessary surgeries generally performed on children without consent.
- just because you're a fussier eater doesn't mean gf should always get stuck with 2nd best.
why would you *want* to talk to abby, she sounds like an asshole.
bruh you were getting sex for free from a literal prostitute.
plus weight alone isn't a great judge of whether you'd find someone attractive.
use your words and ask him to help you get off too.
is it really too much for her to get something nice?
you and your friend agreed to make the sacrifice and take the less desirable room in order to be together.
he was clearly trying to tell you to set a firm deadline and he help you reach out to his friend who was super busy.
someone not helping with the dishes?
this sounds like a “accidentally in purpose” by the way you’re describing it as well.
however, that's not the system we live in.
your poor planning is not these people's emergency.
>i then met my significant other, who i will call d.
even after an an acceptable passage of time, does this cousin not have a facebook or something?
if you bring it up randomly.
you did assignments and didn't turn them in which sounds weird.
>, i decided to use this as a teaching moment absolutely laughable.
you’re always an asshole for not communicating.
and a restraining order for what 🙄
i’m sort of leaning to , but for the most part .
that really was an asshole thing to do!
in the context provided he made it a point to apologize and throughout the conversation was passive and not argumentative.
why are you both pestering each other to do things the other doesn't want?
you're at fault for laughing at someone else's grief/misfortune/loss.
if you get angry at people who reject you, it means you are thinking of their love as something you are entitled to ...
you are supposed to pretend they are not there.
the fact that you’re aroused by her rape (let’s call it what it is) suggests that you’re not empathising with her trauma or seeing it from her perspective.
it is completely out of your lane to interfere.
maybe instead of focusing on what you think they're doing wrong try some self reflection.
it isn’t your place to decide who can or cannot be in the chat : your job as a moderator is to enforce the streamer’s rules, not to make up your own, even if you think you’re helping.
not a surprise for high school, but it puts you on the same level as him.
>i counter with this bonus was essentially "found" money that may never happen again so we might as well have fun with it while we have it.
however, i think it was awful of you to boast to your friend about a celebratory event that she isn’t invited to attend.
if you put in anything subjective that would potentially harm her ability to be in the country with your father.
if it's a pattern, and you're committed, couples counseling might help you two to learn how to fight in a healthy way.
pay for the whole thing yourself if you plan to take it with you when you move out.
, you are being incredibly harsh.
it's not like he forgot to log out, he temporarily left the room with the intent of coming right back to the computer.
you asked him for a loan, you pay the loan back, or he and anyone else you pull this shit on will never help you out again in the future.
you express that because of your anger about these things, you wouldn't welcome him back.
not that it matters cause hearsay like this doesn’t mean shit to the cops, especially over drug use and petty theft.
yeah, nobody died, but it's a massive loss of cultural heritage for european culture.
> well i am extremely upset and i dont think this is okay at all.
asked a pretty perplexing and rude ( because, who asks that?) question of a strange girl in a bar, then probably acted pretty aggressive in a yelling match with her boyfriend.
to say “she’s not skinny enough” for anorexia doesn’t mean there aren’t other problems with her mental health there.
if you’re that sick, locking yourself in a pressure tube full of people and forcing them to risk their own illness in close proximity for the flight is so not cool.
next, he had an anxiety attack and said he wanted to leave the band.
just because it’s inconvenient for you you’ve made a habit of always asking him for a ride?
you also asked what you could say to make her feel better?
the point i'm trying to make is that things are typically not as simple as you are trying to make them out to be.
sometimes teachers understand students struggle and give them some grace during the learning process.
maybe you want to think about who you’re a dick to in future because somebody else might have taken all your money and thrown it in the fucking river.”
i get that it goes both ways but it’s extremely immature and unhealthy.
i lived through the 80’s and 90’s watching friends die from aids, because who cares about “faggots.” this was stuff i heard.
also yeah i agree with the other person that's commented so far, asking for kisses is 100% over the line.
they are so used to being abandoned they are constantly expecting it.
the holocaust was made possible by local collaborators, including poles, ukrainians, french, and yes, latvians.
get her a gift to make her happy, and read about the 5 love languages while you’re at it
her supervisor is obviously aware of the situation, and that's all you really need to know.
the sibling thing isn't really an argument at the moment you are looking at a 10 year gap and it's very rare to get a sibling relationship with that kind of gap.
and even if she is breastfeeding, she can express milk and you can give it to your child from a bottle.
if you claim to be chivalrous, you would have dealt with that in a better manner.
it’s borderline impossible to follow this narrative, but it sounds like everyone is being ridiculously petty including you.
that same hair would be inappropriate in a restaurant because we have a cultural agreement that those parts of your body should be covered in a place where people sit down and pay for a meal.
you weren't 'friend-zoned', she sees as a platonic friend, like any other normal human being.
the other dog is troublesome because neither of you care for it and it is acting out to get attention.
you are not the only person in that house, and you need to have good relationships.
if possible, i'd recommend trying to earn some cash and move out.
you aren't even together just talking, no harm in her talking to someone else unless your agreed to be exclusive.
you may not be able to help your emotions because of your mental health problems, but you can recognise when you're being demanding and an asshole.
it seems like you give them the chance to fix it so....
even if your intentions wasn’t to hurt her, it’s much better if these things comes from her personally when she’s ready to tell him.
so i would say this if you said you were deliberately antagonizing river in any other way.
he probably knows their judgments and should be given the option to come.
"sorry to disappoint you guys" with weird emoji faces).
- you’re being an asshole to your future children, cause there’s a slim chance they will grow up in a happy home by the sound of it.
from the sounds of it, she drank a little more than expected, but still reeled it in, for you.
dude, family *always* comes before a stupid videogame.
>the other night she was introducing me to some friends.
- why would you yell at your aunt and grandpa over an innocent little comment, which is probably true being a teenager myself and always being on my phone.
just because he never mentioned wanting this doesn't mean it's new to him.
the weight given to peoples’ words should be based on firsthand experience with the issues as hand.
the fact that she did something sexual that you don't care for doesn't mean that her value as person has been erased.
you should’ve waited for her to be comfortable enough to come out..
how would you feel if your partner broke up with you on your birthday for having fun at a concert?
the words unattractive and gross should have never come up.
at the end of the day it's def her choice to stay or go.
but you did something with no regard for her feelings and something that you know will hurt her when she finds out.
- why did you feel entitled enough to approach someone's employer?
what you did is victim blaming.
asking if it's ok doesn't make it better at all, imo.
both dogs need to go to the humane society because neither of you are capable of actually caring for another living being.
does that make her an asshole?
but you are for what you said to him and the spirit of which it was intended.
(your girlfriend, not you) it's fine that she doesn't want to try to be friends with alice anymore - that's her choice, but you don't wait until the day of to cancel plans (especially if there's any sort of lengthy drive involved) unless you come down sick or something comes out of the blue.
i'm sure she wants to be a part of your grandchildren's lives.
this all hurts your feelings for some crazy reason, so you acted in a way that caused a woman to get hit in the face.
celebrate his new happiness with him.
i want to say that it was immature so maybe you didn’t know better but god damn, yes you did...
he's a little kid and he loves his mom.
you'd have to be a moron to think that this could actually be funny or a good idea.
but there's no harm in, as your friend warned you, erring on the side of caution.
have some faith that she is an ex for a reason and that their relationship is over.
you intend to move out and leave the risk of having randoms in your room and in the common areas up to you ex-roommates.
obviously this guy loves you and is likely hoping you feelings will change with time.
as a fellow introvert, this is exhausting.
saying you don’t want anything with him, then going along and hooking up with him sends him mixed messages, and will leave him confused and hurt.
i mean, yeah, he technically “owes” you half the money.
&#x200b; give up the cat, give up the dog too....
i know you can make the very best life for your daughter.
that's fucking weird that you expect anyone but yourselves to handle the operations of your home.
you are the reason people hate cyclists.
but as you say, her companions had also just met her.
it doesn't read like you are trying to have a good relationship with them.
or what racially charged language you used?
all you can do is ask politely to borrow it.
go get a job if you want to buy better quality laptops and tvs.
finally, and most importantly, you were told not to crank your system with the kid in the car.
> everybody thinks that i'm being an intolerant, unsupportive asshole.
you told her in front of a group of people that she smelled of cat piss.
work things out with your other friends or find a new airbnb to split, but don’t expect your financially-struggling friend to pay for it
you were the one wanting someone else to give up their chair for your group that came in later wanting to sit together.
you hired a 19 year old to have sex with you and be your girlfriend.
~~, (and when i say "you" i mean your father was the asshole) nothing is forcing you to use that bike shop.
couldn't stand working in the field you had a degree in.
people can eat what they want to eat no matter what is or isn't at home.
you didn't even give your boyfriend a chance to be there for you.
unless you can see a baby's head popping out of her vagina, don't assume she's pregnant.
for assuming that being able to look at someone makes you an expert on their life and body.
grief is a very personal thing, and people take it at their own pace.
the united states does not have an official language and english was by no means the first language spoken here.
it should be your responsibility every time.
the only reason their joint accounts exist is to constantly give updates to their relationship.
you know the right answer here.
\> feminist teacher targets me for my anti-feminist views, it's not your views my dude...it's how you act.
not for first writing phrase but because even after researching racism you still didn't see anything wrong with it.
what happens if she is sick?
the majority of the deaf population can hear to some degree, it's just severely impaired - so cranking tunes in the back, for example, would be picked up by most people.
maybe  if you file a report before telling him the issue, but if it persists i wouldn't say you are necessarily the asshole, but maybe make it a quiet word with a manager rather than a formal complaint.
also, if you feel that other people are judging you based on how your 3 year old is dressed then i recommend telling them "she's 3, this is what she likes, asshole".
you're lucky you didn't get hurt, if that deer can shatter a windshield imagine what it would feel like to get a kick against your head?
she didn't know your dad well so she didn't experience the grief herself, but she was there for you regardless.
that's showing a massive level of disrespect to her.
give her a chance to change before you cut her out.
as fun as it is, sex is for making babies.
buck up your ideas or you're going to fail in the working world.
also i don’t know anything about you and your moms relationship but it could of been she thought it as a chance to reconnect with her son and then she got mad when you decided not to go
no clue why hitler is hilarious to him (millions of people died).
, it's not his responsibility to help you get your assignments done.
i would say somewhere between  and .
it takes a very long time to get over that, if he ever does.
- because you told her adoptive mother when you know she can't keep her mouth shut.
you took what could have been a reasonable request to a few co-workers (it sounds like most of the kid-visits are from the same few people) and turned it into a formal complaint to management.
one lets you be a lot lazier.
no harm was done after all.
yes, including rules we may not like.
he gave you the bump because people tend to take students words over teachers in these situations.
the hair/residue from your shower clogs up the drain and stop the floor from drying.
why not take the opportunity to take care of her a little more during this time?
it seems like a small thing and you feel like you’re justified in your actions because “stress, alone time, not hurting anyone, blah blah blah” don’t do this, dude.
, be a professional and go to your job.
, and also a little brat.
that's a shit ton of money.
if it was nothing more than a one or two night fling for you, you shouldn’t have done it.
if they were waiting for you they would have indicated that by acknowledging your exit from the bathroom because they would have deliberately kept an ear out for it.
as a woman, i would be completely offended if someone on tinder asked me for my weight.
but being upset he’s a virgin?
i know it was an accident, but she shared something deeply personal and you need to respect that.
she also probably didn't understand what you were feeling.
also, regardless, you need to get "taylor" out of your life.
you are allowed to be uncomfortable dating trans people.
if she is bringing up ending things now, the thought has probably been active in her head for some time now, and this might have just been another thing that you did that made her feel belittled.
- this won't solve the problem.
how can she ever build a life with kids etc.
that’s basically feeding her a script or demanding she repeat herself until she says words in the proper combination.
you are holding the relationship hostage; she had the cat when you met her but you now want her to get rid of him because you don’t like them.
i also don't understand why you feel the need to take a break from the friend.
how do you know he wasn't suffering from constipation?
you guys will just need to find another way to discuss these issues.
- the words 'entitled' and 'spoiled' come to mind
just because he isn't seeing a doctor about his acne, that doesn't give you free reign to just pop all of his zits.
&#x200b; ~~not a big asshole.~~ but you absolutely should have asked her before touching her.
you decide how you want to be treated.
it will never be the perfect time to leave.
, all they did was offer to participate in the church activities which you had already refused to do yourself due to your injury.
you unilaterally decided to replace the fence that was solely on your property and then got upset when one neighbor didn't want to pitch in?
this is going to sound silly, but a chore tally could be effective basically you take out the trash $1 for you, dishes $5, he leaves per-$1, etc, you both agree on rules and at end of week someone has a surplus the other buys beer/ponies up.
it may be a joke or it may be him projecting his feelings and trying to get your attention.
first and foremost you posted to her wall knowing damn well it was in anger and trying to put her on blast, don't weazel out of the truth it makes you look bad.
look i love having discussions on the internet but i’m not going to drag it into a drama where i get into fights with my family over disagreements.
it probably crossed her mind that you may doing something she may not agree with and is using other excuses to cover up that thought up.
saying that you pay for your online, is absolutely not an argue point.
you're not small children having a sleepover.
pack is everything to a dog; they’re extremely emotional creatures.
i look back at many a time i sat in the corner when people were around, and now i would give plenty to have a moment like that.
letting him get away with it would only encourage this kind of behavior and lead people to believe you are playing favoritism.
to me, that's a noteworthy and defensible point for you to argue.
it does not give her a perfect lens.
she probably panicked when she realized she was left alone.
- judging others for what they like is like asshole criteria number one.
plus, if they get measles they become a health risk to anyone who cannot be vaccinated for medical reasons.
they are being transparent about the costs of these things.
op, would you like your mother in law to see you naked and spread eagled?
i'm stunned your friends still hang out with you given your behavior.
this is one of my biggest pet peeves.
he was rude to you, but then you were rude and transphobic.
no, your so is not obligated to argue with people on your behalf.
- ah, if you're going to react like that an internet server is probably not the best place to vent - guy was just trying to give you some support and conversation rather than the generic 'that's rough, buddy' answer (or nothing at all, which apparently was what everyone else was going with) and you were unpleasant back.
and i cannot imagine ever telling my parents they should stay in a loveless and violent marriage.
you shouldn't have to remind someone that you're worthwhile anyways.
if you’re unhappy with it, why don’t you go on craigslist and buy a cheap used car?
going around and throwing that in the faces of people looking for hope or consolation makes you an el giganto piece of shitto.
if someone is crying and says that what you are saying is uncaring or making it worse, then you should listen and internalize that.
now, i'm not equating you with a guy who attacks women.
age is another important factor, as he grows he’ll understand that there are times when he needs to be quiet.
even a bullshit made up reason to spare her feelings.
luckily it was only homecoming and not prom, and after high school no one really cares about that shit.
though i wouldn't go so far as to say you were harassing her, you probably should have just taken the hint and waited quietly.
i've gone to funerals thousands of miles away from where i live without my husband.
, but definitely in a humorous way.
- but only because of the "for his birthday" part.
what they're doing still is an asshole move though.
to be honest, i think the best thing for you to do is to try and forget the past.
i’m not equipped to handle it.
2) you have no idea how hard it is to shake someone like this.
all you want is personal gain for merely referring him to someone to better his life.
maybe he doesn't think i'm attractive.
i'm just judging you as a disgusting creep.
and if you have a problem being fully yourself if she's listening or there and worry she won't know you're joking or understand or whatever that's a whole different matter you need to address, rather than just hide her from it...
it's really not a big deal.
i can't even finish reading this because you don't understand the kind of harm you are putting on your daughter.
it looks like her best option would be a prescription for ella, a newer post-sex contraceptive drug.
this is not an important event for anyone...least of all the groom.
giving your friends an ultimatum when they are all just trying to make due with the crappy situation nick put them in is sucky.
unless your brother is a liar, it sounds like he had a legitimate reason to break the commitment (a friend in need), and you definitely overreacted and lacked empathy.
she's giving you plenty of notice.
but if you want to do it at *her* house, then she has the right to refuse these friends who sees, * as toxic.
relationships are full of compromise you need to have empathy towards your partner.
i really appreciate you trying to help me, but i’m happy with it.” even though their comments aren’t to “help” you.
i'm sorry but it seems like  a bit here.
&#x200b; not the drunk part, but the "it felt good to do something to hurt her" part sounds a lot like you're doing it for revenge.
you got salty and drank someone else's drink you orginally graciously bought...
have you heard about media representation?
what different definition did you intend?
fify &#x200b; edit - you are more of an asshole than my actual asshole.
size has nothing to do with it.
you say he is creepy but there are no examples of his creepiness in your story.
my best advice would be “not your circus, not your monkeys” basically, it’s his relationship.
you know it's something in your power to do, you know it's equally your responsibility, you know it will make her life easier...
because your stepdad should be scared of him or something?
you dont put rules on your soon to be wife, its a bit worrying to see that you think you can explain it and make it seem okay.
she didn’t ask for you to nitpick her eating and calorie counting, so don’t.
one of them is a stepchild.
, at best you're putting your kid a potentially developmentally or emotionally damaging situation.
you made your friend the third wheel, and since they didn’t know anyone, they had the added stress of having to make a good first impression and assert themselves quickly if they wanted to be part of your group.
&#x200b; you couldn't have waited until you got home?
you need to act like a professional.
, 99 percent chance he was trained to ask customers what project they're working on.
if you truly haven’t, that’s a different story.
“one girl said nice dress, and i said “thanks”, then nothing for the rest of the night.” you do know conversations are two sided right?
you understand what turns him on better than he does?
that kind of behavior isn't socially acceptable--of course they're going to brand you a sore loser.
for specifically the wedding as there is no "formal" required dress code.
you glance over the fact that she's depressed and make it seem like weight is her biggest problem.
- you're young and you're learning.
you claim she's your friend, but when you speak about her behavior, you call it "fatfishing".
she signed for your parcel as a favor.
(oven, coffee pot.) you need to learn to co-exist, or reconsider having a roommate at all.
- because you don't even realise why she might be upset.
all those boxes you aren't unloading are now forced upon the rest of your team.
completely disrespectful to leave dishes in a workplace sink
i don't know if they're still a thing anymore, but there used to be kits that allowed you to 'cast' your partners dick and make a dildo from that.
if you thought this was something you needed to do, you should have just broken up with her instead of playing with her emotions.
, you want her to tell you everything she hangs out with a guy.
recovery is something you will be doing for the rest of your life.
i reckon it can help to fall asleep better to lean back too.
what is your actual problem with her meeting up with this guy?
kenya is a pretty safe country to travel to.
on that note please, be the *ss.
bisexual people have a lot of hurdles to deal with when disclosing to partners, especially men.
you’re suggesting people with anxiety just...
so the way they feel may be a result of what she shares with them.
obviously it will be "in his face".
you even talked about how much she was helping you out, and you're the one to pass the flu on to her in the first place, otherwise, she would've been able to have fun with her friends and only have a hangover and not a flu + hangover.
they probably want to connect to you emotionally, and the fact that you look down on your "less successful" siblings and resent the fact that your parents can connect with them makes your whole family even further alienated.
and far too grown for this tantrum lol.
they might mean a lot to her.
he was mature and reasonable about it.
for parking in a space designated for people with small children.
your kid is okay, and that’s what matters.
life moves on and people change.
- you stole from her and expected her to be happy because you used her ingredient for your dish and not replaced it.
i'll usually say something along the lines of 'i was saving that for tomorrow but i can spare a small slice' and that usually keeps them from eating all of my snacks.
it may have worked for you, but you went into the relationship lying.
if you listen to a speaker with friend, or by yourself, sure.
a call takes a minute and then everyone's happy.
even if she just gets to see your face, she’s going to relive that all the time.
, like a big, huge asshole.
help, support and encouragement are all ok.
stop, take a deep breath, quiet the mind, and take a look around.
> a little bit of context: a few weeks ago i said to eve that her brother isn't the best at the instrument he plays.
&#x200b; better yet to actually take the cat into a vet, though depending on your pet handling experience, and how the cat reacts to an attempt to help it, might be best to let animal control pick up the kitty.
my father died when i was very young and i would forgive you if i were the daughter in this situation.
i understand being worried about the texts from another girl, but it's not your decision to make.
should have tried to come to a compromise.
whether she is happy or not is purely speculation on your part.
she hasn't been *your* therapist, so what do you base that exclusive trust on?
on a completely different note, does anyone else find it disturbing that this high school hospitalizes kids that show signs of depression?
it’s hard to make truffles if you don’t have a house to make them in.
- someone will find out and it will ruin emma's wedding.
maybe he felt uncomfortable speaking up until it just got out of hand.
but to be fair, you just sound ignorant.
you are also aware of her controll-y boyfriend who also appears to be an asshole, but that's not the point here.
you want to try to give them all the best theater experience possible.
you must be young - i’ve seen enough terrible fights in bars, to know smart folk don’t start fights unnecessarily...
it’s okay not to like someone—even if they have a mental illness.
you wanted to play a 20 minute game and she wanted attention, both a-okay.
i feel like that encourages more lies and secrets and if you don’t have trust in a relationship then it’s not a very strong one
your "personal journey" is completely irrelevant.
you don’t want to stay faithful, get divorced.
if you let him legally bind himself to a cheater without knowing it.
that's a lot of thought spent on something that's not really any business of yours.
you made a mistake and apologized for it.
you don't have to go out of your way to be friendly, but dude, the transphobic bullshit has got to go.
they don't know/trust you any more than you know/trust them so it would have been especially important in this case to have this discussion up front.
you're not "protecting him", you're protecting yourself.
yeah  today of all days you have nothing better to do than be pissy about losing karma in a wrestling subreddit?
people can't control what comes on the radio and often aren't really even paying attention.
because he's not doing it with intent, he could just be spacing out.
you still risked real harm to someone (no matter if it'd be a stupid call on their part or not) to prove a point to someone else.
you can't really call yourself an "open minded person" if you are not only judge them for how they live their lives but also are un-accepting enough to "excommunicate" yourself from your own family.
if i found out my so was friends with someone who's a serial cheater, i'd seriously reconsider the relationship.
#do not break up with her, you asshole.
&#x200b; am i the ass-hole for wanting to stay together for the sake of ~~our children?~~ my reputation?
his house, his table, his seat.
not only do you want to date your friends abuser, you want to lie to her about it?
you got fired, so lesson learned, i guess.
that's money that she needs for herself and she's nice enough to front it for you already (probably because she doesn't want a late rent on her record).
that said, because of him using sad boy as his username, i think he needs/wants a bit of attention (this is not to say he's not depressed!) hang with the dude more, make sure he's okay.
compromise and have food that is both vegan and non vegan.
it's also okay if friendships drift away over time.
being unemployed for a year is not due to being unlucky.
at the end of the day she's running a business.
the ins and outs of their relationship is 100% not your business, and 100% exclusively *theirs*.
i'd be upset, too, if you cost me a few grand through carelessness.
she’s a cheater with a tendency to be manipulative and dishonest.
i hated myself, and i hated existing in such a big way.
it's not your place to "see and approve" what she could possibly be enjoying out of it.
you should have ate before going
you just sound jealous that she’s (apparently) adorable and you are not.
pto is a benefit he gets from where he works, and he's using it.
even if cringey and ridiculous why take the time to shit on your opponents for something you seem to only care about off and on?
, but not for the reason you think.
you’re not being supportive, nor kind, understanding, helpful etc.
it may be that her pain tolerance is affected by the drinking, combined with lowered inhibitions that lead to her being more willing.
the man complains about his marriage, says he gets no sex, promises to leave when the time is right but right now isn’t good for his wife due to some serious circumstance (death in the family, illness or other personal tragedy.) spoiler alert: he doesn’t leave the wife.
, but you could turn this around.
his reaction was probably a reaction to hearing you talk and laugh in the middle of the night but he still sucks for unplugging the wifi because he has no right to as an equal housemate.
it doesn’t matter how much he loves his kids, or what that man did, he *killed* two people.
this will likely spiral into another fight that could end in him hurting her.
you're gonna get drunk with her?
but at the same time, if you're masturbating over erotica online while forbiding your partner to get off on what they like to get off over, it's a bit of a dick move.
you could take the money to a coinstar, they're in like every walmart/grocery store.
it's a very painful and shameful thing to admit that something like this has happened in your family.
it just reinforced his stereotype about new coworkers.
second, why didn’t you chide anyone else on the bus to give up their seat?
learn to argue without name calling.
surely you'd be sick of people doing this to you, now you're gonna turn around and do it to different people.
however, that makes you vulnerable to being taken advantage of.
for making this post and then bashing on her appearance....
- if she didn't offer her plate there's probably a reason for it..
and yes you are indeed transphobic.
, it’s family game night, there no reason to be this competitive when there’s nothing on the line, it’s all for fun
\> i'm also willing to admit i could have asked nicer.
op this isn't about you specifically, but *my god* how many of these questions are we going to get a week?
as a dog owner, its so maddening to have people intentionally try and do things i’ve asked them not to to dogs i’m trying to train that disrupts their training.
if you didn't want it then don't drink it but don't abuse the custodial staff in the process.
- she literally owes you nothing.
lesbians are, by definition, not into males.
if you "make him" do it.
(and it seems like that's exactly how you perceive grandchildren and by extension, your own son.) it's like if someone mentioned they might need to borrow five dollars at some point in the future and you reacted by saying, "hold up, i am not going to buy you a house.
in the meantime you should be supportive of his feelings and try to accommodate what he wants, if you want the relationship to work.
you posted this on r/relationships and deleted it when you got the same answer i’m giving you now.
- yeah maybe it would have been more courteous for them to let everyone handicapped board first, but with tours like that it is first come first serve and they were there first.
rehersal can be boring if you aren't doing anything.
maybe it's not funny but i don't she means any harm to poor old jared.
your gf wanted to make sure the time was okay as you had to get up at 6am the next day and you...
from how i see it, you have two choices.
point 1: why is it any of your business what your brother and his girlfriend choose to do when it comes to naming their child?
my brother was 11 years older and used to prank me constantly, and although i hated it then i love it now and it made me into a little prankster as well.
it may turn out that he’s planning to go live in her country, or she is figuring out a way to eventually come back and live in yours.
he can’t scapegoat you, but knowing he has this issue and enabling him, you’re being a bad friend.
you also have to do things that make you uncomfortable once in a while.
you could probably sacrifice a few hours to help her out.
gifts aren't about their worth, it's about the meaning of caring enough about someone to go out of your way to find or make something they'd like, even if it's small.
for complaining about something so trivial.
you could also communicate with him to turn the volume on his show down.
, h was nice enough to front all of this money, if you can't pay then you shouldn't have moved in there.
in this situation she didn't mind be in the center of attention because everyone was laughing and having fun at her expense (kind of).
of course, she sucks for calling you out on the crappy tip.
the invasion of privacy is creepy, but the your cheating is worse.
i don't see how those specific days make the dynamic weird.
real life responsibilities include taking care of yourself, hygienically and mentally.
but i think you would really be missing out on the opportunity to have some fun with your family.
it does suck when a friendship breaks off but it seems like the parts for her pc were given as a birthday gift, without any mention of returning.
(sorry if that's a bit harsh.) you ghosted them, so they no longer feel like they can trust you for the big things because they can no longer come to you for the little things.
sometimes, they'll do things like "give the senior the role over the junior, but make it up to that student the next year".
might be something to think about.
if you wanted to stop hanging out with her, i think you should of slowly distanced yourself from her rather than immediately cutting her off.
he didn't bring the drama; you did.
putting a friend in that position is a shitty thing to do.
then you act like a bigger asshole honking your horn, cussing and gesturing.
- the "trucker" part is what makes it an obvious joke.
given your circumstances, i can totally understand feeling overwhelmed by your mother moving and expressing these feelings to her.
plus, it's a porn app, so, you know, that's expected tbh.
i understand why she's getting frustrated at you about this.
it's fine that you hit your limit and it sounds like this other person isn't very mature, but it sounds like you both were disruptive to the community.
i would respectfully suggest seeking professional help.
that's why you said "crap, i haven't officially broken up with mike."
now you're getting your car fixed via their insurance, he's fired, and he's fresh outta $200.
if you can't muster the courage, just tone it down.
it also tells all your other friends that if you hear gossip about them then you’re liable to drop them too.
- pretty dumb thing to ask somebody...
as you said, it’s only fifteen minutes away from you, so it wouldn’t have been tough to meet them there.
who are you to control their actions?
girl shouldn't have been shit-stirring, but you really shouldn't have chatted shit about the other girls.
shouldn't be so insane about your stats on a classic game redone, unless you're close to being the absolute highest wins ever in the game, about to be acknowledged by guineas book of world records, your stats aren't that important.
you moved total strangers into someone else's home with no discussion and at no benefit to them cos they already had your rent.
in our last year of school (so when we all were like 17, sorry, i'm not from america and know that school system) she stops showing up to school.
while i get your reasoning behind your mindset that’s still not really okay.
if this minor event has you shaking and unable to breath how do you even function in the world?
they pay rent just like you and have a right to some peace and quiet no matter if they're 21 y/o and you have children.
: if you know you don’t see a future with him, you need to call it off before moving in together.
tell him you're concerned about causing him additional stress when you need him.
you don't know there's stuff to do and you're not a mind reader.
of course, she is going to be mad.
it doesn't sound from your description of her that she would have been mean about it.
is she a partner or a subordinate?
he swears it was the day after she died but i believe it was after her funeral.
i travel a lot and literally never ever talk about it and get embarrassed when people even ask me about my travels now because of people like you.
the consequences for him being more severe than you anticipated is a consequence you'll have to live with.
people are sensitive at that age, and being made fun of for a blackhead is much more dramatic than it is as an adult.
you are the lesser asshole though because you attempted to solve the problem by cleaning it up.
if he can't seem to understand the error of his ways and take you seriously, then he has some growing up to do as well.
that way he isn't only applying to cornell
those breeds are commonly used for mobility and sight assistance, and sometimes esas and tas, but most esas are actually smaller “lap” dogs.
what exactly did staying over 2 hours past close do to change this coworker's or the night manager's mind?
in this case, you were ta.
hiding the towels is incredibly passive-aggressive.
i've had friends like john and it's never fun.
i agree with him that it was a low blow.
you ditched her for drinks, not even some big rare occurrence.
then you can't pretend she's just your blood.
you shouldn't tell your girlfriend you think a girl is hot, even if she knows you'll never cheat on her.
did you just do it for the power trip?
if you don't want them drunk around you from now on make that clear.
but however, you have decided "oh whoops" is acceptable to breaking your agreed upon solution.
but at least make an effort.
what is it with these “bans” on having certain friends?
i'm a programmer and i have a list a mile long of "hey, i have this great app idea!
tell him how it made you feel and why it made you feel that way.
, i get that he is frustrating but remove his mental illness for a second and look at your behavior towards him.
you don’t have kids and you’re able bodied park in a different spot.
your mom's actually trying to help you get rid of truly toxic people, i would heed her advice here.
that seems win-win, and it's better for your lungs.
and yes, you are a cruel person.
if he wanted you there he would have asked you.
i took advantage of a situation, someone’s feelings for me.
if you can't seek help to make yourself accommodate first, don't expect other people to accommodate you.
it sucks but then you know only you are using it.
it would gross me out if i saw a coworker clipping their toenails at work.
all so, so what if he's a mommas boy?
but i do.” she doesn’t want to have kids.
sounds like you're trying to make up for your fuck up.
&#x200b; and to clarify- i don't think it makes you an asshole to give up a child that you simply do not have the resources to take care of.
info, did he buy them or were they bought for everyone who lives there.
i don't tend to get caught up in celebrity deaths either, but there are real emotions attached to creators and what they make.
i lost my dad about four years ago.
methodist here, my younger sister has been refusing to go to church for a couple months now.
don't treat him like he is.
finding out that people (especially those who seem understanding in person) think that you should just get over whatever you're going through is absolutely crushing.
first off, no one is obligated to see family.
if you've already filed for separation and are uncomfortable with what he is doing in his own house, then you should move out.
so to sum it up: you're helping your friends cheat on their schoolwork, pocket money for it, and skip classes to make it happen, then lie about it to your parents?
if he's rambling on and on about irrelevant information, just shut the conversation down.
you have something in common!" pretty much you looked at your friend and looked at someone you knew nothing about except that they were lgbtqia and decided to reduce both of them to only that.
because of your approach to the whole situation.
if the balcony is sloped gently downward, people standing in the front row of the balcony will block the view of 100% of the rest of the balcony (unlike most floor seating arrangements where people are looking upward at the stage so standing isn't always blocking everybody.) so yes, it's an asshole move to stand in front on the balcony.
if the reason you got a picture was because he was handcuffed to a stag, then why not say that?
they are just doing their job.
as for messing up your back, he's completely right.
i mean you have to know that it’s a heartbreaking thing for a mother to hear her child doesn’t care about christmas anymore, but you stated it bluntly and then followed it up by saying she is tossing her childhood baggage on you.
you have a lot of excuses for why you are a broke college student, but at the end of the day you are.
and why have you left it so late?!
yes, you would be the asshole.
it’s her money, she can do what she wants with it.
you've got two people (f38 and m35) who are cheating on their spouses, and you went out of your way to arrange a situation in which they'd escalate this cheating, and when that didn't happen you cheated with somebody else.
the 22k is immaterial, as we take what actually exists, not what we thought exists.
your mom is an asshole because as a parent one of her duties is to provide you with proper food and it doesnt seem like she has a proper reason not to if you aren't poor.
also i mean, if you know she wants more out of it it's kind of messed up to continue having sex with her.
most people don't get this freaked out by a hair pull.
you sound very indecisive which isn't fair to either of them at this point.
you didn't ask to come, he did.
if it’s not, she’s the huge gaping asshole for trying to trap him into it (but again this is all conjecture.
she just wants one night of uninterrupted sleep and snacks and tv without having to wash the sheets or speak to any other people.
she really wanted you there, and you ditched.
a couple of flying lessons is not going to give you a long term career without a lot more training that will cost thousands more.
for not wanting to constantly cover shifts, but  for assuming that they're lying about not being able to work due to period pain.
if you want someone to help out, hire a nanny or a maid.
, yeah man lying about why your breaking up is always the dick move.
it’s only going to get worse if you don’t deal with your feelings.
don't try to control her eating.
he’s pretty foolish for lying when he and your bf share locations, but what will you really get out of confronting him?
~~ - you like who you like.
you should have talked to him prior, you should have explained how you have sexual desires and if they are not fulfilled, you will happily be his friend, but not his girlfriend.
> i comforted him and added that it might be a good idea to stop wearing make-up in public and just do it at home for now.
you do that and you'll probably end up chained to the bed with your ankles broken like that movie.
have a conversation with this boy before he gets hurt and this goes on too long.
you're never in the right for berating or punishing employees who are just following company policy.
it's obvious you knew this would be upsetting to your husband, yet you went without his knowledge and you essentially hid your relationship status from your ex until he showed his ugliness.
with this amount of info you look like the asshole.
your young kid will notice soon, and it will hurt them their whole life, and it will be your fault.
help push him to go to a recruiter.
your response to his reasonable request were rude as well.
yeah, it sucks that your sleep schedules aren’t matching up right now, but think about it from his perspective.
- i think anyone saying  must have skipped over >only one person working in customer service &#x200b;
he was literally using a variation of her name, a term that the majority of the population have never heard of.
look at it from his perspective: wife just left him, homeless, broke (thus making his kids homeless and broke), goes to brother for shelter and he shows up with expensive gifts he couldn’t even begin to afford.
do you seriously think your parents would be ok working hard to pay for you to do nothing?
i imagine that shirt must mean something to him.
you should buy a sleep mask and some ear plugs.
if you're saying to someone i'd like to share my day with you, but only if you look like this and live this lifestyle...
- you didn't take your boyfriend's feelings into account and went out with this guy again.
you can stop being an ah pretty easy.
of course her setting a limit is a little irrational but you were annoying the crap out of her.
for yelling, not for grounding her.
i'd reconsider this way of thinking, you should support her dreams.
13 - 17 are still children what the hell op?
, and i will demonstrate with your own words.
the delivery fee typically goes to the restaurant/delivery service, not the person who is delivering your food.
so your nurse wife is making a perfectly rational, healthy, and commonplace choice to formula feed because she, your nurse wife, has come to the conclusion that she, your nurse wife, is not producing enough milk and the process is difficult for her.
if someone needs to go the hospital, take them to the damn hospital.
i don't need you to personally care about my identity: i need you to make stuff i want and give it to me in exchange for money.
although i believe you should register to vote (you could register independent), that is your decision to make and your mom should have respected that, so you're  in that aspect.
use your words, not self harm.
even you because apparently it makes you feel like an asshole.
and you wanted to have a fun week with your kids, great.
expect some major fallout from this over the coming months the poor guy must feel betrayed.
the whole experience for her was for sure very humiliating.
“accidentally” made her believe, but then when she started playing with it, didn’t say “oh baby, it was just a joke, your uncle made a cake for us to try!”
to me, it seems that you're not asking if you're an asshole for prioritizing your own needs, but for not living up to expectations that you feel are unfair and selfish.
from your gf's perspective it looks like you just changed your plans suddenly to be with people she doesn't like and go to a party she wasn't invited to.
yes, for this, you're the asshole.
if you made comments like those, how would you feel in his shoes?
teacher was just doing his job, and you owe him an apology.
if you sent the rsvp and don’t attend.
*he* needs to do something about the stuff.
and while i understand what you were going through you were the one that said you would contact her in morning.
its ok to be jealous sometimes, how we react to that jealousy is the problem.
being called exotic is not a compliment even if you intend to use it as such.
can't somebody else go with your girlfriend?
i also must note we come from different cultures so i need to acknowledge i don't know the full impact of you losing a cow on your livelihood.
why would you guys break up, immediately sleep with the guy who was actively trying to make your dating life hell and then sleep with harry again the next day like nothing happened?
, and it sounds like you both know that and are proud of it.
this reminds me of posts i normally see where the wife is trying to make the husband more accountable around the house.
and then you kept going with the gum, and after she told you not to speak to her you did it anyway because you weren't paying attention?
you don’t have the right to sell his things though.
you don't need to be tied up to be on the bottom, so to speak.
no nice things about how much he loves me.
neither has any woman i've touched below the belt.
seems like it was probably unintentional (at least i hope so), but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t have the right to be upset, even if this isn’t literally the end of the world as she knows it.
- first time it was an accident, understandable (she did not need to get defensive though).
calling their decision self-sabotage just because it's not how you would have done it?
the kind of roundabout thing you’re trying now is probably just frustrating and confusing for him.
>i have no problem spending money on my own child you have two kids now.
she wanted you to join her for her trip.
- everybody thinks that they’re more important to other people than they actually are.
don’t shit on the people you rely on.
edit to add.....at 15 you're capable of cleaning before your own party.
everyone has to start somewhere with their goal.
&#x200b; your girlfriend is not blowing this out of proportion, and she trusts you very much, otherwise she would have dumped you already.
you either trust your partner or you don’t.
i have the feeling this is going to hurt upcoming job opportunities, as you’re building ass hole habits, and an ass hole reputation.
which means compromises of some sort should have been made and clearly laid out.
for not being contactable when you've asked someone to pick you up.
you don't know that there arent already people waiting in line for the same reason as you.
you can still do whatever you want even if he freaks, but if you ask him first you make sure you don't become the asshole.
i'm sure there's another side to this story, but, simply put, you have no right to dictate who someone is allowed to hang out with.
most people are dying for someone to ask about them so they can talk about themself.
you should also be thanking them not just for the recommendation, but for the time they invested in you.
having a partner with such a busy schedule as yourself is challenging and try to understand the emotional toll it has on her.
your mother can only know what you tell her.
they pay a full amount and, unbeknownst to them, end up paying more than need be while you pocket the rest.
being in a hurry doesn't give you the right to skip the queue.
without knowing if name she wants is commonly associated with dogs, .
you can 1) only take his calls once every few weeks, 2) refuse to talk to him if he's swearing at you.
that’s a lot of effort to make to see someone.
> i was using his id to get into the club that we were going to because im not 18 which she very happily agreed to.
yeah, things might change if the delivery drivers all find other jobs, but they'll change faster if customers demand better treatment for workers and refuse to buy from businesses that participate in the shitty system.
yes , if you're running a media website you gotta learn how to deal with negative publicity and this is not the way to do it.
it probably *is* a mix of everybody's dishes, and you all really should just work at it to get the mess down and then go back to religiously cleaning up after yourselves.
what if the coach would have felt threatened and hurt you or your mom?
sure your friend should have been more empathetic, but your response back is an extreme overreaction to the situation.
find queer community online, and if you can go to college in a bigger area you're definitely going to find queer people there.
additionally, how was he supposed to know that you meant “i don’t like meeting new people but i expect you to introduce me to your roommates”.
you sound like you have a bit of growing up to do before you can successfully cohabit, and she sounds like she can be cruel.
just respond that you aren’t interested in getting together and leave it be.
edited: changed it to say "how many years before he lost it" as i misread how old the cat was.
it sucks that your car was totaled and that you're concussed, but it's no excuse for being so rude to someone.
has she gotten increasingly withdrawn, or sullen?
i have seen this done — bridesman and groomswoman — in multiple other weddings and it’s completely fine.
you’re the asshole and also, kind of a moron.
but it seems you went straight to yelling at her rather than having a conversation about it.
focus on improving relationships and being happier.
your mental issues, which are apparently very real and very dire, are literally nobody's problem but your own.
to them, these are random feelings that appeared out of the blue after two years of what everyone else probably saw as friendship.
you're not hurting for the €10 if you're working, paying rent, etc.
i believe you do need some professional help and counseling.
from the sounds of if she isn't doing anything illegal.
also i don’t get the joke?
she seeked professional help to deal with her problems.
i used to have a roommate who got mad at tests and would scream at his computer, and it’s super uncomfortable.
a lot of the time, only one party has developed feelings for the other and love goes unrequited, usually forever.
so i guess all i'm trying to say is if you can't be tolerant, which no-one expects you to, then just reduce contact.
if your brother wants to be a prick and be loud in his place, that's his right.
you ghosted her because a person irradiating her body wasn't able to make a quick romantic decision.
he's an asshole, plain and simple.
wedding are expensive, and it can easily be $50-$100 a person or more.
it's easy to say "we're all mature adults and we can do what we want", but you've placed yourself in the middle of a complicated relational issue that your friend has been dealing with for his entire life.
it sounds like your friend thinks he's supporting you and you're not appreciating his efforts.
your mother and your sister are both women.
for both of you in this case but more for her.
my advice is to not send junior to grandma's daycare if you can't agree.
you're not letting her in on a secret.
this is very much about *your* own opinions on jewelry.
you sound like a catch, let me know when you're single.
learn from this and stop immediately
i understand that you're thrilled and its good that you are but respect your agreement with your partner.
i don't know any words that would make that magically disappear and i'm not sure i would want to tell them to you even if i did, so, uh, maybe try being a better person in the future and cheating a little less?
sell some of the stuff that you don't need so you can have it with you and not at your ex's house.
i would not have given the guy full marks either ya know.
just think about all the times she probably didn’t want to eat lunch with you.
if you couldn't forgive her (which shouldn't be even an issue here), don't go on dates with her just to reject her after.
you literally have your own lane.
that, to me, would be considered immature, unprofessional and genuine assholery.
for your entire humble brag and your pompousness.
but if i wasn't even seeing you for a year yet, i wouldn't wanna watch your kid either.
you either defended yourself and your group, or you threw her under the bus to make yourselves look better.
i don’t know or care about the details of your political disagreement and they are irrelevant.
you have a lot of growing up to do before you're ready for a relationship.
let her take a break and recuperate for awhile and maybe she'll be ready for a challenge again.
they may be hella dumb, but you don’t wish harm on people.
> he's also having violent fantasies.
he should rightfully be pissed at his father for almost completely ruining a marriage.
obviously your friend has an issue expressing his feelings, which is why you had to push him to just tell her in the first place.
i used to be pretty chubby and lost a lot of weight between middle school and high school.
you understand that customers and the pace of the job can be shitty.
you (op) are the asshole in this scenario for going behind their back, but i think you're completely justified in doing what you did.
and i'm sorry for your loss but there's a very good chance  in this situation.
not enough info, but i may be leaning towards  tbh.
you could have just asked her to continue scanning your items, or you could have gone to a manager, or both.
and your attitude about shoes in the house is fine for your place, but you don't get to demonize other people for doing things differently.
express that you're uncomfortable around babies and maybe she'll get a sitter for dinner but don't expect that to be the case all the time.
dont use her or her body.
no one wants to smell piss in the sink.
dad's still gotta try to parent.
or is this a ‘you’re a girl you do the ‘women’s work situation?
she's not making *you* eat that way.
, wtf you're going behind your friends back and dating someone who just dumped her on a whim, how do you think it's gonna end for you?
was he supposed to leave you in the street?
>i will apologize and ask her please don't be mad ill come right now but she just flips switch and goes full cunt mode.
if they enjoy it, where's the harm?
your wife isn't entitled to your dad's charity but you're not entitled to take off for a week and abandon her with the kids so you can have a break with your family.
be a nice person and tell her nicely.
reason 1: "we don't have the money" - either both girls do the extra classes, or neither girl does.
take a step back and look at the bigger picture.
in a relationship, you keep it discrete and you don't become too attached to erotic material.
what would be more responsible (emotionally and otherwise) might be to divide 70% of your estate equally between all of your kids.
be open to them, likely all they want is to help.
you asked him why, he gave you his honest answer.
either work on your trust issues or move on.
why couldn't you get dropped off and then she takes the car home?
put a cockroach on their head" because he didn't do either of those things.
&#x200b; he's your brother, do onto others and all.
this one hits real close to home.
that said, he is outwardly straight as it is and if he's gay and repressed, that's his job to figure out.
you can make another campaign or meet another time with another group.
, and this is indeed unethical.
like will you not be able to eat and enjoy life?
her birthday should be about her, but you made it about you by buying her something so over the top that you hoped she'd be thrilled with you about it.
you can knock it out in a few hours if you and your spouse really focus.
, and you should probably not be together, you both have a total lack of respect for each other.
if you weren’t mad about it, you would have said something like, “it’s just cosmetic.
the question was specifically what percentage of the work she did, and by your own admission it was the same amount as the rest of you.
it sounds like you're doing legally blonde and you lost to someone else for elle.
now that being said, if you trust someone, then i think that you should rest easy in that trust and that they wouldn’t do something to jeopardize the relationship.
i don't have a problem with people choosing to be vegans but from everything i have read on the subject, it's not something dogs or cats are good with.
it sounds like you have a lot of pent of resentment that could be handled through open, honest, discussion.
it seems like they're making up shit.
even if she said you should keep it for your second, it’s still hers and she can (though she shouldn’t!) ask for it back for whatever reason.
let her regulate her sleep time as she wants.
your mom and dad's finances are their business and they certainly don't need an insolent teenager telling them how to run their lives.
and do not insult your guests and expect them to view you as a gracious host.
if you knew it would upset the child, don’t squash the spiders.
he was there first, the fact that you and all of your friends sat down and still needed space is not his problem.
dear god just don’t hurt anyone with that thing please?
for many reasons, people tend to be really biased when it's about firearms (on both sides of the spectrum).
edit - i originally read *music* festival, not *beer* festival.
- giant asshole for inconveniencing the group.
is there really no middle ground between cutting off your friend entirely and being so close that your girlfriend is jealous?
with all the formality bullcrap removed from your story, you're telling her that she shouldn't apply for this scholarship because you feel like she doesn't deserve it even though she meets all of the requirements.
you said yourself that you're jealous too.
if i were able, i would actually totally recommend to her that she call the police to get her animal back.
also, the whole "if you're not going to say something, i will" thing seems kind of controlling.
but a million interactions in life are awkward or fraught with the potential to say the wrong thing (e.g., a friend loses a loved one, "did that person who is losing their hearing hear me or should i repeat myself?" etc).
i’m not going to lie, this post made me tear up a little.
he was hurt, you were there, you should’ve helped.
perhaps she doesn't feel comfortable sharing what it is she does for one reason or another.
she came looking for validation and left disappointed.
canceling on holidays is really really rude.
her for bogging you down with her problems instead of talking to her husband or going to therapy.
didnt even need to read the whole thing.
you turned a harmless comment into several unneeded insults about somebody’s life, and made the lunch uncomfortable for them.
someone told me to always treat money lent to family as a gift.
(for what it’s worth, i found that the quickest way to become ostracized at school).
so it seems really skimpy and i can see why they’d be upset.
it doesn’t seem like anything inappropriate is happening, you just don’t feel involved and it irks you.
i don't and can't know the answers to these questions, but you need to dig inside and really figure out why you're feeling that way and what you can do about it.
i am sure him hearing of how your sister has two nannies also really rubbed him the wrong way since that's obviously not financially feasible for you.
sounds like y’all just goin with the flow and are fuck buddies.
don’t make other people put up with the putrid smell.
finally, how does it matter that the dog is a puppy?
you don’t need to create drama and be the center of attention.
would you be happy with your child calling you by your name rather than dad?!
you have no idea how many times your aunt, grandmother, and mother put up with boring shit they didn't want to do for your sake throughout your life, and you can do it for them sometimes too.
you're fully allowed to exclude people you don't want to associate with, but telling her she needs to change that about herself in order to be invited out with you makes you ta
even if one kid’s white and the other’s black you should keep that thought to yourself
those bins aren't for you to take from, they're for companies to send to factories so the materials can be reused.
don't try to hook up with your friend's girlfriend.
this is very disrespectful to that person.
if you think you want to cheat, leave him and be with someone ls
but what you’re doing is singling him out from his siblings and making him feel worse about his body than i’m sure he already feels (despite what confidence he may front to you.) don’t push your son further down an an already very lonely, and isolated road.
you snuggle together happily on the couch, with you knowing that you have been kind and considerate of your girlfriend's feelings.
they have to deal with this on their own.
you are allowed to feel how you do, but maybe try to really avoid putting her in awkward positions, where she might feel like you are expecting her to spend every free weekend with you.
, no such thing as just her debt anymore
it sounds like you don't respect them or take them seriously.
it’s her condition and she makes the decision.
fyi if sara never expressed feelings for you and you never told her how you feel you weren’t ‘friend zoned’ you were creeping on her under the guise of friendship.
it's hard enough for girlfriends to try and make friends with our friends.
it's like the difference between hiring a person to paint your living room and hiring someone to work for you for 6 hours of painting.
but you already know that; your guilt reduces your asshole-ness.
for changing plans "all of a sudden".
as for why your roomie reacted like this; she has probably received shaming like yours in the past.
it also gives others the idea that it’s okay to do that.
you agreed a job and agreed a wage for said job, your responsibility is to do that job and get the money you earn.
man then wonders: "why do you have to be mad when i didn't even buy you a dinner?" this is how it could also have happened
also, has your wife had 4 solid days without you and the kids at any point?
you should have known it would make her uncomfortable, and possibly for good reason - you mentioned you haven't seen this friend much recently.
in no way did he do anything manipulative from the context i've read so far.
if a woman said "swipe left if you're under 6 foot" you'd think she was an asshole, right?
you three should have talked together and convince the girl who was sending nudes to stop it.
i love how you put "breaking" in quotes.
ghosting is pretty much always a dick move.
these are students who are seniors, invested in french, and invested in literature.
she's also clearly upset that you couldn't be bothered to tell her when the uncle was going to pick her up, and she's right.
just that her and brad were having a good time.
you think you get special privileges because you've been bullied?
this isn’t something she dreamed up, nor is it “extreme”.
people outgrow friends all the time, but you didnt have to do them like that.
maybe not a capital-a asshole, but super childish.
if your partner tells you it's cheating, it's cheating.
what did you think would come of telling him?
we'd have to keep apologizing for him all the time--for his ungrateful, obnoxious, antisocial, spoiled, entitled attitude.
that being said, returning the gift was extremely rude.
not only for letting someone sleep there but for not cleaning the sheets afterwards.
then refusing to talk with you upon arrival is just...not really ok.
source: am mixed race person who deals with this far too often.
like it or not, this is your starting point.
i’m afraid you are completely in the wrong on this - if being around her is difficult for you, then it’s up to you to remove *your*self from the situation.
i know janey is a nightmare, but your friend is stuck with her, especially since the wedding is so close.
to be honest it seems like the easiest thing to do would be to encourage your parents to get a social media account just for the purpose of seeing the photos that she posts.
i hope you can resolve this peacefully and restore your friendship.
the fact that you were literally slamming things makes this even more questionable.
i'm 20 years old and i'm seeing a women whose 24.
anything she had done wrong was now shaded by your mayor red flag of being a control freak who is will go behind her back to prove himself right.
as long as you’re okay that the dog’s final moments are going to spent in fear, confusion and sadness—then by all means, do you.
it'd be one thing if the money just wasn't there, but it clearly was for four years and wasn't budgeted properly to go into the schooling that mattered.
if you call animal control then yes, .
she has a right to know anything that she may consider to be a dealbreaker or an important consideration in how she perceives you or whether she wants to be with you.
would you have assumed they were the nanny if they were a white woman who looked equally unrelated to the child?
by everyone sucks i mean everyone sucks but you, you did the right thing by de-escalating.
you stole from a child at his own birthday party after strongarming him into giving you a piece of his birthday present.
you could have handled the issue with the business owner or manager, *later*.
there are plenty of options available to lgbt+ parents these days.
for example when they just did your part when you didn’t deliver early enough, did you talk to them about why you weren’t able to do it immediately?
that’s a big deal, and he may not get the next one.
there's something genuinely wrong with you and your entire family if they were all okay with that.
you further fucked up his trust issues by telling him she definitely cheated when you have no idea if that happened.
not because of your anxiety, but for being a crappy friend.
now to try and guilt your son into forgiving you by saying things like "how are you going to explain your punishment of his grandpa to your son?"???
if you wanted who he dates to be “your” business, you shouldn’t have broken up.
but it in no way erases the fact you cheated on her while she was dying of cancer.
why can’t you friend have a new friend?
which sucks because you tried lots of things on a short timescale.
show your proof to your parents and let them handle it.
lying is by far more rude than anything you can say....making things clear is not rude, she may have hopes after you will "heal" and refrain from going with other guys or some other stupid shiet.
like he's bragging about being the little boy in the big man's chair.
ideally, you all should be in family therapy, as this is a family issue.
tell her she has to choose if she doesn’t choose you cut off the friendship stop going to these events together.
if you have problems with the other members of the family you can take it up with them directly - don't take it out on your not-at-all-involved uncle.
are you paying for rent and food?
if they are not being disruptive you should not be able to dictate where someone goes.
also if she's the one you will be able to make it work.
you don't put on hairspray if your school is 96% white.
>i told her flat out she needed to move the fuck on and get over it .
they know what they're talking about.
or is it simply that she lied for so long?
if her doing that really bothers you that much, you may not also be compatible long term.
you're right, but locking him out of part of the common area could cause some major issues, possibly even open you up to a lawsuit (check your local laws).
there is \*one\* reason you bring a stranger home from a club.
it helps others treat us with compassion.
it's understandable that you're angry and hurt, but you lied to your kids, and you've denied them a trip that might be a once in a lifetime opportunity, that they probably would have enjoyed a great deal, out of spite and resentment.
not for breaking up with her, you don't have to date someone you are not attracted to.
if you’ve “heard everything” you should know by now that 10+ year age difference means different levels of emotional maturity.
why didn’t your friends just tell her to her face that they wanted her to leave?
if your buddy doesn’t wanna have sex that’s his business.
she was clearly just drunk and not thinking straight, not trying to be inconsiderate or offensive.
i was leaning your way at first since i love family traditions like this.
talk with her about how you can be better at comforting her, no more "stoic" stuff.
, the other person doing the dishes in conditional on them receiving the benefit of your cooked meal.
her husband is also very tall and incredibly attractive, which drew a lot of attention.
if you wanna follow the rules exactly that’s your thing, but don’t force others by snitching.
if you want your friends to appreciate your point of view, state it.
i can understand being irritated or even let down, but to blow up to the point of "i might cancel the wedding because she didn't take her family's money" pushed it over.
you think its a waste of money so of course don't buy it for yourself if that's how you feel but a gift isn't about what you want, right?
i didn't realize they were leaving so early this morning.
it's uncomfortable to have a one-sided conversation and you don't feel like you clicked.
if a woman is attracted to a man, effeminate or not, she is absolutely not a lesbian.
the fact that she's a sweetie with people doesn't mean she can't be territorial at the same time.
if your lights are too bright, you should get the problem fixed instead of expecting other people to just deal with being temporarily blinded while driving.
you're certainly well within your rights to ask her to wear different shoes.
they're both in the same friend group as you are, and they just broke up three weeks ago, which is very recent.
which makes me think there's some r/niceguys stuff going.
either learn how to stop cheating on each other and be good spouses or give up and move on.
you had already committed to the trip with your girlfriend.
it would be different if you actually want the divorce.
but from her perspective, she broke of and doesn't want the relationship in the way it existed in the past.
&#x200b;  - and your group members suck, but your story just seems so...off.
if i had a roommate and they let complete strangers (to me) stay there while they themselves were gone i’d call the police.
your dog and dad will miss you but will be happy to see you in a few days.
while in a perfect world, she’d offer to help, she’s certainly under no obligation to do so.
if you're tired when you get home, have you considered that maybe she is too, and doesn't want to have to spend her time at home cleaning up after some dude like she does all day long?
you’re not an asshole for being annoyed they got your order wrong and not wanting to eat something that’s completely unappealing to you.
it makes for a fun adventure.
if you care about him, then you want him to be happy.
you threw a tantrum over a brush used to clean dishes?
it's not fun, but it's being an adult and taking responsibility for your life.
you may have thought you had good intentions, but it really didn't seem like your place to interfere once you realized she was fine.
also, my wife works hourly, so any time she isn't working, she isn't getting paid.
you opened your convo by negging her.
saying you’re aware of how things can be perceived but then getting in a 11!!!
gonna go ahead and assume that the vehicle is titled in your dad's name and he pays the insurance, so the proof would also list his name there, which is probably how the mixup happened in the first place.
asking for permission to go out with friends at 19 is ridiculous.
but if you want your partners to be cool with your friendship, you have to be ultra respectful of your partners feelings and give them some time to develop trust.
the 2 seconds between my mom's reaction and my coming out were two of the scariest in my life, and that's saying something.
it sounds like you are rude with a superiority complex.
public transportation is never going to be perfectly aligned to schedule.
> i tried to respond that it was only five minutes, bass doesn't damage hearing anyways why do you think loud bass doesn't cause any hearing damage?
you people need to get away from each other.
ultimately though, it doesn't matter which is true.
he gives people rides all day, which can get pretty damn boring - so naturally, he’d probably prefer some conversation.
my last job was a 40hr per week position, but i was often working 50-60+ hrs (along with my colleagues) to get things finished and done correctly.
you could easily have found a solution to satisfy everyone.
why couldn't you go buy the formula?
and so the circle of assholery continues.
if you truly cared for her, like you claim, you'd go to the funeral.
how the hell is a your home not a home if he was there?
you can’t enjoy sex you’re getting from someone while also judging them for how they have sex.
i will pick it up next time i go over.” i explained how embarrassed i’d been by my husband and they thought it was hilarious!
and the rest of your post is seriously bad - you stayed with her solely because you couldn't afford to live alone, and jumped ship the minute you got enough money to leave?
but whatever, the alternative is going in debt, so go for it.
do you have a mutual friend you can get to serve as sort of a middleman for you two, so you can pass him some extra details about what you want without ruining all the surprises?
do you badmouth girls once they reject you?
i've done everything i can to make cleaning with cats easier, and eliminating places where they might want to pee outside their box.
- you knew damn well that what you said was going to hurt her and did it anyway.
he could have a medical issue that makes frequent eating necessary.
also realize that he's been there longer than you and possibly the reason for the higher salary.
were you expecting them to give up their seats?
what about taking care of his feet would make him a crossdresser and why would it be an issue if he did like to crossdress?
you all are petty pieces of shit and i love it
i've had dogs all my life, you can train them not to shit on the carpet.
you should be taking paternity leave anyway, regardless of what you choose do to about the mil situation.
you have an abnormally pessimistic worldview and a temper that is clearly problematic.
also you say he’s unpopular mostly because he’s got some conservative opinions.
you didn't have to pay for the fence.
if you need 2 tenors men, a soprano girl, and an alto girl for the lead roles, you want to make sure that you have students that would be good in the roles.
i know you feel entitled to know but that's not your call to make.
give him the benefit of the doubt, communicate, and if he refuses to change with help and while knowing you’re upset, then reevaluate.
in a few years you'll find that everyone can see through it immediately and will think you're an absolute dick, or just a fantasist.
don't do something immoral just to get her fired.
that's 10k a year saved .
i would've been cool until i found out he is weird and flirty with basically every year one female he encounters.
you should ask permission before removing.
that’s in addition to the relatively smaller chunks of time you’ll be absent doing field exercises, training, and schools and the long, irregular work hours that are a part of life when you become a service member.
> i used my hacks only once in a meaningful way while i was there.
so she felt pressured to "be exclusive" when she didnt want to be.
maybe just get a close friend who has a professional job and write formally to have a look over before you send it to your dad.
but you probably should’ve given her some sort of gift at/near the time if you were going to her birthday celebration.
i mean you didn't physically do anything so you can't be the asshole.
you question whether your mental illness might be coming into play.
it’s not having her husband in bed with her, it’s that comfort of your partner, it’s the physical closeness.
to even think about making a joke about someone’s race/colour/sex/etc...
also, your fiancee should definitely not be asking that, it's crude.
your parents are entitled to spend the money they earned however they choose.
sounds like you want him to take care of you, but not have joined assets/any benefit for him.
she can hear your side of the issue of course and she can weigh it up in her mind but, at the end of the day, *she can do whatever the fuck she wants with her own body*.
there is no legal or moral expectation at reciprocity....
> i felt like i needed to keep an eye on her and if she was flirting with leroy what?
additionally, the doctors said this isn't an emergency, you can bring your kid, and what, do you want your sister to have to explain to her kids what is happening while the horse is being put down?
people should be allowed to form their own opinions of people.try and have an honest conversation with him if you genuinely feel she will be bad for him but it is ultimately his (and her) choice.
you should have told him you were a vegetarian when he invited you to dinner.
it isn’t always easy to be faithful or committed, but in a long term relationship.
/shp this is an open-and-shut "you're an asshole".
i don't want to minimize your contributions whatsoever, but unless you previously agreed with your parents that in the event of an accident you would get part of the payout, it didn't entitle you to any part of the payout.
not for wanting her to be healthy but for *insisting*.
you're a strong fella and a great example.
it’s just lunch, not an actual meeting.
bonus: you probably don't know what you're talking about.
but - being roommates means compromise.
high school is such a shitty time for girls.
you shouldn’t make absolute assumptions as to why people are taking the lift.
he's right, reptiles literally don't have emotional connections like mammals do.
things like stamina, improved cardio health, longer lifespan, etc., tend to be goals that are less likely to lead to things like eating disorders or body dysmorphia.
whether she uses it or not it's still her possession which you broke and you should've apologized since it was an accident
*that* is the reason why you ended the relationship?
you also don't have to say what you don't mean.
&#x200b; yeah your partner is an ass and you should have a serious talk with him, but absolutely  for reading his diary.
but the way you just repeatedly lied and gaslit your friend means you are the asshole.
you’re never not the asshole for cheating.
because of how hurtfully you expressed this to your friend.
- even if the deposit is returned to madison once she leaves you will have to pay the exact same deposit to the landlord.
i'm sure she's learned from your pathetic failure and found a good person to date.
i'm sure your status has been changed on fb and have tagged each other at this point, if you're that worried about her page.
eta: if the issue is that coworkers don't like the free version's constant alerts then you shouldn't have your notifications on loud.
you’ll realize that when your dad dies and you can’t do anything with him ever again and you chose to go see a movie with people you’ll only interact occasionally with on social media in 10 years, instead of spending time with him.
&#x200b; fwiw, closure is a myth.
they clearly know i am pissed off at this point and are all avoiding eye contact with me and looked scared shitless.
she's not wrong for not wanting to hand a phone back to someone who uses it while driving.
this can only hurt the new girl if it does get serious and i don't see a lot of benefits to casual sex with a friend.
you both have issues that you should seek help for from licensed mental health professionals.
she told me i needed to let someone know before i went out with boys i “didn’t know very well” because “i could end up getting in a bad situation”.
she didn’t want you confronting him, she made that clear.
you are using him and that's what assholes do.
you just one day decided to stop talking to him.
if the money is just a side perk of being with her and you enjoy being in a relationship then i'd say your  .but you're getting close
and no, comparing that to him throwing away a potentially-bad pizza is *not* a valid comparison.
theres nothing wrong with having him as an acquaintance, but you shouldn't hide or neglect to tell your current boyfriend anything.
for booing *during intermission*, imo, because that's just obnoxious.
in all seriousness though, just throw the shower your friend wants.
while i can certainly understand you not wishing to feel as though you've betrayed your father, you instead betrayed your aunt and if she happens to find out it was you who spilled the beans, then she may very well go to her grave knowing you chose not to grant her final request, especially when so many in the family have done so already.
but instead you've insisted on picking at this scab day after day so what could and should have been a minor argument is now a whole big thing.
$1-2 on a bottle of water?
it's only a matter of time until someone takes matters into their own hands.
you seem to be under the impression that since you’re capable of working through your problems, she should be too.
sometimes people just want a bit of uncomplicated diy stress relief and it's bizarre that you want to police what your husband does with his own body when it's something harmless.
maybe it's time to euthanize her.
i get this isn't feasible in every situation, but it sounds like you had time on your hands.
don’t wish death (or in this case a faster death) on somebody just because you don’t like them.
, but it's also kinda hilarious that you're able to get away with that for as long as a couple of weeks.
for expecting the favors, but not for allowing people to willingly do you favors.
and you said it was okay for him to go and catch up but obviously something about your actions communicated that you weren’t okay with it.
if you’re going to throw a temper tantrum about every little thing you find in her phone, you need to stay out of her phone.
i honestly think you might even need to apologize and say you were just upset because you thought your cat would die.
i keep my nails trimmed and cleaned, but i've never once thought actively about my cuticles.
do they cast every role this early?
for not telling your wife the full truth about where you working.
you seem like you mean well, but aren’t aware that you’re being a bit too controlling of his time.
you realize he could lose his job over your immature shit?
the people who get the credit are the ones who did *most* of the work and actually filed all the patents and such.
adding sleeves/a shrug to a dress is super easy /and/ common.
therapy involves talking about every facet of your life, including your relationship, in order to get the bottom of what she's in therapy for.
that doesn't make you a bad person though; you can identify that it was dickish behaviour and move on from it now, which is great.
your guests then its your responsibility to clean up beforehand (though if they're close friends its probably nbd for them to see a dirty house).
, you shouldn't care what they do - you have no interest in her and have zero say in who she dates.
i’m not going to say you’re an awful human being but how hard would it have been to just say, it’s right here, go ahead and let him be done in 10 minutes as opposed to being there for an hour essentially digging in the dark.
it specifically refers to men who talk down to women because they are women.
you come off as incredibly judgemental..
but said friend doesn't want a 5 minute lecture every day about what dogs mean to you, why you like them, how they relax you, whatever.
> last week he called to let me know he would be bringing his boyfriend (he is a homosexual) hahaha you even used his sexuality as a noun.
your reaction seems disproportional to the mistake the student made.
many, many companies and academic departments never even take the time to send rejection letters at all.
if they want to discuss politics, and if you want to wear any political merch, this should be done outside of work/in public/at home.
if your friend wasn’t ready to tell her, this wasn’t your place.
i hope he has a pet or something that he can blame it on.
i don’t think she should be so confrontational, but i also think this can be avoided.
that picture sounds funny and there’s nothing wrong with doing that, but you wouldn’t say “i got a picture with a muslim woman!” or “me and this old guy using a cane took a picture” (i mean maybe you would say this but it’s inappropriate).
ask if you can hang out with her and penny beforehand so that, night of prom, penny isn't a brand-new stranger to you, but someone with whom you already have a history.
those folks might deserve the cut off you’re talking about, but it doesn’t sound like your friend has done anything like that and doesn’t deserve what you’re talking about.
- your mother is rude but you went out of your way to be unhelpful and bratty
help her get her homework done, do not let her down any further.
- she's not your property, you're not exclusive, shit son you're not even dating.
if they want to speed let them.
it's called the passing lane for a reason.
- you guys are partners and this whole.post is about you, how you lost it all, how your cancer affected you.
a simple, "hey girl, i want to help make your wedding as authentic as possible so let's meet for lunch and i'll tell you all about _____." could have avoided this whole situation.
instead of reacting like an asshole, you could have asked a few questions to try to understand where she was coming from.
seems like you don’t like him and that no matter what he does or says will piss you off.
not a popular opinion but if she is sending out resumes for you, it could mean that she doesn’t think you are trying hard enough and she expects more of you?
plus, you could've just played the game alone, it's not like you needed him there to play.
as such, you made it a choice to start your independent life immediately; so why should you be owed money for that?
and now for college loans, one of the biggest issues facing young adults today, you won't help him at all with them and all that money he saved you is nowhere to be found when it would actually be of use to him.
granted, she shouldn’t have pushed you emotionally but falling down stairs can easily lead to some serious injuries.
, totally unreasonable response to her concerns.
for lying to her about how you'll go to visit her.
a relationship needs to be a partnership, he's an ass for not helping previously, you're the ass for being petty about it- either talk thru the issue or it's not an issue
leaving them alone to their own devices for so long is so damaging to their mental health, let alone what potential shenanigans they might get into.
express your opinion but realize she wanted the guy there.
it's completely up to him, but i can see why he wouldn't want to help any of you out, because it really seems like you all left him out to dry.
you read way too much into that.
if you dont like her then stop talking to her.
and with that you might have to make some adjustments to make yourself more comfortable.
imagine being so mad people are wearing hats that you want to interrupt your meal to yell at them lmaooooo
attention is not a bad thing to want.
yeah, i know, usually friends have the code, but i think you should just move on, stay friends with both of them, and try to connect with someone else.
the jury is there to give an impartial ruling based on facts presented during the trial.
its a fucking game dude and she's absolutely right in that you have no excuse to have less patience with her when she's your girlfriend.
if financially the gift put you in a tight spot, that’s you spending outside of your means and not an aspect of the ordeal that should come into play, besides the fact that your boyfriend should have recognized how much this gift meant.
this was hugely overstepping your role as "mom's boyfriend." you are not the parent, that is not your time.
how would you like it if there was something you were totally against your children doing, to the point that you even told the person watching your kids not to let the do it, yet the person said they saw nothing wrong with it and allowed the kids to do it anyway?
then you tell her “now that you’re home, we can take care of it together.” that translates roughly to :”welcome home, please clean up after me because i was too busy having fun to keep up with it.” send your wife out for a spa day, and you and the kids clean up the house.
this isn't about her masturbating and enjoying it, this isn't about her awakening some kind of hidden sexual desire deep down.
because the chemical addiction is very real and strong.
finding out that it's a child and "joking" you'd have sex with them is disgusting.
her wanting to call you bitch then saying she doesnt feel like youre a close cousin is her way of showing you that she doesnt value your opinion anymore.
racially diverse casting is a good thing.
you’ve set her an impossible task: leave you alone to get over your disappointment *but* be unhappy about it *and* make sure you know she’s unhappy about the distance (because otherwise you’ll think she never liked you in the first place).
i also agree with your friend that all children deserve to be inspired and that all children deserve to be told they’re worthwhile.
he wants to invite 4ppl, you want to invite 100+.
you can get up and open the door for some people if she asks.
you can at least tell him to quiet down/speak softer.
ya did the thing that makes a baby and ya made a baby.
you don’t have to be supportive.
own your own feelings as well as your actions, and don't blame your feelings on this person.
because your girlfriend asked you not to supposedly when it’s a night out for the two of you.
, please don’t delete this post because it will be relevant when this behaviour puts you in court, hospital or morgue it sounds like this light doesn’t give oncomers enough time to slow down properly and people wind up having to either brake extremely hard and possibly land in the intersection, or just zip through.
and i'm not going to mess with that.
- plan your time responsibily instead of putting yourself in a position to think am i the asshole doing property damage.
"i just don't don't see a future with you." or "i need to spend more time on school/job" or "i love you but not in love with you..."
she isn't your therapist she is your friend, it's stressful and you seem to have zero consideration for how this may be affecting her.
like take a day or weekend trip somewhere.
it's sop to make people their own channels for times like these, even back in the teamspeak days.
there will be jealousies between winners and losers.
make your own shit if people can’t be bothered by you.
she is responsible too, but she's taking responsibility you are just being a fucking piece of shit!
granted, you didn't cheat and you handled things pretty well, you still screwed up.
- you may be family but you will be a guest in her house.
he should at least get accolades for defending his brother, even if you need to coach him on what lines need to be crossed before he uses force as part of that defense.
seems like you have some predispositioned idea about him already and won't give him a chance.
- your friend and the girl both should have told you - it's not a good idea to surprise people with things like that.
you are not her parent or doctor.
plenty of normal people don't have social media, and it's widely accepted that social media can cause anxiety and depression for lots of people.
i would not uproot my kid away from their father for something so high risk.
nowhere in the interaction you posted did you tell her you thought the jester just means ok and nowhere in that interaction did she call you racist.
- no one starts being irresponsible overnight.
you didn't intend to make her unhappy.
had you just been sitting at the bar and started with "let me get this round" with people you already knew, then maybe you could have hoped they'd buy the next one.
also 7-8 teenage girls, plus parents plus possibly neighbours potentially as well keeping an eye out.
not that you have one, since you slacked and got left behind there.
you left some pretty major details out of your story telling that add some pretty important context to this story, op.
, how can you be too "in the groove" walking to just turn around lmao.
it doesn't matter if tomorrow is your last day.
, but she is a much bigger asshole, and you should tell her *real* boyfriend that she is cheating on him
have you even discussed that you're thinking of filing a formal complaint if nothing changes with them?
stop lying and going along with what he wants.
then you have the option of removing notifications from that channel.
those aren't equivalent and you know it, and you only compared them to be more of an asshole than you already were.
i really wish she wore a thong or g string, i even bought her some!
i can see how constantly hearing someone say things about their ex is annoying.
your brother didn't actually do anything assholey in what you've written.
it's just the risk you (and your ex) accepted.
your whole defense of that is flimsy at best.
according to the avma, it is environmental factors (including socialization and proper animal ownership practices) that are largely responsible for keeping dogs from becoming bite risks.
your ex probably wouldn't be happy to know you're still hanging on to the pictures and it is disrespectful of your new girlfriend.
don't be a dick about it when people cook and serve you.
all you did was ruin their vibe because you’ve moved on from your undergrad days.
you shouldn't have asked him to rate you if you didn't want the truth.
just because there was no reason to lie.
yet you find this guy to be your mate, and won't accept him because he's gay, which has absolutely nothing to do with his ability to accept you.
this is not your place to comment on, and you’re sexualizing a child.
you didn't really give him a reason to trust you right now, especially since you'd stay with your guy friend without letting him know ahead of time.
instead of encouraging her gratitude, you taught her to think about how much money someone has spent on your gift and that it should influence your appreciation and happiness.
other 3 year olds probably dont care that she looks silly.
also, she’s probably trying to teach you a little bit of responsibility and doesn’t just want to purchase everything for you, especially since you seem to have a bit of a spoiled attitude about this.
if you feel trapped you should set up play dates with other moms.
>, i tried to bait a reaction out of them.
if your mattress was brand-new, out of the box, and they destroyed, it, they would owe you another brand-new mattress.
my nipples are always erect, and not in the sexy way.
but he was the one that started talking to you, you ask for a photo and he agreed,  for this part
phobias are not a joke, they severely impact a person's life.
is not a good reason for being late.
there are certain things you just don’t do at events like this and “cringing” in front of everyone performing is one of them
even if it didn't, when you turn up the volume, the other frequencies go up too, don't they?
it would be better for you (better for your character, and better for river to be polite to you) to be polite to them.
as another poster said, i think a realistic worry could be that when a woman says they aren't feeling it you might see this as a point of debate rather than accepting it (which i wouldn't necessarily consider rape but definitely asshole behaviour).
agreed to go back to school.
you let your dog run around like a maniac all night.
but the fact your gf has your snapchat so she can keep an eye on you is worrying
maybe you can find a way to travel with your boyfriend instead?
you for sleeping with someone for a raise and a promotion, your boss for taking advantage of a subordinate's desires to get ahead.
go with your family and be happy.
he did a great job respecting your feelings though by immediately being willing to leave with you because you might be uncomfortable.
you don’t have a plan, you have no idea what you want to do.
now when they want to contact their dad, they can't just do it as easily (apparently they can't do it at all since he won't pick up your calls or respond to your messages).
if you really felt bad, you would have paid him anyways.
seems like she is looking for friends or at the very least wants to be friends with her so's friends.
if he's not getting another roommate, for convenience sake you can offer to have him buy you out so he doesn't have to track you down when he moves out.
, it doesn’t matter wether you payed him back or not.
getting upset by it was pretty immature.
as an adult, with people who will never know, many of us still do, but it's still rude and we know we're being a little bit of a jerk.
this is a side tangent, but it seems like you’re really concerned with prom being perfect.
he sounds like ta in general and for especially driving after drinking...
there's a good reason for you to dislike her -  - she might be a terrible person, but you are also a bad person for selling gifts.
everyone stumbles on language sometimes, or just has something that sticks in their brain even if they know it's wrong for whatever reason.
imo, gossip is quite normal for humans, and this was completely harmless.
for ignoring your mom and for stiffing this kid.
- my first thought was , but you do have responsibilities regardless that you need to take care of.
she is a child and reacted to what happened and whether or not she reacted properly is not the issue here.
what you’re doing is a terrible way to handle communication about important life decisions in a relationship.
you should have asked her first.
but throwing it on the floor or sink isn't fair.
, both you and your friend had some major anger issues here that could have been resolved through conversation.
but, that doesn't make you any less responsible for your dogs health.
not everyone makes a great first impression, give her another chance.
you sound like a teenager with no concept of money.
he said some other girl was better.
why ask if you’re not going to follow through?
he's not going to change or pick up that what he is doing is not enjoyable.
that way you both can give your congratulations on your sil's big day.
friends can date exes but you have a right not to like it.
so you were being a bad friend.
how are you only able to study in a public coffee shop?
i will not lie i had been putting it off.
your mom cheated (maybe?), your dad confided in you, and you have no safe outlet for your anger and hurt.
i personally have an autoimmune disease and wondered about having kids in the future myself, i don’t want to put new kids in the world that are suffering like i suffered when there’s so many kids out there that need to be adopted, some of which may have autoimmune diseases as well that need a loving caring home.
>it’s not that i was feeling jealous that she slept with another guy that night.
can she hold your hand in public?
i drive an hour each way, or worse, with the weather my area's been having.
but regardless, i thought i was coming into this like "his nails are long and long nails hurt" which is valid.
you may not feel respect for her as a teacher in this moment, but if you want her to respect your opinions, you have to be willing to put your face on them.
how would you like it if someone bigger than you sat on your and restrained you in front of a group of people?
well for one, he shouldn't have taken off your shirt without asking.
>i feel like they are taking their bitterness of being single out on me.
and you should just let this go.
sexual compatibility is a real thing, so if it doesn’t work it doesn’t work.
if they destroyed the bully's life, they could destroy their own lives in the process.
the owner of the suv sucks for parking illegally, and you suck for taking justice into your own hands.
call the guy and straighten it out.
you've been dating a co-dependent, semi-separated woman for only 5 months.
of course , but you already knew that.
if you keep being "friends" with her.
you could have suggested another activity at any time, something more inclusive for everyone like board games, or m.a.s.h (is that still a thing?)
- 10/10 for you and the mother.
he's also never had a stranger grind his penis against his ass in a crowd.
shushing is a pretty rude thing to do unless you’re in a library or a movie theater.
he thinks there's a chance and you don't.
also, the joke wasn't even funny
also, you took offense because they're dismissive?
you don't know what the context was and you could have screwed the owner of the car over.
how would you feel if you had a gf and some guy was hanging around, not as a friend, but in hopes they’d date?
takes two to tango and he was giving out clear signs he was into you.
not only do i not think we're getting the whole story, your responses to comments that disagree with you are unusually dickish.
your response to them saying "i do it for you" by saying "you don't have to" is pretty dismissive.
this is nothing worth getting upset over, they probably didn't notice anyone was in.
it’s not your job to save her, fix her or make her *not be depressed*.
being blessed/lucky/having good fortune doesn't preclude hard work.
you invalidated her feelings, got mad at her for wanting sex.
it feels like you're saying no because you dont even want to try.
joking about a dead ex is esepcailly low, so i think may is the bigger ah, but josh is also isn't the greatest.
periods, for some women, can go beyond minor cramping and right into the type of pain that sends them to the er.
if you’re a troll then yeah  but honestly it’s 50/50
it would be cool if say you stealthily took a bunch of pictures when you were all together, and she knew you were there.
so there is also the sexual side of that.
maybe there's a reason that you don't have many close friends.
there was no reason to go meet this guy, period.
you describe your cousin as "the child", and "a kid" at points.
he wasn't even at the pay/food window yet.
that when people complain, they’re just doing it to make waves or cause trouble, not because there was a genuinely offensive situation.
she could have checked in with the vital guests, as could you.
expecting a restaurant to eat the costs because *you* chose the wrong food is unacceptable.
her mother had a few days at christmas.
you weren’t concerned for anyone’s safety, you just wanted vengeance.
not a smart way to go about it.
especially with how you said it.
>anyway, i know i’m , but i just want to see what you guys have to say, and show it to my bratty sister to prove she’s wrong.
you stuck your nose in, despite his protest, and probably did something that damaged what remained of their relationship anymore.
your boss has a duty to clearly communicate to you when you are scheduled to work; conversely, however, no-call no-showing will at best inconvenience your co-workers and negatively influence the work environment for you.
there is as much blood soaked into that beautiful grass as a concentration camp.
if your parents were coming in from way out of town or something, that’s different.
it's all a joke to you.
it could also come back and bite you in the ass if you try to apply anywhere else.
i notice you only point out the insults she threw your way but just that you ‘weren’t very nice about it’ when she wanted to go to her friend’s house yesterday.
yeah she just met them, did you expect them to be fast friends?
obvious , and honestly, i believe you are aware already.
you need to take some time to be alone and figure your bullshit out.
that’s a huge part of who he is.
you should not need to be told that.
i read the entire thing twice and i can’t figure out what ana allegedly did wrong.
if you must get a puppy, get it for yourself and take care of it yourself, and maybe visiting with the puppy might sometimes cheer your mom up.
kinda, because you do not comunicate, tell her how you feel but you also used her stuff, so its natural she thinks its normal between you two.
instead, you just gave someone false hope in the hopes that it would blow up on your brother.
pay for a fishing boat rental and go out with gramps for the day.
you know, i'm gonna go out on a limb here and say , because i'm having a hard time believing that we aren't getting a really skewed version of the story.
if you can tell someone is way more into you than you are into them, and you don't see yourself being on their level, then you end it with them; you don't just keep taking advantage of their feelings.
and such should be held accountable for their mistakes.
should have asked chris wtf john was talking about at the time.
you cared more about showing off your “game” than treating her like a real person.
calling her a cunt and an arsehole probably counts as , however a somewhat justifiable one.
that was the right thing to do.
it sure doesn't sound like you made it a friendly game.
if you drop out, i’d say you can kiss that friendship goodbye forever.
you are listening to music that you enjoy being played live, and if you go with someone, you are going with them usually under the premise that you both are fans of the artist.
if you are gonna ignore your religion enough to date an atheist but draw the line because of how someone buries their deceased, you're just an asshole.
for the subject of the post.
does she have enough of a social support network?
he just didn't tell you, what?
, only because that probably means someone else is responsible for the teen those days.
you sound like an entitled asshole.
this is about much more than money, if it's even about that at all.
don't screw with low-paid customer service rep's.
if you can't see how negatively you are affecting her, you are the naive one.
- sorry, but your lo doesn't know you feel drained in that specific way after a day of classes, you interrupting their story would make them feel like shit.
but, realistically, there is a social compact that if someone gives you a gift, there should be some attempt at reciprocation.
your team members should have kept you in the loop, which would have been easier for them if you had been in class.
this whole bro code/girl code thing is nonsense.
for some it is, for others that excuse is a cover for the fact that they don't have the balls to say what they really think.
she does not have any obligation to like you.
, quite frankly you're a 6-month-boyfriend and haven't seen a portion of the work, time, energy she's had to put into this.
he could have refused to serve you for wearing his least favorite color in shirt.
- your sister is right, she shouldn't have to assign chores to you.
you cannot be interdependant with someone until you are truely independant, which right now, you are not.
come on, her kids call you uncle from your relationship w her sister and you’re fuckin their mom.
you blew off a date and then asked her to come over.
we judge people on their actions and bot their intentions.
i do wonder if there is more to this story, have you by chance been doing other things to this kid?
do you find him walking you to class and talking to you everyday creepy?
, how hard is it to ask for some singles instead of the 5?
don't leave coffee in the pot, other people might want a fresh batch and leaving coffee there stinks up the whole kitchen.
her behavior makes her an asshole and your childish and very public vengeful response was immature and unnecessary.
the way you’re talking about your family and friends leads me to believe you aren’t as mature as you think.
it's up to you if you want to include the why.
and worse yet, you're hiding most of this baggage from potential dates because you know it would be a problem.
how anyone uses it is their business.
your dog damaged their floor and you should have paid them for the damage.
you completely devalued and dismissed her feelings.
this whole thing smacks of pomposity and self-satisfaction.
but after reading your edit, .
friendship is not a consolation prize.
it's not fair to your older dog to force her to spend time with the dogs that are harassing her.
you for not believing your kids to explain their concerns to the nanny - that’s something a grown up should handle.
to be honest, it sounds like you're less concerned with m's "comfort" and more worried about m to see your silly immature group chat or have your friends embarrass you.
do whatever your parents tell you to do from this point on, and then say thank you to them for saving you from your idiocy.
stalking in many jurisdictions is a serious crime.
so there are boundaries in every relationship.
what you did is just as crazy, the difference is he fell for yours.
if it's his house, he can do what he wants.
you're allowed to have the opinion that it wasn't fun, and you're allowed to go off and do your own thing.
info, but from what i've read so far, ?
why not make the best of it and try to make them feel welcome?
not only that, it tends to cut down on crime as criminals like to target neglected places where people don't care.
>i block cindy for two days to give her time to cool off.
that would have changed a lot in my eyes.
mutual joking can be okay, sounds as if you didn't read the room very well this time.
, don't leave messes in shared spaces if you have roommates.
i know it's easier said than done, but please really try to stop framing your life this way before the wedding.
bars, restuarants, whatever reserving the right to refuse service to anyone at any time.
do you even send her a text saying, 'oh hey honey, i think i will work late today.
asshole might he a bit harsh and i struggle with this a bit, but your boyfriend is a grown man and he should be given this info to do with as he sees fit.
how would you feel if she had 2 pages of hot guys (random or not) on her ig that she was interacting with?
it sounds like she is really over that kind of behavior, and she has every right to cut you out for it.
but you didn’t, so he did, and you reacted poorly.
sure, maybe she’s being a bitch, but do you really want to end up going to court or some shit over a dress?
you’re 16 and living in her house, you have to listen.
unless she asked for your opinion on her food choice, your comment was preachy, judgmental, and annoying.
work this out with your brother like an adult.
definitely a tough spot you were in, but .
honestly, i’m not a big fan of snitching when the stakes are so low.
but you also never spoke up.
seriously, as an adult you shouldn’t find farting in random children’s faces funny.
you said he’s never asked for gas money, but in a situation like this when you have a car and are choosing to use his instead, you’re saving and he’s losing, you absolutely should’ve insisted to pay him gas money, not just paid him with food.
you will accomplish nothing by being unkind, except maybe hurt him and make him "check out" even more.
, you both sound like immature, ridiculous people.
those things might come directly from how you parent (i.e.
insisting you stay there is basically locking your wife into being isolated at home, without even you around for long stretches of time, while being solely responsible for (and solely entertained by) two toddlers, in a town that’s literally 1/4 the size my high school was.
i wouldn't put too much thought into your partner's families overcaring.
it’s really not that big of a deal.
imagine you had a serious so, be it bf/gf/spouse, and they responded to similar pictures with something other than no.
not to mention you don't take responsibility for the kids (yeah you chose those kids too) that you live with and you don't want to spend time with her and snap at her when she wants to spend time with you?
your intentions may have been good, but something something paved path to hell...
if you are late all the time, it shows you don't value your professor's time.
as for you, you were concerned about your own safety and that's understandable, but if you were concerned about his safety as well, you wouldn't have left him alone in a vulnerable state on the side of the road at night.
, obviously you can't just turn off the filter and she shouldn't have kept complaining.
you owe no one your friendship.
if you give a snarky reply to someone on reddit because you think they are faking something, when in reality it is a high likelihood that almost everyone could use some words of support sometimes, whether or not they have a diagnosable mental illness
she just wants to go pee before you hog the bathroom for 20 minutes jerking it
don’t make an agreement and then go back on your word.
it was typical high school bullshit until you went nuclear with it.
if your kid is a decent student and hasn’t missed a lot of school for sickness/vacation, etc., why wouldn’t you pull him out for something like this?
- it’s no about what you want.
>to answer some of the questions, we’re not technically in a romantic relationship, but it’s a very deep friendship you tried presenting this as if you guys were in a relationship but you're not.
you literally said “a girl” - as if she means nothing.
honestly, it doesn’t sound like your relationship is going anywhere if this is the attitude you have towards her and it.
don't make up random other excuses or say things you don't mean.
and i think that’s the major distinction here.
this is a matter of trust.
just that fact that an invite would have let him know you wanted him there.
unless someone is hauling you off to jail, there’s nothing that can’t wait a day.
i get that you were upset and frustrated, not ignoring that fact.
it's also a nicety that they replied back to you at all.
you have no idea if the neighbor always hated that fence and was just waiting for it to go, you have no idea what the neighbor's financial situation is, you have no idea if the neighbor would prefer some other solution, you don't know anything because you didn't ask.
what would getting a different person to repeat the call actually do?
- you both know you’re doing something wrong.
you should probably start treating people differently if the majority is against you.
you need an attitude adjustment regarding your principal.
and stop saying "basically" so much.
you would have ended up taking uber anyway?
it's your hair, you share a shower.
what superior knowledge do you posses to have made this decision?
dogs aren't as relaxed on their own as cats.
take her to dinner and get some flowers.
you show you deserve a chance by demonstrating you've changed, not by saying it.
doesn't matter what the circumstances are, just don't.
if he's indian as you so put it, it may be due to his culture that they don't wear deodorant.
ive been a vegetarian for more than a 1/3 of my life and sometimes you either make compromises or you dont eat shes being practical, you're being an ass.
also if your wife has children we will have to let you go.
is it because you introduced them to gambling?
i would apologize to her if i were you and say - "hey, sorry i flew off the handle earlier.
ya'll clearly have some underlying resentment issues here.
you *want* your girlfriend to feel bad?
you should consider ongoing therapy and working closely with a psychiatrist to find the best medications to support your rest and emotional health, while minimizing the side effects.
i ended up with a huge crush on him.
he didn't need to explain why to you.
a conversation with your friend is not a legally binding contract...
> "i don't think he is entitled to know about my sex life" he isn't entitled.
our mistakes are what makes us human.
if your steph was really not interested in being friends, she shouldn't have made plans in the first place.
you have to get along with these people if at all possible.
you invited them over and offered drinks, they owed you nothing.
> i had $2000 that i was supposed to pay towards my credit card you are in college, and you have thousands of dollars in credit card debt.
it doesn't sound like he's homophobic, necessairly, but being raised in a religious family can definitely leave a lasting impact on how you feel about homosexuality.
you think the girlfriend is unaware of all this.
don't be an asshole, unless you are willing to (a) replace everything you throw out and (b) face the consequences from the landlord for deliberately doing something that you've already been told not to do.
you had no idea if there was alcohol in it or not.
land in someone else's work area.
what you said was equivalent of "hey you two are both black!
she was trying to do you a favor.
there is a lot of deception there that can do a load of damage to your marriage.
when i was in college, those rooms were hard to come by.
her immediate desire not to be tied down should’ve been a clue.
if you feel lonely, maybe get a pet?
far better to not make the disagreement personal.
nobody wants to look at dirty dishes sitting around over night.
be open about it, especially when you still feel chemistry.
and you said your male friend is straight?
at first, it sounds like your just trying to be helpful, but when i got here, i realized just how ingrained you made yourself into her life: > i spent the rest of the weekend avoiding her, because i got the impression that she didn't want me around.
in order to keep the peace i stopped bringing my sd with me places which ended up terribly *for me*.
her family is covering half the cost, you're staying with her other family and you've been together three years.
your lawyer comment was also a bit immoral because it seems like a cop out just do that after escalating.
telling him off was not necessary and not friendly, and your mutual friends don't want to deal with that drama.
you are choosing to let your anxiety win.
if you intentionally didn't point it out at the time because you wanted the lower price, cashier be damned, .
they probably cooked that child in their baby oven for 9 months, they’re going to be sensitive if you call it ugly.
i feel bad for your kid.
yeah it worked out okay but don't fuck with other peoples food
everyone involved needs to be more mature
i was gonna say  until you said that you have a right to pick at it.
it does not matter how you feel that she's dating someone.
i’m not psychic and i don’t know exactly what your wife is thinking, but i’m willing to bet that she wants you to say something because she’s tired of bearing the emotional labor of dealing with your parents.
let's assume this is real and not some mgtow jerk off post.
think about the other people around you.
you should work with him about it.
you are still employed therefor you still have responsibilities.
man it sounds like you're causing her some anxiety by doing this.
you two are terrible at disagreements.
don't go around making snide comments about your co-worker's personal lives.
consideration for everyone in that office, take two minutes and empty the old pot, get the next one ready to run.
- i get where you're coming from, and it's not much of an asshole spot, but in this, your mother saved this money and deployed it for a strategy, and now on the other side another of her plans needs additional support to come to fruition.
doing stuff behind a parent's back is unfortunately  territory.
you suck because you had so many opportunities to do the right thing and stop it from happening.
synthetic wigs also have a short lifespan (< 2 months with average use).
would you think he’s an asshole?
you probably meant "this doesn't change our friendship and i'll always have your back" but what he probably heard was "i don't acknowledge this part of your identity as something important enough for me to take the time to talk about it"
massive  >i want them to know the truth that’s not for you to decide
regardless of the outcome, this was an immature and messed up way of dealing with it.
having a conversation is better than just ignoring someone.
at the very least put your takeaway boxes in the bin.
- asshole is a strong word here, but inconsiderate, surely.
and apart from that, ywbta because two wrongs don't make a right + that would only make you look like a petty child and severly reduce the chances of any other choirs recruiting you in the future.
changing to  now, been reading your replies to people and as someone stated before, you wanting to have your own child doesn’t make you an asshole, your lack of empathy does, instead of trying to sympathize with him you’re pushing for a baby right now, and refusing to even see or understand *his* point of view, you have a long time to be a mother, you’re not going to be a *geriatric mother* at age 29.
you could've tried, atleast ask what his problem was with it.
as a best man, he will not have much time for her, leaving her to associate with people she doesn't know at all and people who actively have contempt for her.
for trying to conduct an experiment without prior consent or ethics approval.
a question that starts with "am i the asshole for keying my coworkers car" should tell you immediately that  it's never ok to destroy someone else's property.
i thought the demure voice was a humorous yet appropriate response, especially if he gives you a hard time about raising your voice while female.
that doesn’t mean that it isn’t icky, because it is, but just for trying to control him, you’re the asshole in this situation.
you would be the asshole in this situation.
the only way i can see if  is if you only split the bill because you weren't interested and would have paid for her if you were.
honestly, i’d tell your boyfriend to run.
your fries cook for two and a half mins, and then we have to bag your order.
you knew you weren't feeling well (and not performing at the top of your game due to that), but rather than backing down and letting a collegue take over, you let your pride get in the way.
she's clearly insecure, but that doesn't excuse pretending to be you and ripping into your friend, or pretending to be your friend to "catch" you.
you are hypocritical you fucked her ex, and now you're annoyed she is dating your ex.....
this is a very common way for families to act after something like this happens.
he may have been embarrassed by your actions, or fully aware of what your sister was like but wanted a drama free day for his wedding.
i saved up some money and got my own place, and then drank as much as i wanted, and did whatever i wanted, under my own roof.
for being disappointed, but  if you expected him not to spend time with his daughter on her birthday.
if my brother played video games instead of attending my birthday celebration i'd be pissed.
what is the actual lease agreement and who is on it?
i know it sucks but that’s the perk of moving out one day.
if you want him to be happy, then you should be glad that he's found someone to be in a relationship with.
your unwavering perspective on this is exactly the problem.
based on what you know, you both should make more flexible plans.
9) you just repeated problems 3 & 4.
just keep in mind the other guy that was aroused by the same thing...was her creeper stepdad.
but at the very least you could have called out "do you need emergency services?" and then called 911 for him.
if my kids were a day late unloading the dishwasher, i’d be irritated, too.
family means something and especially if they could benefit from continuing to witness you example of how to live, then ditching them makes you an asshole.
you mispronouncing it on purpose does not prove a point - it just shows that you think japanese names are "weird" and are being an asshole about it on purpose.
so, while this post is stupid af, i still love u and hope you see where i’m coming from.
they can wear whatever tf they want.
chances are there are many people recommending candidates, not just your friend right?
seems like you want to “set boundaries” that she’s not really part of your family.
as long as you didn't yell at the poor people, which it sounds like u didn't.
what the hell is he supposed to think about this?
i’m a teacher so i’m pretty biased here, but you and your friends suck.
had you told her your eyes were being irritated and she continued to do it you would have been completely justified.
you’re a dick who isn’t clever enough to insult someone based on something they have control over.
for so many reasons: 1 - you're judgmental about a perfectly innocent hobby 2 - you make unilateral decisions about shared living space 3 - apparently you didn't move them cautiously, as you damaged them...and these things can be worth real money, depending on what they are.
i don’t want her to go back to work as soon as she gives birth.
you are like that guy who wonders where all the people are that he gave directions to....
a bit self absorbed there buddy.
because of the way you handled it.
you agreed with her that the cat's home would be upstairs.
you need to get on board with the hours; software jobs are notorious for long hours, particularly for a beginner who’s relatively inexperienced.
- i only read the tldr.
she's a grown ass woman, and presumably a fairly smart one, at that, if she's a vet.
- that's brutal and i empathize, my parents do something similar (i'm too hot in both winter and summer).
that would make no one the asshole really.
she went out of her way to cook for you.
but yeah, i would be pissed in your shoes too.
it was a bit of a roller coaster for me reading through your post, as an adult with a step-parent.
see if you can find and learn from some of those people, instead of jordan peterson.
on darker parts of reddit they disdainfully call this "beta orbiting" or being "friend zoned." n has already lost a few friends, how will it make him feel to learn that another one was just using him?
why did both of you allow yourselves to get pressured into this?
and i hope you get hit with a hard slap of justice from family court.
sure,  for not reading cues better about whether she was up for being made fun of in the moment, but hopefully she understand's you didn't mean it like that and will forgive you at some point.
splitting up is probably for the best.
if my husband told me he was laid off and that he’d already gotten a three-month contract and had interviews lined up for after, i’d be impressed with his ambition and the fact that he’d planned ahead and wasn’t content to sit around.
people have been dumped over less.
your husband won't love you less for not spending as much.
break up now so it doesn't get messy in the future.
for the florist that's not on you.
the only time you can is if you tried the clothes on and they do not fit.
how do you know the computers aren't accurate?
i'm pro-choice, but that's just wow...
seven months is not very long at all.
you are right its not a holiday but you went out of the way to state your opinion.
trying to initiate sex multiple times in one day after already receiving multiple no’s would be a fairly large red flag to me.
you're understandably not a fan of being mistaken for being pregnant, but if you call them out for genuinely trying to be polite they'll stop being polite.
i've looked at a few sources, but here's one: [
when she has told you 3 times, she wants nothing to do with you.
at the same time, though, you all seemed to have been at the least complacent.
remember that bd is different from major depressive disorder in that bd has two phases: mania and depression.
but you should be empathetic towards her situation and not condescending about how little she knows.
yes, that message would be “holier than thou”, and really all you would be doing is cementing his opinion of you.
there’s no need to go into details about the annoying conversation or how you’ve lost interest.
it was definitely not your place to say something on his behalf.
if it's true that you are only *thinking* they're being jerks about.
i believe like anything in the relationship it's 50/50.
holy fucking shitballs are you actually blaming a cancer patient for having cancer?
you friend did you a favor, would you prefer he left you on the side of the road.
you clearly need the practice, my dude.
most importantly, you should know that her fears and feelings about being left alone with a stranger from the internet are totally valid!
nice to see that you're openminded, though, but it's important to pick up your trash.
he’s trying to fix the problem *right now*.
you'll barely be able to function let alone use that time for anything productive (at least not with 100% focus), let alone actually unwinding.
do not start drama in your apartment complex.
had she been single i wouldn’t see any issue with this since you’re both consenting adults.
find a mature way to deal with each other.
this type of thing, however, should be discussed beforehand.
she wanted it to be a surprise.
if your dad told you, then he is including you in his marriage issues, which is not fair.
, in that situation, you should have let him know before he found you out the situation.
“i like you, therefore i’m not comfortable with you calling other guys cute in front of me.
your flat mate and her friends have as much right to be there and talk about what they want as you do.
your girlfriend has a lot of good points: >she told me assholes weren’t supposed to be pretty and that i was acting really immature yup >that life wasn’t like porn yup >we don’t plan anal really might want to reconsider that, if you think butthole hair is gross wait until you strike gold
but you should work on improving them, because that way you and the people you interact with will both be happier and have more beneficial conversations.
for letting him take you on the date and pick up the tab before you turned him down.
your story seems to suggest there's 8 students that routinely cause trouble but you fail to single them out for disciplinary action?
- it's one thing to joke around with something like that in private, but to do so surrounded by close friends?
what if it's your teeth, or your mom, something that you can't change and it would just make you feel bad?
you have to accept that she is now an intimate part of your friend's life.
first of all, because you kicked a 60 year old man.
you're  for not wanting to play with someone that isn't good.
you don't even use street parking.
for being upset about porn in general.
and you sound like a complete lunatic.
it's a pretty funny story tho, lol.
if a few days of the lighthearted approach doesn't make a difference perhaps just say something like "please can you not scare the shit out of me every day?!" i totally get where you're coming from as i'm the jumpiest person ever.
and you esculated that argument as much as the other person.
i'm going to go against the grain and say .
if you really want to learn a language, go enroll in a spanish class.
you don't want to go lunch with someone because they're not as popular as you.
i know you got him an awesome gift and he is pouting a bit, but you were incredibly insensitive to his feelings.
and did i hear you say she had to wake you up?
- don't throw a punch you can't take, serious or not.
sounds like there’s a lot of frustration in that house!
you have nothing to be offended about.
do not reject growth for the lie.
you should support your wife and attend her family weddings, she has every right to be annoyed at you.
but i get why you're not stoked to go out with them again.
how much of her time did you waste pretending to want to stay with her?
he didn’t buy them for her - she asked him to pick them up.
you advised firing 4 extra people so you'd get a raise and bonus.
you made a mountain out of a molehill by storming up to bed.
yeah he's a shitty roommate but you're a passive aggressive asshole.
you handled it badly, so i say , but really she is the bigger asshole here.
i'll try to send updates when i can but if i don't, it's not personal."
i'm not sure she would have married you if she knew you'd be a giant pussy about having to do some extra chores sometimes.
- in high school, i used to have a teacher who would give 5 bonus points on monday if you turned in the homework then, 4 if you turned it on tuesday, and so on and so on.
even if you had brought it up with her as a concern, like "hey i'm worried about some stuff that's going on" and gave her a chance to consent to it that would have been a little better.
they make messes and destroy things.
would he be there for you?
he came to talk to you after firing you over a surgery??
i’ve worked for the post office.
you don't have to approve anything she does, as long as she is respectful to the relationship.
you could have just asked him to wear a mask.
if the items aren't special to you, give them up but also try to share some things with his son about him.
you wanted compensation for an outage that they have no record of?
you’re moaning over 200k from what you said.
should he have said all of that to you in person?
if it won’t then decide if having a chat with her mutually apologizing and making up will work because you were both wrong.
he may not be right on every issue, but it wouldn't kill you to say you're sorry for his loss.
it's shittier to let your dog stay uncomfortable than have an actual professional evaluate how to help him.
it seems like a lot of other things may be clouding your view of what the issue is.
i got some vibes, that i might be wrong about, that you may actually be more attached to it than she is, which might be colouring your decision-making process here.
google ‘blackface’ to see why it’s racist to colour your skin in this way.
wishing misery upon people for your own lolz
if you're expecting someone to let you know where they are and they never respond i think it's reasonable to be worried.
not wanting to confront him and deflecting it to whether the landlord says its ok or not left things ambiguous between you two and led to this situation.
if you don't talk to them and ask them to stop.
they should support you, but they should also tell you when they feel you're making a bad decision.
it was mildly annoying at first, but now it's entertaining.
if your girlfriend told you that you couldn't go to your best friend's birthday party, you'd be angry.
do you think there's a reason she doesn't want to tell you?
she doesn’t want to be a mother right now, and was on birth control.
you also suck for just expecting your girlfriend to sit there and take abuse from some random person.
no one has maturity in this scenario so there’s no value in weighing in on who sucks the most.
, because your friends are racist and judgmental, your parents are too controlling, and you shouldn’t have dated him in the first place if you knew it wasn’t going to work out.
debating and discussing things is fun.
and by the way: > if my child comes to me and tells me that he's gay, i'll kill him.
why is it that i see posts so often on subreddits like r/relationships and apparently this one where someone blatantly invades their partner's privacy like it's a normal thing to do?
at that point it is insincere and in my mind means nothing.
i'm just saying these are all things i would realize the mother might think if i just assumed she was a nanny and didn't find out in a more tactful way.
if anything, maybe try to connect with his son.
- having your first kid is a pretty trying time, and no doubt your wife is just as nervous and unsure as you are.
how do you think he's going to respond when he eventually finds out that you have herpes and didn't tell him?
- leroy was a hero and got a heros thank you.
take your fucking dog to the vet.
if you want to continue the relationship i think you definitely need to continue therapy together and alone and should consider living apart for a while.
if you think you should be able to just go out and buy a degree without doing any work, here, i will sell you one for the low low price of $50k.
everyone experiences periods different, some people really want to have extra emotional support during their period because of hormonal imbalances.
by telling them playing it by ear but in reality just want to hook up, then you're lying to them and leading them on.
perhaps they want to help her to stay focused so she can get the most out if her education.
unless there's part of the story you're excluding, no assholes here.
i also assume you don't share dna.
part of breaking up means you might see your exes sometimes and have to learn to be okay with it.
therefore, you are the asshole, thief.
, relationships do not override friendships.
again, there is no reason for a 24 year old adult male to be chatting with a 15 year old underage female.
- he has a right to be upset that you canceled after you already told him you were going, but he definitely shouldn’t have called you a bitch over it.
don't be that socially awkward guy that doesn't understand negative reactions mean you fucked up.
i'm guessing that the prices that you researched were for new mattresses, right?
if they restarted without their equipment, they're forced to slog through the same mediocre story they already beat, without access to the endgame content (mercury, mars, leviathan, the forsaken shores), which is the fun part anyways.
you can still be the kid's parent and assume responsibility without getting married to the kid's mother.
either *talk* to him about this call, decide you're going to trust him and work on your insecurities, or break up and work on your insecurities on your own so you don't sabotage yourself with convoluted plans that don't benefit you or resolve anything.
i think  but not on purpose.
i don’t think you really care what any of us label you as and it seems like this post is more for attention than anything else, but .
people are people, and if homie and feelin' it, homie ain't feelin' it.
you know the girl well enough where you could send her a quick message letting her know.
not to mention, photographers get a bit less business on a consistent basis than mechanics.
and you are the asshole for digging into his private account.
you should have just turned round and asked them to be quiet and if that didn’t work gone to tell someone.
let them do what they want.
it wasn't yours so you have no say in if he gives it away or sells it, it has nothing to do with you.
i get that your "tree guy" said it would be difficult to get his gear back there, but the fact that you bothered to even *try* and you just keep pulling excuses out of your ass show what kind of person you are.
you already had plans and she hadn't made any with you.
and it's not like you're going to dinner or spending time.
you flirted, hard, with a client's wife and told her you'd be willing to assist in her cuckolding her husband.
you hate this girl, and you're also acting like you're obsessed with her.
if you can't handle that maturely then stop being her friend.
if you say fuck her feelings, i'm going to do what i want and still expect her to be okay with it.
if someone had run you over, even though it was your fault, it would have ruined their life as well.
you mention at the end of your post you were hoping she'd help out.
i understand that it may feel like a violation of trust, but your friend really was doing the right thing.
he’s been nice to you about it for the past few months.
, she was being way too creepy and possibly was trying to steal your wallet, but the way you write about this makes you sound like a refugee from r/incels.
it's her home as well, respect that more.
i get that it may not be your thing to go to events like these but you could have been real with yourself and decided no, before you said you would go, before you planned matching colours and before suit shopping.
you punished her with silence and yes, that is a way of exerting power over someone else.
and shes also ta, ofc she is but you're being immature and petty trying to get a girl fired for messing with your brother.
however, it is ok to ask her to take the pictures of you down.
if you want to take that stance, live alone.
if i were the girl in question, based on this i wouldn't find you a prize, either.
i think you’re best off sitting down with her and discussing the long term with pet ownership if it’s such a dealbreaker for you.
to deliberately create something that you know will physically repulse your so.
but what she said did not necessitate any yelling nor was there any “disrespect” shown to you.
your jewelry comment was way worse than her motorcycle retort.
it sounds like you didn't handle the situation from your perspective very maturely, had a tantrum and stormed off instead of just getting on with it or turning back when you felt ill.
you are the center of his world.
6 is too damn early to be making loud noises.
he gets a *single* day off, is probably exhausted, clearly seems to need some guy time ...
given the past situation, you had to have known how your excuse was gonna play out.
the fact that you can look at the nice thing your parents did for your sisters and say, well, i don't want that, but you do owe me $40k is among the most insane, narcissistic, and ultimately asshole-ish things i have ever heard on this board.
it sounds a bit as if you resent his success.
christ, that read like middle school lol
it is okay to talk to whomever you need to talk to about your stressors.
the chair was accident and she paid for it.
but guess what - people are not going to obey pedestrian etiquette in disney world, and they won’t have a cover over their baby at all times.
you are an adult and she is your partner, not your maid.
being an "equal opportunity asshole" doesn't make you less of an asshole.
especially if this was a local game.
we're both okay with kissing other people as long as we tell each other but that's it - ergo, we'd know exactly how to proceed in a game like truth or dare.
why make fun of a girl whos just living her life?
maybe you won’t, like you expect, but then you never have to go again.
you’re equating a woman being abused by men and abused long-term by her mother to getting hit a few times?
he does sound highly annoying, but part of being an adult is that sometimes you have to be civil to people you'd much rather not talk to, epecually in work environments.
you chose to take extra for yourself when you knew how scarce it was.
if you want a day out, it sounds like he feels like he is already providing that by being home?
rinse the sink when you're done.
work your ass off, get more 'focused', and enjoy the fact that your partner will be far better off building her career so you can build a life together.
he rang your bell multiple times, it could have been an actual emergency.
your ire should be directed at the administrators higher up the ladder, not the worker on the lowest rung.
just because he’s wealthy and you’re poor doesn’t change the fact that this was your responsibility.
just because you're in "america" and the "bible belt", not everyone automatically speaks english.
i am betting his father wants to escalate this behavior.
when you make an irrational purchase, just tell her "you don't get to tell me what to do"?
do you seriously think her coworker wants her to date sam the loner?
imagine how bad you would feel.
as galling as the banker's behavior has been in the past, this is not an analogous situation for exacting your much-deserved revenge.
maybe everyone was too worried about your friend to think about you.
if a person wants to borrow something, here's how it goes: you ask permission.
your bf is an asshole for starting breakfast and expecting you to finish.
if you live in some cheap area where you can rent a place and save a down payment on $80k then good for you but that's not the reality of most of america and it has little to do with your lack of education debt.
does that make sense to you?
that is basically what you said.
, you cant make someone change their diet.
you guys could have prevented this problem by not being a bunch of dumbasses
and honestly i don’t recommend arguing with people.
he shouldn't threaten over an xbox controller but you shouldn't sell some after agreeing.
that is not you're information to share.
they decided together that it’s an open relationship.
would your opinion change if she had organised a dinner party, paid for all the food, and asked your friends to bring a bottle of cooldrink?
your husband has the right to refuse sex, and you're an asshole for making him feel guilty (intentionally or not).
for being rude but that's about it.
the purpose of the horn is to get another driver's attention when needed, not to express your anger.
it is impossible to tell what actually happened by what you wrote here but if you are misgendering people, you are the asshole.
you also don't get to dictate her life for her.
also you're an asshole for lying to him too.
"or ask something related but that might not be covered." that's not staying on topic.
if you guys do stuff like this you both need to learn to communicate with the 3rd party better and more respectfully.
maybe next time even take two cars and spend a majority of the time there but go home after a little bit.
and let me tell you, op: for my mom, my sister, and me, it was *so* embarrassing.
you are the one imposing a strange set of rules to a simple food delivery here.
so you share some of the suckiness, but only in the most technical sense (his house, his rules).
this makes no sense, and is a cop out from actually admitting you are obsessed with someone.
you live there rent free at 25, and get paid to do chores.
she even had other straight kids, so grandchildren/dil/sil concerns weren't an issue-- but it seems to have damaged my cousin's relationship with her mom and grandma pretty significantly.
that's up to the court, not you if he has parental rights.
in my own case i’ve noticed that sometimes i don’t want to do something and the only reason for my resistance is i don’t want to be told what to do.
you could have asked her if she’s understanding the material or needs help.
move out or do what your mom says.
unless she dumped a container of glitter all over the floor, i doubt this was this much of an issue) unless she was cooking an absolutely absurd amount of bacon, there is no way it could be all over all of these surfaces.
- he's fucking dead, maybe wait more than a month before verbally insulting a guy who is, once again *dead*.
, if you know exactly what you want them to tell you then why even ask?
his behavior is selfish and rude.
also it's assholish behavior to expect anything from people you are not entitled to anything just because you are manipulating someones feeling for you even if its "unintentional" which i don't think it is because you know what you are doing.
she took care of you for days.
homeless people are born i here in america and could easily clean themselves up and try and sort themselves out.
your disrespect comes from insinuating that she's lying to you and she did tell you no.
if you no longer have feelings for an so, continuing to stay with them is leading them on.
as someone whose been in this situation (minus the extenuating things with your husband and mother), i was ta and  if you act on these feelings (i.e cheat) you’re def  just for having a crush.
that said, you're at least aware that you made some mistakes.
you ruined this guy's shirt just because you didn't like it, and then halfass apologized.
and maybe try not censoring yourself at all.
you lied about kissing someone else.
all you had to do was give him a courtesy heads up (“hey boss, i just wanted to let you know some of the coworkers and i were talking and we don’t feel like we fit into the crowd of people coming out tonight and the traveling is a bit more than we’re comfortable with.
, i know sometimes it’s difficult when you’re surrounded by people trying to convince you to do something else but if it really mattered to you you’d have made the effort to go on time.
walk the damned dog away from the bushes.
but also, it just seems vitally important to understand people *will* physically age and change shape.
because an owner bought a house.
my heart goes out to your mum.
i dated a girl for a few weeks, until she broke it off out of the blue.
similarly, your wife is the one currently making the baby.
your friend, on the other hand, should have locked his dog up in the crate like he agreed to do.
you shouldve taken no for an answer.
if your school has some type of detention system, you could send them there so they can't disrupt class and the people who want to learn can learn.
it's liable to make her feel especially uncomfortable just because you're having trouble taking no for an answer.
he’s your boyfriend and he should get to feel like you’re proud to be with him, regardless of how he looks.
how long have you been dating?
she's handling it professionally by keeping a calendar like any other professional model.
try and hear where she's coming from, too.
your reasons for living at home are totally understandable and valid.
she can’t control her anxiety attacks.
she said she was ‘really’ hungry.
you’re both being enormously childish about this for something pretty cheap.
if you guys had discussed this beforehand and he agreed that he wouldn’t have any guests over, then he would be the asshole.
your dad can teach you, it's something he's good at and maybe you'd find some common ground here.
he’s your husband and you share your finances.
making a scene accomplished literally nothing, and it was completely unnecessary.
im a fully functioning adult and i make a point to view as little news as possible, it's all negative and very little if it is going to change my day to day life.
i really hope you’ve matured and understand how completely inappropriate this was.
for blaming wilma for fred's mistake.
she doesn't make you cut yourself; you do that.
i'd suggest talking this over with her once she feels better.
you punching him is acceptable imo as he hit first but you were being an asshole with your secrecy considering he deserves to know how your studies are going.
it’s probably very apparent to her that you’re not attracted to her, and honestly i’d expect my loved one to find me attractive pregnant or not.
it's not only creepy, but also it's normal that it bothers your gf.
you're an adult, you know that will make him wonder forever about what happened.
you knew this > i can't even properly schedule around it because her period seems to come at a semi-random time every month.
i've never heard of someone taking out a pay day loan and agreeing to the monumental interest rates they provide unless they absolutely needed money right away to keep a roof over their head or feed their children, and *even then* it's a terrible decision that will ultimately blow up in their face.
he’s your brother and he got you a very nice present.
it isn't your place to decide who should or shouldn't be in the chat or what the vibe should be, and if the streamer doesn't mind people in the chat talking about depression or even wants/welcomes them there, you shouldn't be banning them.
maybe don't think of it as a holiday and just think of it as a get together with your family.
did you communicate with your team mates about any of this?
i'm european and our house is very, very well isolated and i still wasn't allowed to do that shit.
that is not the issue here.
regardless, this is something that absolutely does affect them.
your bill was $36 tip off of that.
it's either owned by the city, or by someone.
do you want them to just robotically nod and laugh periodically everytime you mention dogs?
second of all, your family earns enough, he doesn't need to work.
>if you get on my nerves i become the most petty nightmare, and it never ends because you're officially put on the "shit list" for me.
imagine how you'd feel if you spent months and alot of money planning for something for your gf and when you finally surprised her, excited for her reaction she gives you that.
it’s also the same as proposing at your *actual wedding*...
he's with someone, doesn't matter who, he's just with someone and you'd be the asshole if you don't respect that.
instead of calling your sister's behavior that of "the very kind of people i don't like", maybe try looking deeper to see what you can do to *actually* help someone who sounds like they're really struggling.
or, you know, to claim you as his girl, because he feels threatened that those guys might be interested in you.
if you say you’re gonna do something, do it.
you even wanted to go to the bank to get cash so you didn't have to deal with coins.
can she cry or will you bring up your dad again?
you don't seem to to grasp that a relationship is a two way street.
laying hands on another outside of a means to defend yourself is unacceptable no matter what.
on top of that, although this is a dick move, it's not that bad.
he doesn't know you, and he doesn't owe you a chance.
racism isn't cool, but neither is stealing from your roommate.
don't cheat, and don't let people cheat with you.
and > lmaoooo short guys are seriously pathetic.
but that's because doubling up the dose is dangerous and not shown to necessarily work.
you would be, from what i have read from you on this thread you seem to have a superiority complex.
and if you're a drunkard, insulting your host and your dog is biting people, you deserve to be kicked out.
and you're telling your girlfriend that too because you already knew she was aware of your ig porn stash.
just say "i'm sorry to hear that man, i hear (this location with therapists) can really help with situations like that.
your friend appears to be higher than you in emotional intelligence, sometimes known as 'eq.' you might want to look it up.
you could end up with a casey anthony situation.
your kids misbehave so bad they need separate bedrooms?
you're not an asshole for not wanting to be friends, that's perfectly normal and justified given your position.
thats damn creepy man especially because you work with her thats kinda borderline harassment too???
you should've been honest and said to the friend you made plans with that you weren't up to hang out the third friend.
it's clear that your parents don't set any real boundaries when it comes to providing you all with privileges like gaming stuff, it sounds like they can't remember who has had what and where and simply respond to the child who is making the most noise about it.
i did that because i believe that it isn't ethical to try to break up a couple to get a new relationship going.
you got a dude fired because, in grief, he made fun of a holiday that is largely ridiculed as an excuse to get wasted.
he’s probably just one of those people that have a lower sex drive, and you can’t force someone to have sex.
there is no “otherwise perfect relationship” when trust has been breached and your lifestyle choices are completely different.
> i feel like it's kinda a jerk move to ask a girl who has a crush on you to set you up with her friend for a good reason.
had you told her early on before the relationship was serious, she could have made a decision then.
it really hurts when your partner doesn’t want you and it seriously fucks up your self esteem.
also for the shitty clickbait title.
this is your sister’s life and none of your business.
i'm leaning toward , a little.
treasure the moments you have with your family, get off reddit.
plus, it’s their right to just not care and if that’s how they want to be that’s not your business
his behavior is disgusting, and you’re enabling him.
well they just wanted to exclude him.
there's nothing wrong with a parent being affectionate with their kid.
sometimes it’s what’s available, and saying they should just get a different job is elitist as hell.
that is, quite literally calling their food raw.
however, she should feel bad that she caused a chain reaction to go off that caused a mess and a broken table and shouldn't have blown up back at you.
the backfiring is alright, it was an accident.
i might appreciate someone aesthetically, but my “sexual orientation” is just for my so.
and also, because your reaction is that severe, openly or just inwardly, i can see why she has some nerves about you wanting to, frankly, money grub.
telling someone that losing weight will fix all their problems completely ignores why they have those issues in the first place.
while i’m usually a proponent of reporting unsafe conditions to cps, you did so based on hunches and an old grudge.
as long as shes being safe and her bf isn't abusive there's no reason to worry.
in terms of the room upgrade, a tip is a tip, you didnt pay for the room you just tipped them and they were kind enough to give you something for it
sometimes it’s hard for people with depression and other mental illnesses to do anything tbh.
try to see it from your parents point of view.
the bottom line is that your son gets showered (by your own account) with gifts every year and you're finding excuses to be mad about it.
sometimes, part of growing up is having new people enter your life and older acquaintances fade out.
and you found one....except...she found more.
it would have been easier and far more expensive for them if you had called the non-emergency police line or the towing service for that parking lot.
but once you’ve invited or promised, you can’t back out just because you kinda sort of want to do it differently.
but frankly you need to have a come to jesus with your brother and tell him to stop fucking involving you in this
if i was the girl that’d eff me up pretty bad.
this all sounds very dramatic anyway, and you need sometime apart.
if you expect your parents to just pay the bills while you “travel” or do “woodworking or something” or “do nothing”  100%.
it's not her problem with how much you've spent, the way you went about it only goes towards helping her prove her point.
have you ever taken over the baby and house for a day so she can get out and relax?
glad you came to your senses.
- i get that your band is important to you, but you're willing to cut all ties with what sounds like a great friend is awful.
suck it up for your family.
but if she makes a mistake, how about cutting her some slack for all the hours she's already done this for you?
it’s an asshole thing to say, regardless of whether your mom is a narcissist.
a baby does not resolve marriage problems, they typically create more.
please don't contact me further." that's it, that's all.
you’re stealing, and the boss is a pos.
i hate when my friends try to get my support just because i’m they’re friend.
all of them now have kids.
because men can take their daughters out and should not be considered pedophiles when in the company of their daughter(s) just bc of their gender.
what kind of friend are you to her, really?
if that fails, take it to the department.
sounds like there is too much alcohol involved for anyone to be able to make a responsible decision here.
they shouldn't be shoved in front of a tv for hours because they're bothering you or their *might* be broken glass outside.
it doesn't matter if the job sucks, if you are quitting you give notice.
i'm ashamed to say i've been the bad roommate like this.
doesn’t matter who is an asshole on the road most of the time.
you didn't mention your school noticing anything or alerting your parents to an issue that they ignored.
this is not your personal space regardless of how “relaxed” it is.
regardless of his actions in the past, it was incredibly shitty of you.
and especially for using the term “friend zone” which implies that friendship is somehow a step down or consolation token.
bo is legal, too and you wouldn't want to have to sit next to someone who hasn't showered for three weeks, would you?
your friend prob feels like you only kept her around because you thought shed eventually want a relationship with you, which is accurate.
; \- the parents for shrugging off the brother's behaviour all this time \- the brother for not being considerate even when you gave him an alternative to blasting music on his speakers \- you for going on a rant fuelled by emotions the brother's 14 op, you going on a tirade this time will either result in him actually showing some respect (highly doubt this'll happen) - or him continuing to do the same but with a "reason".
you literally called her out on wearing a black hijab and basically said she looked like she was in isis....
yeah, you aren’t into comics but millions of people worldwide clearly are.
if my adult child 'hid' my towels because they felt mistreated in someway, we would immediately have a very serious discussion.
for not letting her use your car, but  for not dropping her off to work like usual because you don't want to get up.
you're an adult, you should have handled this better
, she wasn’t bothering anyone and some people use snapchat nowadays to communicate like texting.
if you did have enough money for dinner, pay for it and he can transfer you the money.
you can't force people to unfriend someone (and you shouldn't try), so this request will seem pretty strange to them.
“i started going through his texts like i usually do” you find out he’s been texting another girl.
there is definitely points in your childhood where you acted like a brat when she tried to show you how to navigate the world- where you were difficult and hard to handle when explaining a new concept or activity to you.
plus, they aren’t usually the ones involved in upper level policies, so it’s kind of like asking them to make up the difference because of some random manager’s great money making idea.
sometimes kids come out looking way different than their parents.
i hope not you since you're not out for something you didn't even want.
you don't have to talk to someone if you don't want to, but there's a huge difference between brushing someone off and saying that you want nothing to do with them
they are not her nor do they speak for her.) then you started a pissing contest with her ex to see who could give her the nicer gifts while she was laying in a hospital bed possibly dying.
if they're noisy, neighbors have probably complained in the past.
because you already made it a huge point that this woman purposely started stretching *directly in front of you* in an otherwise empty gym and then started hounding you for staring, the implication being that she was intending to start a scene.
\- " it's like if she was colorblind and told us to not decorate the house green and red at christmas, because she was the only one that couldn't enjoy it " false equivalency much?
it's a dick move to split the bill four ways when one person didn't even get food, especially when they're having financial difficulty.
breaking up with her because of plastic surgery is ok (or any reason no matter how serious or petty).
i took shrooms three times in my life, and never did cocaine or opiates other than prescriptions (though i knew many, many people who did in my younger years).
have you even tried being friendly towards her?
as a *very* peripheral person in all of this, it's entitled and arrogant of you to demand something like this.
unlike you i have respect for what is the right way to treat someone.
you, as the executor (or joint executors) have a moral duty to act in the best interests of her wishes.
you dont seem to give 2 shits about her well being or mental health, all you want to do is fuck her.
maybe have a conversation with your roommates about how you felt you were forced to eat in your room because your food was disappearing, so you did disrespect their rules but they disrespected you too.
, if your friend was being safe that’s her private information to divulge.
just because one thing annoys you does not mean you should go out of your way to ruin it for everyone else.
she would be my preference every time  for that one line.
you should of chewed it, swallowed it and then apologized.
you can't have your cake and eat it too.
apparently if i don't eat it all in three days or fewer, it means i hate the ice cream i bought for myself, and she gets to eat it all.
i asked if he thought that would be creepy and weird.
sister is clearly out of line insisting on bringing him round all the time when you've said no, your roof your rules.
look ima be real right now.
if you don’t want to stop when you need to pee, then i guess that’s your choice, but to institute this rule and not stop when your girlfriend needs to go to the bathroom is a major controlling asshole move, and seriously disturbing behaviour.
they aren’t even talking to you about it from your own admission of it being them on the phone.
what kind of toll was it taking to your mom to care for a very sick animal that’s suffering just because you were not ready to say goodbye?
stop blaming your social anxiety and do your job.
- you said the class was meant to critique \*your\* work, but you don't mention if your comments about her work were during a formal critique.
even if it was, how would this change anything?
- because he's trying to look out for you, and you're calling him "toxic" for trying to have your best interests in mind.
i love dogs and despise when owners know their dog has limits, puts the dog in stressful situations and then mad when everyone doesn’t recognize the dog’s limits.
you both have done shitty things and it'll probably escalate if you keep it up.
the dog would benefit you most greatly.
being an adult doesn't mean you have to be like every other adult.
you're just making excuses to not be at the meeting, you coward.
start getting ready when your told and you won’t have any issues.
if he wants to go on another double date, an activity like bowling will be more engaging than dinner.
mid flight he told you guys he couldn’t do it anymore w/o offering any backups to take his place.
she should clean whatever mess she makes while there and it would be nice of her to help out but she certainly isn't obligated to clean like she lives there.
yes, it inconveniences your life but really, how bad is it?
i think sleeping with your sister’s bf is something that you should have discussed with her to see if it was ok instead of justifying the act because you thought she implied it was ok
she could have gotten injured badly because she wasn't ready to go down the hill.
: it's clear your so has an issue with something, why make it omnipresent in her life?
it's more about your relationship with the "victim" than any objective standard.
her complaining to the manager about it sounds over the top, as does the manager's reaction, but having seen your responses to people's comments here, i think the key point is that you come across as an entitled asshole and you were probably ruder to both her and the manager than you realize.
you're trying to force him to give you what you want.
if you want to take part in the event then you should have to wait like everyone else.
asking for permission for going out with friends for any reason?
yes, money is great in this world, but there’s family.
it's worse to die alone realizing that you've alienated everyone around you through your own actions.
, if you wanted to get a reference from her ex you should have thought of that before you made the baby.
but objectively, they’re parents being parents and parents are gonna worry like that
the bully, i'm assuming, is close to your nephews age?
but your body disagreed and you should've listened to it.
also, how awkward is it going to be for those 4 friends to only hang out with each other that whole time.
you better apologize to him and never bother him again with your bullshit.
a part of that implies that you are pitiable, it makes you doubt your legitimate relationships to others and makes you embarrassed that you believed someone would be friends with *you*.
i know it sucks right now, needing to pay for something you didn't want, but what's more important to you?
i’m assuming this is a shp but if somehow it’s not  for being a member of a group called the boyzzzz
and while it may be true that you bought some of the ingredients (although truffles without flour and sugar would be hard) i highly doubt you bought the oven.
this may not be the popular opinion but how do you know he is not currently going through something else in his life?
have set up their home so there's an area for d&d.
the world isn't puritanical any more and the radio isn't g-rated.
but, also the dogs sphincter retracts after they poop so they should be clean.
volunteer at food banks or soup kitchens.
it’s physically painful for her and she said no.
you're suggesting she risk poisoning herself and spending time in gastric distress because you're skeptical.
obviously you aren't the type to tough it out through rough situations.
she doesn’t like the taste of elk no need to insult her on that.
you don't get to say who touches her how.
dear ______ thank you so much for celebrating our wedding back in ______.
someone *always* has it harder, it doesn't mean you can't have problems.
just talk to her like an adult.
so it's not as simple as "oh, she's just using this as an excuse to get out of working!" and for you to claim it is, is sexism - plain and simple.
and then, after that, you only deign to spend time with her because you don't want her to keep annoying you--"i don't want to wake up to a hundred messages in the morning".
idk man all your reasoning seems quite selfish, you think about yourself and how this will affect you all the time, but you don't seem to be thinking a lot about her.
what you are telling your friend is that she, her father, and his death are not a priority to you.
mentioned why in another comment, but i'm making a top level comment so my judgement is counted.
trying to make her feel bad because you feel bad?
i do find it hard to believe that was how it went down though.
your so said yes - - if your so didn't want to wait they should have been a grown up and said no, i'd rather not do that.
in that kind of events you are expected to not hurt the other part, you were just angry about his comments and took the chance to be "*rougher than usual*".
i placed my hand on the small of his back and asked him if a stranger had ever touched him there.
why can't he take care of his damn self?
she's entitled to make her own money.
, just own it and say no thank you if you don't want to go.
if you have a problem with them, you should excuse yourself from the group.
frankly, you don’t come off well at all in your previous interaction.
you are not her parent, you are her sibling.
if there was just a few things wrong and it wasn’t even enough to talk to her and correct her (thus making others’ experience more enjoyable), then the least you can leave is a 5% tip.
and if you don't get it already of fucking course .
you definitely should've checked before agreeing to it, and she definitely has a point.
bring the cat to a vet.
you could meet her halfway and offer to have your mil be your babysitter while you both work, and you'll pay her accordingly ($20/hr minimum for the babies, and bump it up to $30/hr when your older kids aren't in school).
you suck for turning as quickly as you have and not being supportive of her struggles.
you literally said you would rather spend more time with your son and son only.
further, why would you apologize by basically saying you're sorry that she took it the wrong way?
either you knew it would get a reaction, or you are very lacking in awareness.
if your relationship is strong, and you trust each other, being apart for a week or however long this will be shouldn't be a problem.
the only time i'd agree that warning a new bf/gf of your ex is a good idea is if they were violent.
the fact that she asked you multiple times about it suggests that although you may not realise it but you or alice's interactions have indicated that you have had a past or something has happened between you.
if you feel very strongly about it, you may be better off living alone.
- she sucks for not initiating conversation, but you suck because of your lack of communication about your feelings/observations.
>being drunk definitely didn't help please don't tell me that means you were driving drunk.
even a glitter bomb is insulting and a huge mess that a company cleaner will then have to clean up who certainly had nothing to do with your ad mail.
it's not out of the ordinary for a tattoo to cost $80 one time and one of a similar size/color/shading to cost $100 the next time.
for saving it and lying about it.
if she’s saying stuff, it’s because you’re, in your own words, really easy to annoy.
if you agreed not to get each other the typical v-day stuff, then a gift that was not typical - something personal, not necessarily expensive - may have been better received.
that's not how noise complains work lol.
you stole (not "took", don't minimize your crime) someone's property, and probably their only companion.
this is more than just wrong, it’s depersonalizing.
and while you are on the trip with those three other guys, and you are the only chef, who do you think should cook the food on the fire as provided by the others?
tell them you're allergic, but not deathly allergic.
at the very least, just ask them to put it in the trunk or roll down the windows.
if anything, come on, you should be helping her to better understand and appreciate indian culture.
asking weird and invasive questions of your colleagues is not a scientific study.
i really hope that things get better, but you definitely started on the wrong foot.
she clearly isn't sensitive, you are.
your relationship sounds like it's as good as mine was (and thanks to my decision, still is).
anyway - her body, her choice.
, although it sounds like he's being one, too.
for supplying information but you’re certainly  for not attending his wedding.
> i intended to work my ass off who says they won't work their asses off and write an amazing essay anyway?
there are so many other words that don't have a racist history you can use instead in literally any situation.
if she gave up her career to raise kids, then she should be entitled to some of your retirement.
why should your girlfriend have to be naked and in pain in front of your mother?
that way nobody wins more than their friends and you won't feel envious.
because she wanted to eat alone and not share your relationship with your coworkers?
i'm not gonna lie i got a little lost reading all the stuff about your work but you freely admit to sabotaging this poor girl to get a job.
hope you try and make the best out being in juvenile detention.
>i said it like it's a fact (you know objectively without emotions) what does that mean?
it gives your parents comfort to know that there is someone else who can call 911 be there a medical emergency or break in.
she sucks because she can’t think for herself.
now you fix it just by apologizing to her genuinely and letting her do what she wants to do.
if your handwriting is so bad as to disqualify you from writing something down legibly, you need to fix that.
there were only a couple pans and pots.
your friend is the one who gets to decide how his dad is brought up around people he trusts, because you have no idea what will and wont strike a nerve.
it's a crowded cafeteria, and you have no right to a private seat.
not enough info to tell if you suggesting to cancel jan 1 plans was a potential solution or an effort to be spiteful.
and let's be honest, you are not looking at his social accounts out of boredom.
most people with mental health issues and dyslexia and roommates they don't like don't turn out to be nazis.
i'd just try to chat with your dad honestly about the situation & see if there isn't a mutually-beneficial solution.
i mean i assume they all knew their individual results?
but fucking over your coworkers isn't cool.
this is the girl you want to marry and you treat each other like this?
so you're right to an extent; assuming she's not black either, it's not like she's more of an authority on the black experience than you are.
for yelling at him instead of going over at any other time and asking him to respect a little sleep in time.
communication is a 2 way street.
you knew there were money issues and that her family may not be as good with money as you.
if you want a "shared" gift, buy your dad baseball tickets to go to a game with him.
is it extremely crucial that she pays 100% possible attention to your readings?
i told her i don't know, probably?
i have friends who did the summer counselor thing despite the crap pay and absolutely loved it.
, because giving christmas cards is an effort that someone put in to let you know that they wish you a happy christmas.
- her for not understanding that it would potentially kill your fish, and you for your childish comment about how well you slept.
in fact, the harder you try to control her life, the more you push her away.
don't think so hard about turn order, and pay more attention to the flow of traffic.
maybe you can get it buffed and shine it up a little?
these high school girls will evaporate in a few years, and they all hate each other anyway.
you didn't mean it in a racist way but it could really really easily be misunderstood as racist.
it costs so much money that often women can’t get a job that leaves them with any money for food or rent after paying daycare.
and, even if they were doomed, that doesn’t mean they can’t enjoy the time that they have.
stacy should have given it back, the manager shouldn't have said "you can keep it next time," they should have just given the unclaimed money back to stacy and left it at that.
why does she need to tell you this?
personally, i'd explain to your staff that you intended it as a joke and you're sorry that it missed the mark and will not do something like this again.
you were just spreading rumours and you shouldn't come out on anyone's behalf anyway
your entire family just kept playing video games after spilling and were totally cool with you trying to get your wife to clean up the mess while they all sat on their ass and continued playing games?
besides, you have a weird focus on the kid when she is probably more interested in living with her partner -- why do you focus so much on not wanting her to "come second" to a child?
you should have talked to your parents first before laying down the law with your sick girlfriend.
because based on your previous post history i think you need to seek some professional help and take some steps to get better.
i also get migraines/headaches from the overhead lights, but i have sat down and explained the medical reason they induce headaches and why i can't have them on.
i don’t blame her one bit for telling you to fuck off.
if you'd just been a bit more patient and either driven behind the guy or waited until after the bend to pass, you'd have been fine.
disabled people are allowed to exist, people with diseases are allowed to exist.
those poor babies, they're stuck in a game of hot potato.
it's your wedding day, sure, but you have no problem with the guy.
are you sure you guys wouldn't be happier just doing separate vacations altogether?
i get what you are saying but you have to live for the here and now.
it's even harder to learn a new language without immersion, making learning before they come to your country not always feasible.
(and it is.) your entire family was victimized by your father, even though to a lesser degree than his victims.
you are a legal parent to this child.
so a woman basically manufactures a confrontation out of nothing and the only people not on your side are "hardcore feminists"?
if you truly care for her be a man and own up to it.
if your mom says “not today, maybe tomorrow” does that mean yes?
she's been crying that i've been killing her and need to make a decision, but i think shes overreacting to the situation and doesn't seem that worried about losing me or she'd have put in more effort.
you could’ve left the party earlier, or told her you wouldn’t be able to make it if it really wasn’t going to work out.
coming into a class late is rude, no matter how informal the class.
her parents should have told her she was going to miss out on europe properly instead of just saying, “lol actually this is your special trip rn!” you should’ve left her alone to process it.
if he is young and was young when everything happened it could've skewed his entire view and made things 1,000x harder, especially with his mother involved.
this isn’t the hill to die on.
you felt a moral victory, she felt, “i hope someone else tips better so i can afford life/rent/doctors appointments.” don’t be a cheapskate.
she asked if i was mad, and i lied again and said no.
you, at least currently, do not sound like you would make a good breeder.
you're an adult, this is life hitting you hard, but you cant hold people back just because itd be hard for you.
i mean i feel for you, that sucks, but until you are active in expressing your thoughts and feelings to find an active solution, i can't really suggest anything for you.
nobody is obligated to lend you money regardless of how they’re related to you, how much money they have, or what they own.
your gf should have talked to you in private instead of losing it.
there are many beautiful wedding venues in the south, i think you should choose something that has no chance of being offensive.
like "gosh i've been training my whole life and use routine choreographed by a paid professional, but now that *you've* said something i see i've been doing this totally wrong"?
your parents are probably just trying to teach you about caring for a car and managing your finances for one before you actually own one.
she can't know how serious you are about this unless you tell her.
sorry but yeah  in this case.
you do realize that everybody can see you when you get like that, right?
the wrapping thing is a non-issue.
- takes longer to post this than just like the page and move on with your life.
if this guy were actually the right guy for you, he would have understood that you needed to go to this study group and scheduled the date for a different time.
i feel a bit like i'm talking to my younger self here.
my husband is introvert, but he fully takes part in my large family events.
it make take two pills, it may take five.
if you want the shirt from a different vendor, then buy it yourself.
they have a right to enforce boundaries, and if that's treating you like a "monster", you're basically saying they deserve no boundaries or respect from you.
i think you should worry less about him and focus more on yourself.
you're not required to say anything at all about his appearance.
this really isn't anyone's fault but yours and ls
with the way you two are acting i should probably guess younger.
you're completely failing to do your job as a dm if it took multiple incidents like this for you to decide to kick him.
that is a very materialistic thing to do imo.
what encouraged me to lose the weight was packing on an extra 30-40 pounds after my parents stopped chiming in about my weight.
for stealing the spot from under the guy.
it sounds like you didn’t intend to be rude but blatantly saying “i don’t shop there” is the same as saying “you must not know me/lame gift”.
let the customer ask for extra if they want extra.
mostly because it doesn’t seem like you like this guy either, in which case you should probably stop pretending to be his friend.
if anything you did was out of concern or goodwill for her then you'd have had no reason to be angry or cut her off when she wasn't comfortable getting physical with you.
why don’t you all just go together as a group ?
or, if you're deadset on having an animal but think your house isn't big enough, get a smaller dog and give the st.
for reading too much into his actions and basically thinking that he's being mean to you when it doesn't seem like he's doing anything wrong.
this was a godawful, thoughtless thing to do.
but we are talking about cancer here.
&#x200b; stop trying to justify being inconsiderate, you knew it was a dick move.
and you rented her a place with bedbugs.
he pays for half it’s his apartment too you don’t have the right to tell him he can’t have people over.
i'd feel like i wasn't worth a goddamned amusement park ticket.
classic free rider, which is why everyone hates group projects.
a quick “i’m sorry” would have sufficed, but you were too busy being salty about the fact that not everyone thinks your kid shits gold.
you didn't need the phone to be back in your pocket.
when your heart starts having issues and there is no way to backtrack, what will you do then?
if you don’t react, or laugh/play along with her, she *will* just get bored and stop.
yeah his jobs suck but he’s working as hard as he can.
he knows he's fat and all you did was make him feel worse.
even if it does you have 8ish months to get things ready.
y'all need to be funnier if you want to make "jokes".
maybe you could preface the discussion with "i've been reluctant to tell you this because of how harshly you treated me under similar circumstance, and i hope you will use a different tactic with your own son.
if it’s not yours, don’t even worry about.
it’s not your room or bed to use.
your actions are pathetic and immature.
> i don't see how this affects us negatively.
and it seems you already realize.
i get that it is hard, but these kids' wellbeing is paramount above everything.
my former friend did this to me all the time and she would be online tweeting at everyone but would take days to respond to a text from me.
why not get her flowers and give them to her personally and privately?
if you get this anxious over your boyfriend's acne i would consider looking into some therapy, because obsessions like this are completely anxiety-based and not normal.
and *then* you are only did not give her space, you made *her* do the emotional labor of explaining shit to you because *you* felt bad about what happened.
it may be legal to do this but it's not ethical.
you’re acting like a school yard bully, “no one be friends with him” 3.
you lead her on to believe you were genuinely her friend and someone who cared about her.
as you get older you're going to start to meet people who don't think that kind of thing is cool, and in fact, find it offensive, sexist, demeaning, and, if it's overheard in the wrong environment (work for example), sexually harassing.
i think a more appropriate response would have been to reinforce how serious your condition is and then asked them if they remembered what to do.
if you have dietary restrictions, it’s a really really good idea to let the person who is cooking you dinner know that beforehand.
this is a case where telling the 100% full truth is just unnecessary.
who would have noticed and what consequences would have followed if you had just let her be?
kid should be in bed sleeping and not in restaurants late at night.
ultimately, my decision is based on your statement that you realized you weren't compatible with your ex.
menus usually note what has free refills and if it isn’t marked free, it’s assumed to be a charge.
>i feel like she is fighting the wrong battles i feel like *you* are fighting the wrong battles if you are defending swastikas.
restate her points in your own words ("i think you said x, is that correct?") and try to understand what about the disagreement is upsetting her ("am i correct that x upsets you?
this has nothing to do with tumblr nonsense.
it was clear that he was confused and you didn't really make an effort to fix it.
none of that is actually happening.
borderline  but i'm going with .
when people see themselves represented in media it helps form a sense of belonging and strengthens their identity.
you don't get a say in what you want or don't want for her anymore, only she does.
she’s an asshole for not having a conversation about her obvious exhaustion and not telling you to expect nothing for the holiday.
both of you need to find some common ground, neither one of you is completely in the right.
that is kind of a sad thing to say.
you're not sherlock holmes, you had zero reason to do what you did.
you're trying to convince us your affair is her fault.
your girlfriend's thoughtfulness translates into your insecurities.
you decided the 200 was enough to not get insurance involved.
just for how you typed out this story.
invest in some professional help and train your dog.
- could’ve at least made sure she got the right attention and passed on information (her name, what’s wrong, what she drank, etc) to medical professionals.
your wife says she's scared of lizards but really wants an iguana.
you aren’t the arbiter of how someone else gets to enjoy the written word.
info has he genuinely tried to quit?
it’s seems you got off on the wrong foot and now you’re always looking for things to criticise her about, even over the tiniest things
why wouldn't you want to help your girlfriend?
every mom i know forgot something four weeks out.
if she ended it and he still likes her then it's murky.
i know a few israelis that have served in the idf.
i mean it’s pretty normal for hormonal teenagers to have mood swings and sometimes they’re not all positive.
either return it or pay a fair value
you weren't being true to yourself or honest to your boyfriend.
it was pretty presumptuous of you to take for granted that he was going to ask you.
are you always in such a hurry to leave a restaurant that waiting for 5 minutes is a problem?
i'm not saying that was necessarily the case but there can be real explanations for that behavior.
so while you were an asshole, you're not a terrible person.
”i just got contacts with random guys because im boored”.
the cleaning is your responsability not his.
it's not you agreeing with his political views.
if the group had a problem and wanted to continue to play at the couple's house with a better baby plan, y'all probably should have started with 'hey, would you be okay with us splitting the cost of a babysitter/mother's helper on game nights?' and it sounds more like dm started with 'now that wife is playing, the baby is causing problems' making her feel unwelcome in her own home and unwanted as a player.
if i had a nickel for when i was a ta in grad school and some undergrad idiot asked for an extension, i wouldn’t have any student debt.
now she’s going to be even *less* likely to give a clear no to the next guy.
x 10 - the left lane is for passing, if someone is behind you move the fuck over
not the asshole for not wanting to, but  for thinking you can make that decision for someone who's been living there a lot longer than you.
i’ve had the baby in a third floor apartment and little money and a husband who is working a lot.
the problem is youve inserted yourself into her personal time and for awhile she was able to break free of her nature but after awhile, she finally burnt out.
the fact that you even feel as if you’re in a position to ‘forgive’ him for anything speaks volumes.
you could’ve been nicer and they were inconsiderate
basically, she sent nudes to someone she thought she could trust and he broke that trust after they split (revenge porn).
she may have been 'dramatic' but as someone who once had one for 3 months straight, i can understand the 'fear' of having another one.
you argue that it’s not fair since you warned her, but to be honest, keeping a home clean is standard.
you are essentially inconveniencing the deliveryperson to avoid having to (possibly) deal with three seconds of a potential spam call.
some day you’ll pay the whole check and have to do all the chores.
- if you're not his supervisor, you don't tell him anything.
it's a movie, nothing to be resentful for.
- so is your ex racist or just his dad?
his mood and meds don’t let him off the hook by any means, and honestly your reaction was toxic either way.
you should maybe try finding a maid instead of a girlfriend.
if you were as responsible and on top of your grades as you're stating you are, you should've asked sooner if they were to be submitted.
if they're hyped about it, only to have the whole thing cancelled a month out, there's a good chance they're going to resent you for it.
if you've never talked about this and it is now coming up for the first time, then .
you’re allowed to have your own life and accomplish whatever goals you set for yourself.
your cat broke out of the enclosure.
they won’t give her free condoms i can promise you that.
why don’t you trust the people whose job it is in the first place to distinguish if he’s busking rightfully?
maybe if you showed a bit more empathy you might have gotten on a little better, you never know.
it sounds to me like he was being playful and not malicious in any way.
if you two are going to last, you need to be able to talk things through.
a couple of things are in your favor.
other than that it's a toss up.
in turn when i became a mother i took it upon myself to learn what i needed to.
believe it or not, it’s possible for men and women to be roommates without being romantically involved with each other.
don't pressure people to handle a death how you think they should based either on your own perspective or societal ettiqute.
from the sound of it though, you are pulling the plug without even checking if you could get the 3rd week.
cut it out and learn some boundaries.
trying to deflect their attention and alienate them for wanting to help you is a mental illness trying to sustain and justify itself.
"the girls aren't super young either" mentions age 13.
if this were happening between straight people, the increased flirting would likely still be happening.
and even if you don't get to see it with her: so what?
you went back on an established deal just for 5 extra dollars
then either agree together to adopt, or go your seperate ways.
how about having a discussion, like adults - instead of acting like her parent and changing your password without telling her.
why would you let a poopy butted dog in the house.
you're acting at least as crazy as she is.
everyone who comes in contact with a baby should be vaccinated or up to date on their tdap shots.
and then out of nowhere, you keep yelling at her the next day?
, but in a justified way.
many application deadlines were in december.
other than that, they know it’s there leave them alone.
how would you feel if someone got in *your* car, wrecked it, and then went “it’s not my problem!”?
for wanting to foster a child to make up for being a shitty dad and person.
tom was a member, john was not.
the food thing is irrelevant if he’s hungry he should eat something.
lots of women make more money than their male counterparts.
you've been friends this entire time with the sole intention of being together some day.
i'm a whistler too, but you gotta keep it in check, or at least really really quiet.
maybe it was something personal and more important than a video game.
he's free to use it or not use it as he sees fit.
maybe try actually going out socially with your "best friend" once in a while.
&#x200b; i think you jumped the gun with the mom, i think you honestly believe you are helping, but at this point the best you can do is 1) be there for your friend if they need you and 2) leave the diagnosis and analysis to the professionals.
she’s been treated for this, you run no risk of getting it.
i’m a bisexual 20 year old woman, and i don’t typically feel a lot of sexual interest in people who aren’t my partner when i’m in a relationship.
they just probably weren't thinking about it at the time.
reddest of flags esp if: >my husband and i never wanted a big wedding so we just married with a wedding officiant.
i kind of sympathize with the complainers here.
you don’t need us to tell you this.
single parenting is fucking *hard* and uniquely relentless.
would’ve been reasonable if he won five bucks like you were all expecting, or even if he were a fellow adult.
it's not your business who the bride asks to be part of the wedding party.
it's a sacrifice for the one you love.
i guarantee you she will not find it funny if she's stewing (for the entire time you're at the concert) over all the other things you both could have been enjoying instead.
that being said, you should never pressure someone into sex act they don't want to do, regardless of their sexual history.
this is really common in kpop.
i was on the fence until you said you didn’t want to adopt.
it's about co-parenting a little boy who has to try and navigate this mess.
if you didn’t do that, then you’re the asshole.
get over yourself and stop playing tit for tat with your girlfriend.
- no only for disregarding his stating that he didn't want a bday party, but especially for planning the party at his house.
- every word of this post is empirical evidence that you are a certifiable asshole.
i have two cats-you tossing the poop bag in someone else's trash is like me tossing their used litter in someone else's trash-i have pets, so their poop is my problem and no one else's.
maybe she's insecure about it and loves the fact that you are so willing to accommodate her?
please tell me this was in high school or something because this bullshit sounds like something teenagers would do.
you can’t teach it to stop, that’s just how they are.
are you really complaining that your sister hasn’t found a job in 4 months?
but i do know better than to make an isis joke about what she is wearing???
it's okay to feel a little hurt that someone you considered a friend didn't trust you with something, even if they had their reasons...
vaginal pain/ discomfort is the worst.
all of this points towards being flaky, and when she flips out, you react before she even has a chance to cool down and essentially throw her wifi back at her?
and you want 3 innocents to pay for the other one..
rip off the bandaid, honesty is key.
you're asking a bunch of people who *didn't* steal your headphones, and one person who did (assuming that's what happened), to pay you money.
if and only if you said it that way, then i’d change my verdict to
you've got a million excuses for your chickens menacing everyone around you and have the nerve to feel upset when someone gets angry enough to write a note?
the original poster who wanted to buy flowers doesn’t suck.
doesn’t really matter that you feel too young.
he used your vulnerability as an "in" to confess his feelings and you used his feelings to give yourself a temporary ego boost.
your finance and her mom for the reasons everyone is pointing out, but you for your snobby attitude towards her and her family.
he is actually not obligated to come and help you all the time, especially when he has homework to do - regardless of whether or not he finishes it or not.
they baited you, and you took the bait, so
i would visit for that reason.
before you judge other people, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
"people who didn't help set this up" don't owe you anything.
"i don't live on the usa, actually south america, so we don't have that ethical dilemma of teacher-student or something like that" yes we do!
i really do have a lot of sympathy for you: women are set up to overvalue the shit out of this stuff and it puts us all in a weird bind.
don't ever eat someone else's leftovers unless they leave it or give you permission.
other dude seems like the bigger asshole though for being a reckless piece of shit.
i get feeling uncomfortable when having sex with your pregnant girlfriend, i mean essentially there’s the three of you there.
and not only do you have a piece of shit friend but you are prioritizing this piece of shit friend over your wife.
also, > i don't need to know because i'm not a girl agrument i hope you don't view sex this way too.
as it is, she's probably thinking you'll be spending today with her.
it's your truck so there's that.
it’s an inconvenience, sure, but it helped police catch the asshole who did it.
stop with the whole social hierarchy and thinking that 4 people is some perfect little number and one person throws it off.
&#x200b; ~~info: do you ever express this to people?~~ &#x200b;
, but you're also 100% correct, so i'm torn.
you resent your husband helping his mother and that's the issue that you need to address together.
take the receipt back when you go in a couple weeks and ask them to refund the difference.
just live your life and chill.
if money is taken from one, it is almost never given to the other.
it is improbable in the highest that anyone in this day and age does not know and understand the damage smoking does to your body (and, frankly, your bank account...
as a fast food employee, we ask you to pull forward even if there’s no car behind you because there may be a car at the speaker.
dude, your sister isn't happy with your girlfriend, and you don't want her to date someone you don't like?
- it was a prank to get your brother, but you also dragged an innocent person into this, and clearly this is a very, very sensitive issue for her
nvm, i've read your other posts, you're just an idiot.
and no, it’s not an excuse.
wtf is wrong with you, just because it is generally accepted by your definition/social circle doesn't mean it's generally accepted by her standards.
i know it's hard but is not a real friendship after a relationship if you have to keep secrets.
: i don't like kids either, so i feel you there.
maybe i don't treat him right.
you can enjoy your humour however you want but keep it proper on public where other people may here.
not everyone is going to be able to stay level headed in a debate, and ~~you'll still want to coexist with them.~~ i imagine you will still want to coexist with them.
you insist the child should be biologically related to you, but aren't ok with your husband wanting the same.
your projecting your insecurities onto your bf and trying to micromanage his body as well.
do you know how many people nowadays attain a career they absolutely love?
you want him to just throw away part of his family.
so you want someone to go to jail for smoking weed?
it's been a blemish on my conscience ever since.
if you're doing something because it is important to you, then it shouldn't be done because you expect reciprocation.
>if i know i don’t want anything serious am i then being selfish if i think she may have feelings for me?
your son is just going to feel like you'll put a man above him and you're willing to get rid of anything that could inconvenience your relationships.
\> throughout lessons afterwards teacher singled me out, calling me something similar to a nazi, can’t remember, saying i have strong opinions, just generally nothing kind about me.
that’s if she does actually have depression.
if her job is a dealbreaker, leave her.
and it also makes me feel sad for your girlfriend, especially because she heard it secondhand at a party where she was trying to have fun.
but you don't get to "pick a fight" because of incidental reminders of her being a bad girlfriend.
, i feel like this is a shit post.
she's upset because she thinks deep down you're judging her and this community she wants to be a part of.
the kid shouldn't have been running with the drink, but a kid is a kid, and accidents happen.
it's an applebee's, not a bible study.
, i'm glad your right to stand was more important than the people behind you's right to actually see through you the entire game.
but you were being one at the end of the day.
crush or not you just don’t drop people with no warning.
he'll cool off but just give him some space
, and so is your friend.
if i didn’t know any better you sound almost weirdly jealous of your friend finding a girlfriend..
ignoring her is one thing, but when you start rumors about someone, you're trying to ruin their relationships with everyone else as well.
you were free to get up and leave the show at any time if you didn't think the jokes were funny - instead, you chose to stay and then openly heckle the commedian by insulting him and his choice of jokes.
it’s not a conversation when you’re saying so much and her only comments are that she wishes she wasn’t in this discussion.
- i hope this is a shitpost.
, she might have had something really important to do, you don't know the details, don't bother insulting her.
what good could that have possibly done for your relationship?
you aren't even in grad school yet.
- of course madison wants her deposit back so would you if you were in her position.
ehhhhhhhhhhh i mean regardless of the establishment’s policies they still performed the same task you would’ve tipped if it wasn’t mandatory, and they’re probably paid the same wage as a non required valet attendant is.
and maybe perhaps you'll be a good influence too.
you made a pact and you broke it and then made up excuses and loopholes and attacked your friends when they called you out on it.
how is it fun or enjoyable to have to sit there busting to go to the bathroom for potentially hours?!
it isn't his fault you were being drunk and stupid.
none of you handled this appropriately.
you're the asshole for thinking you could change someone and then breaking up with them when you realize you can't.
risky because anthony could have gotten you in trouble for admitting you/your friend stole it.
your mom doesn't know you know.
did you actually ask the waiter if refills were free?
as someone else suggested, talk with her about her fitness goals.
put it in the dryer for them.
but...you were really, really defensive and cryptic about your weapons (a lot of weapons btw, why the fuck would you have so many weapons just lying around in your car?) and instead of just explaining when they asked you about it, obviously a little concerned, you were very rude.
, i would just apologize to the host
have told you they can't change.
maybe next time try to find a store that caters to larger women instead of expecting her to find flattering clothing in a store that doesn’t sell her size.
the first two times i just told them to shut up and let me watch just answer them, it's a harmless question.
maybe talk to him about seeing someone to get better coping mechanisms that won’t affect his health.
either way if it is private property from the guy who called you out
if anything, being upset with her for calling him to get some comfort paints you even worse.
didn't realize someone else was in here.
>but my bestfriend is very succesful and always says that, he will pay.
*that's* what a real mother does instead of chopping off hair that *you* should have been monitoring in the first place.
because if you are asshole enough to make him choose between you and this boy, you will lose every time.
it's understandable that you feel that way.
how in your mind do headphones compare to a *pain therapy device*???
i would not trust my 12 year old self not to get into trouble.
you will get nothing out of this other than the satisfaction of knowing that your friend is getting paid less money than you for doing the same work.
what kind of asshole is like "nuh uh you're not weaseling out of this cause you said you'd do it so you have to play with me" ...
that path may begin by learning to value your relationships and the people involved in those relationshios, and not the things you "have" like your salary or wife.
i feel like this is just a script for the burbs 2 minus the validation.
she should know better and so should you.
you value trophies more than your husbands affection.
but on the outside this really can be interpreted as creepy, and obsessive.
as you said, you knew she had no power to do anything about it and was simply following orders, and you still took out your frustration on her.
like, that is your actual, expressed justification for it - *women my age will be too sexually experienced*?
your brother should be more considerate but you should as well.
even if that's not the case it should not matter.
you could have been constructive and instead you decided that talking badly about him in front of him was a better solution.
saying "this is dr whatever from room 41" is no more assholeish than saying "i am mrs whatever from room 41".
but think about it: she wants to have both of her parents' names.
and shp i'm hard pressed to believe you don't know that you're the asshole if you're piss drunk asking people if a girl is "prego or just fat" to the point that she runs out crying.
out of curiosity, if you don't want him, why does it bother you so much?
i hope she takes your help and shoots you down
#1, your step cousin can have her own little house (under ssa guidelines, disabled people are allowed to have one house and one car in their name at any given point in time; it's just that most of us can't afford to do that) #2, she can have a full-time job so long as it does not go over a predetermined amount of allowed hours.
the dog is suffering because of your decisions.
, you were pretty sure they didn't want you there and you went anyway.
but the implications of going to a concert with a person of the opposite gender that you’ve only known for 4 months are definitely enough to at least cause op to feel a little jealous.
you're an ass because you're kicking someone out of their home because you don't get along with them.
it sounds like you both have trust issues and insecurities.
this whole thing reads like an angry rant.
shoes are literally touching the ground all the time.
being funny doesn’t make a whole person.
i knew a girl who killed herself like this.
because this looks really bad on your sil.
does she normally need your permission to post pictures with you in them?
it seems like you meant well, but .
, big-time you weren’t having a conversation about the empirical soundness of rain dancing.
she doesn't have to try it, she probably knows very well that horror movies are not her thing.
at least you feel bad though.
kyle doesn't feel comfortable bring it up because he doesn't feel comfortable around you anymore because he can no longer trust you.
but you don't know them so it's closer to  albeit not a really harsh one.
you probably owe her an apology.
first, you seem to have a really condescending attitude about the way your brother treats his wife...as if taking her preferences into consideration was some sign of weakness.
&#x200b; again: you stole that chair.
she will commit to a diet when she actively wants to, and you shouldn't want her to commit to one just because she feels you want her to/doesnt wanna argue.
as long as it stays there and doesn't impact your relationship, then you can fantasise about what you want.
everything is about your needs and wants, and you sound super entitled; this might be why they might not want to be friends with someone like you who doesn't respect them at all.
for expecting validation for a small gesture.
- a degree or certification only tell people what you can do and not what you do.
the fact that his shirts bothers you is *your* problem, not his.
it’s not like she’s describing their sex acts in detail to your kids for fucks sake, she has every right to introduce her partner to her children.
i'm attracted to athletic women with large breasts.
you might enjoy it if you try to.
if that's what you agreed upon, then stick to it and don't do anything, "accidentally" or otherwise, to break it.
you became ta when your friend said “hey that’s disrespectful,” and instead of trying to see it from her point of view, you valued your own right to use that word rather than valuing her discomfort.
you are upset you were expected to quit a multiplayer game.
how on earth do you think that is okay?
“aita for stealing via lying?” ...yes,
i seriously hope you're, like, 14 or something, so that you still have time to grow up and learn how to treat people.
>that was about 3 years ago and every chance i get i beg her to grow it back but she ignores me that sounds pretty annoying tbh.
- you’re both ‘right fighters’ and need to learn a better way to express your frustrations with each other.
any time you need to date someone in secret, something's fucky.
just be an adult and be upfront with these guys.
always do the right thing, even when no one will notice.
sorry, but you shared something that wasn't yours to share, so now your first friend knows they can't confide in you.
you can’t claim a school as your own and forbid your ex from going there.
i doubt this is real but whatever.
: just share the damn thing.
, if it was her sandwich that you bought for her then yes it was rude.
get over yourself and try to be more aware of the people you have daily interactions with.
good intentions but it's not your choice.
it’s not your place to tell them what to do, or to enact such severe responses when they don’t do what you want.
i get why you're upset but i wouldn't react this harshly based off of one comment.
you can have a beautiful wedding anywhere!
do not withhold information from someone because you think they can't or shouldn't handle it.
it's okay to not want to start a future together, or live together.
> "i would just prefer if my son could have a biologic child with a wife" you realize that there's in-vitro fertalization, right?
we don't know nothing at all here, aside from you saying that she was acting in bad faith.
no wonder he feels like you excluded him, you didn't tell him what was up.
- i’m sorry but for all you know he just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
take your dog to an off leash park if you want to let them run.
put yourself in your friends shoes, you would be pretty annoyed if someone dumped you for a better offer.
fighting about money is a huge factor in divorce rates.
the question is this: is it reasonable for your so to demand that you stop hanging out with a longtime friend on the grounds that she made a drunken pass at you years ago?
that makes them want to avoid you.
\> international women’s day comes around, she does a whole lesson on it, tells us to pick our female role model in our life, feminist pupil says hermione granger, not emma watson but the character, teacher agrees.
usually if someone is doing you a favor and lending you something, you don’t take it upon yourself to do anything to that their product.
for being so vague about this whole thing where you just say that she was wrong and you were being a nice guy.
why exactly would a decent partner want to saddle themselves with that again?
i wouldn't call her an asshole for unfriending you, because she has no obligation to keep you in her life and she did eventually come back to you with an argument that supports her side.
the moment you resort to pranks and things that inconvenience them, you lose a leg to stand on.
could you live with her in the country while you finish your thesis and then move to the university town when you got a job?
you need to accept that that's the most you can expect from her, and not further divide your family because of what your father did.
she explained why it was important.
a deep friendship and a romantic relationship are two very different things.
what does being in gymnastics have to do with anything???
now tell me if i sound like an asshole.
when i take a shower i have to cover them because when the stream hits them it’s physically uncomfortable.
>i talked to john and explained i felt like it would be a good thing for me to return anthony's skateboard.
without knowing what they were, it's hard to say that she was asking irrelevant ones.
like, you wouldn't care if you never see her again?
if you don't like that, all you can do is try to win her back and clean up the problems that plagued you two in the past.
you’ve known this is something she wanted to do and that would make her feel better.
you're ready to cut someone off over "lying" with the flimsiest reasoning.
>it has been expressed that going to bed at different times in a relationship can be detrimental to the relationship itself so far as i can tell, your complaints about it are themselves the relevant problem in your relationship.
if you really must get rid of the cat, find a no kill shelter and make a hefty donation ($500) to try to cover its care.
because a gift is ment to make someone else happy, not yourself.
formula isn't some simple decision and as a parent i would hope they drilled into you that you can't just go back and forth.
if you really had her best interests at heart, you wouldn't have gone and done exactly what she was afraid you would do.
all you're doing by allowing your bio daughter to take these classes is fostering a sense of competition and unfairness between the two kids.
just go and try to have a good time with your friends.
it sounds like you were too freaked out by the possibility of pregnancy to actually listen to her.
follow cultural norms in the country you’re visiting.
i had an amazing time all three times, and really learned a lot about myself.
for your preferences, those are your own thing and you are not obligated to fake being aroused by someone just because they have a great personality.
if you made plans and bailed on her without telling her anything, you were kind of an asshole.
those roast me posts are meant to make fun of his looks or what they thought they can take from that.
for telling her about the dream, what'd you expect from it other than her being angry?
tell her you’ve been thinking about how uninterested in you she was when you professed your love for her two years ago, and you can’t think of anything that’s changed now except the extra money you have, and you want to make sure that’s not why she’s there.
i'm not able to work out what your wife's meetings have to do with this situation though.
and thats fucked up to say he should just lower his standards, the way you're talking is very uppity.
she sucks too for having an affair though.
you never fessed up about it and you try to put the blame on your other friend.
for not wanting to quit,  for lying.
you accomplished nothing positive for her.
or to elaborate, you're not wrong, you're just an asshole.
you didn’t give helpful tips, you didn’t tell him that you thought it was a good effort or anything, you just laughed in his face and told him it was garbage.
while not being paid back sucks, you certainly handled the situation incorrectly.
as long as she’s not financially burdening you by engaging in this behavior, you have zero right to protest.
best case scenario, she goes out with you while in pain, she feels bad the whole time, she is unable to enjoy the date...
> i just feel like her family can no longer guarantee a safe environment for my daughter to stay in so because the girl is a lesbian she is also a rapist and will assult your daughter?
as a parent, she would have been right to try to use it as an opening to teach you manners, but that isn't at all what she did.
you are making the game suck for your friend, and soon you'll have noone to play with.
what you did probably embarrassed your son more than the teacher ever did
1) realize that 99% of the time 99% of people simply aren't thinking about you.
once kids mature they will realize that fantasies are fake.
>gf (23f) got doagnosed with ptsd 2 yrs ago , she was diagnosed with ptsd (which is a real condition) by an actual doctor and you think she's just over reacting because you think you've gone through the same stuff.
not to mention, go around the damn car next time.
i'm surprised your wife hasn't filed for divorce yet.
- you don't give out someones private information especially private phone numbers without asking first
but either way, there’s no guarantee that she’s doing this to trap him.
i'll just tell my sister in-law that she should have died so you wouldn't have to stress yourself out.
there's nothing inherently wrong with what he did.
at the end of the day, i can understand taking the person out of the group but that doesn't give you a pass to address people like that.
not for not wanting to take a ride.
you could have forced him to surrender in many other ways, gotten him down lying in an armlock or similar.
you guys can compromise on this and talk about it, but, you are both equally entitled to the money if you work and she works at home.
how would you feel if you just finished having sex with a girl and she immediately brought up that she prefers having sex with blonde guys and that you should bleach your hair, or that she prefers buff guys and you should work out more.
also, 6 gaming hours a day is not "relieving stress." quit trying to bullshit us and your girlfriend.
i can understand needing some time off due to hard feelings from the divorce, but seems harsh to totally cut her out of your life.
spend less school time punching kids and try learning how to write.
either leave a space and let them in, or don't.
it's great to strive for that, but there's 4.0 students with great resumes that get turned down.
, and be honest, you already knew it and just wanted to share this awesome story here lol.
i don't care if you debate somebody.
trust me when i say, .
sounds like her life isn’t together.
i don't understand how that would have caused a rift in your friend group if that were the case.
she's even trying to find a way to make up for it, and while you're allowed to feel bummed out and slightly disappointed, there's no excuse to be taking it out on her
this kind of stuff is deeply personal and very hard to share.
but not a big one lol.
she’s better off without you anyway tbh
later, after you've made up, you can try to have an honest conversation about how confused you were by his response, but *confusion* doesn't make you less of ta.
she didnt want to deal with your spam.
six months is a long-ass time to still be pondering the entire basis of a romantic relationship.
just go buy another damn command hook for yourself already.
he even responded kindly to your saying to "never contact you again".
you shouldn't expect someone to change for you when you date them.
obviously, she should be prioritised over a video game, regardless of who your playing with.
you got mostly great feedback, and her little comment set you off?
which it may as well be at this point because trying to change it now would probably prove futile.
even if the original mistake could be forgiven (you said take it home for them to *try*, that seems like you wouldn't need 10 whole servings) but you doubled down on the mistake by refusing to buy her one meal when you ostensibly took at least 5 away from her.
even if she is just doing it for clout, you didn't need to call her out on it.
in no relationship ever will you always be the centre of attention.
folding your laundry takes 10 minutes.
and how have your friends never mentioned this in front of your so?
if you don’t like what you are getting paid, get a different job.
just need to work on a better way to handle it.
then you come back later and she tells you to leave her alone.
you have no right to disrespect people who work in that industry.
if someone is too drunk to be served and potentially too out of it to fend a guy off, they’ll get them out.
not for dating kate, but for not making it clear to sarah a long time ago that you weren’t interested, and then not telling her about kate when you knew she liked you and just waiting for her to find out.
you're not an asshole for not saying thank you, even though it's common courtesy.
but other than asking her for the money or to replace the items, there really isn’t anything else she is responsible for.
gas and maintenance is the cost of using the vehicle.
there's no age limit on entertainment.
short of situations of abuse, you shouldn't get involved in the conversations between a parent and a child, let alone contradict and/or insult the parent with your "but i do think new york pizza is probably more well-known than london pizza" comment.
if everyone else seemed indifferent it’s probably because they don’t want to take sides or hurt your feelings.
it would be different if you didn't really get along but it seems like you get along really well and should be great friends.
a simple apology and a thank you for the education will greatly increase your standing.
laws are not morals; just because there's not an ordinance on point doesn't mean you're the golden rule paragon for retaliatory mowing.
in so many ways, op pay day lenders are a disgusting, predatory industry that is designed to capitalize on people who literally have no other choice.
if it is, please keep in mind this is not a good approach as you're chewing him out for the wrong thing.
when i got out of the army i was stoked to smoke weed again!
this sub isn't here to validate you, time to grow up and be a big boy.
“look, you called me and you caught me off guard.
you care more about something you do three nights a week than someone your girlfriend only gets to see twice a year.
handle this situation, talk to your bf, if he's still insecure after that, then he's an asshole.
maybe that's a bad analogy, but basically, you should keep work and personal separate.
mansplaining does not mean “men can’t have opinions”.
your boyfriend is right, you are being too harsh.
i can see why they think it's gross.
sounds like you're the one who needs to spend more time with your daughter and get to know her better.
not everyone who plays d&d enjoys role play.
a girl with whom you have expressed interest in having a threesome with.
nothing is more demoralizing than getting up to start a fresh new day, walking into the kitchen, and being slapped in the face with yesterday's chores.
it’s normal to find people besides your fiancé attractive, and to get crushes, but if you can’t squelch a crush for the health of your relationship, you’re never going to be able to commit to something like a marriage.
i understand your pain, my wife doesn't get it, but aftermarket led headers especially just wreck my eyes and blinds me through the side mirrors, but running your high-beams to grief people who upset you is a permutation of road rage imo.
what your stepmother is doing is wrong, but what you did was worse - you deliberately made your father think you were in danger, and made him believe your step mom said it was ok.
you’re basically saying “i’m fine with it if the baby doesn’t have your genes but i’m not okay if it doesn’t have mine.” so selfish.
would "give me your bank pin" been a reasonable "trust test" if not then why is "get stupid in my presence"
this makes it emotionally clear that you are allowing other points of view to exist and will listen to them.
i'm angry that i was raised much more restrictively but that's an issue between us that doesn't involve brother."
her baby is stoked that mom is talking to him.
you’re  wanting your gf to remain fit but saying that she has to be fit for “her bf or husband” is messed up.
the least you could've done is acknowledge the poor guy and given some lame "it'll be okay!" response, even if you didn't actually care.
- it's her achievement and maybe she wants to use her own family name.
you are not qualified to play detective.
there's nothing against the law about it, but you'd still be an asshole to make everybody else keep digging out spots.
if you can’t be patient with each other, it doesn’t speak well for your future in raising the child.
your brother, helpfully, has already done that.
the child support he pays is only supposed to be for his child, but something tells me you'd be using it for you, the new bf, and the other kids too.
confronting her about it was only going to cause an argument.
again, what he's doing is wrong and i wouldn't blame you for telling the person it's hurting.
you aren't forced to be anyone's friend.
it's small gesture, accept it for what it is....kindness.
retirement fund aside, let's look solely at the house.
into the bargain, salary positions really don’t stick to contracted hours.
if he believes his wife is doing right and he needs some leeway, .
for a house cleaner, discretion is very important.
does it really make that much of difference to you financially if everything is split evenly rather than the solution you came up with?
if he wants to play video games unless it is destroying his life, you have no say whether he can or can't.
, you keep asking their opinions and they are giving you an honest answer.
"hey person i don't know, do you want to be an accomplice in my theft of services?
cutting off a friend for this seems a little hasty, but i don’t know your friendship or previous situations.
him for bringing it up, you for bragging about banging his fiancé on video.
if so, it's pretty reasonable for her to assume that if you two start spending time together again it'll be a threat to your current relationship with your gf.
you wouldn't be trying to help her, you would just be spiteful.
if you ever have a genuine desire for healthy, long-term companionship, you'll need to stop keeping the score.
your family wasn't being rude, so why are you embarrassed of them?
that is *a lot* of food and common sense should tell you that it's pretty rude to take that much.
periods are a bitch, she didn’t get it on purpose just to piss you off on days you had plans.
holy shit you're a lazy dickhead.
having a driver's licence means that you are competent and comfortable behind the wheel of anything from a smart car to a van.
, you should both invest in a comfortable gaming headset that totally covers your ears.
your view on it is wrong.
if i was asked "help my depressed friend and provide some comfort and support, or be marginally better at a hobby " i know what i'd pick.
, just get them a giftcard ffs.
>make her scrambled eggs because she couldn't stand for long enough to do that.
would you girlfriend not bring in $300+ extra a month if she worked full time?
he does one nice thing for himself and you cant pick up the slack one time when he's covered it all other times.
>he would only accept my apology if i told him that "destroying someone's personal property is never okay".
this dude is - edit, was - your friend, and not being geographically close is not an excuse to hook up with your friend’s ex even if they were broken up.
you have no idea if this rumor was even true.
talk to him about your feelings, but don't tell him what to do in this situation.
providing for the game you are playing.
if you wanted it that badly, you should have asked her nicely for it.
what would you do if you found it?
i am attracted to women and i would love to date one, but there aren't any girls around me who are interested in other girls.
i say this as someone who's extremely arachnophobic: don't make jokes/pranks out of people's fears.
i would be a little bummed but not place blame.
it's like you resent her for not wanting to be miserable.
the only privlages esas have are that they are allowed on housing that bans pets, and they are allowed on airplanes.
if you knew she was in a relationship, you should have respected that relationship and stopped pursuing her.
the rest of the crosswalk is still there.
because you can easily make the argument that (based on your criteria) you and your fiance are just as bad.
your behavior has been beyond reproach, and your relationship with your friend is platonic.
however, calling her out after she's backed out isn't necessary and isn't debating; it's plain old humiliation.
you're trying to police someone for your own satisfaction.
it's her fault for how she handled the project, but there is a difference between defense and sabotage.
who knows why she wasnt immediately invited to play?
i hope you learnt your lesson.
agreed to finish the degree anyway.
you didn’t know the ins and outs of her finances, but you did know that she suddenly had an additional financial burden and that she was acting more frugally and seeming stressed.
would you condescend someone with a thanos tattoo?
you sound like those guys who throw fits because they're rejected by women.
we don't choose how we were raised, what we experienced, how our brain works.
plus, as an introvert, sometimes i want my free time to be me-time" your reaction was extremely selfish and petty.
additionally, jobs that hire on the spot are generally going to be pretty shit.
1) tell her the truth, apologize for lying and hope she'll forgive you - but don't expect her to 2) let her find out the hard way, and then she'll hate her cheating husband and you for lying to her - you really shouldn't expect forgiveness in that case.
you should never start "screaming, slamming doors, what have you" when she wants to talk about it.
you waited until after you groped her to ask if she was ok...
to back out now because you’d rather go and party with your mates is 100% asshole behaviour.
ywbta /  i promise you she knows she’s overweight.
even if what you say about him is true, what you did was *way* over the line.
the dude has a family now.
you don't know how tentative her work dynamic is, and asking her to risk that so you don't have to be flexible with a date is kinda entitled.
with the information given (everyone meaning op and step mum) but definitely about 6 you are the assholes.
try to find the spirit of christmas, yeah?
it sucks when your shit gets touched.
maybe a little bit  but just a little little bit.
it’s a terrible system, but you aren’t going to make it any better/easier by simply refusing the custom.
part of what makes d&d great is it’s adaptability.
be man enough to be honest with her.
what does matter is your boyfriend.
you're being awfully judgmental over the future of a seven year old.
- i don't think , but you should have a little empathy here.
sure, that wasn’t cool but, uh, just change your password.
the other doctor gave you in to your tantrum to de-escalate the situation quickly.
she is your partner, not your maid.
i think you trying to caution her is fair just as like a "word to the wise" type thing but she's right, you can't tell her how to live her life and who she can/can't see.
hygiene, being well groomed, sunlight, working out, socializing, and leaving the house all can help depending on the cause of his depression.
he just sounds like a hound dog, which isn't illegal.
if you share your opinion and ask if he can exchange it but accept his decision not to
the only way to know if he was satisfied with your sex earlier in the day is to ask him.
however, , for the simple rule that: the thing that is moving faster has a higher responsibility for the safety of everyone.
if you are a virgin .
i understand the thought process in your head, something like "this person doesn't look like how i expected japanese people to look, and yet this person is an earlier iteration of people living in the area we now refer to as japan (or did then as well, i don't know the history/timing), therefore this is odd to me".
however, you should be sure to invite him specifically and directly whenever you're going to play board games, then maybe eventually he'll understand the group dynamic better and be someone you want to hang out with all the time.
you need to make things clear and set boundaries before hand.
how can you even think you’re ?
"drive me to school" you say, if you were in my car and you told me to stop whining or don't do it at all, i'll turn off the safety locks and happily toss you out in the middle of driveway.
next time just tell them you’re sick and can’t make it.
she had every right to recline her seat.
whether they noticed or not, what you did makes you look lazy and irresponsible.
it's okay to not like porn, and it's understandable if it bothers you if your partner gets off to it.
so it would be nice if people took me at my word.
>i agreed the cats home would be upstairs >aita for being livid that she has dictated where my cat can go, and refusing to restrict him to upstairs?
- for this: >want to leave a bathroom scale at less healthy bf's house for supposedly my own usage, but really to inspire him to use it don't be passive-aggressive.
you don't have to keep bothering her to unburden your own guilt.
you would be a royal asshole if you pitch it for no other reason than you just don't like the way it looks.
next time someone ticks you off, just let it go!
i would have been upset and left if i had been the other parent too.
seriously, they've told you who you need to contact and you're being an arrogant twerp thinking that person won't know the answer and want to escalate it to the dean.
if "d" told us his version i'm guessing you'd probably come out looking a lot worse.
he asked you to help he didn't ask you to be employed.
if it’s offputting, then don’t watch it.
he's rich because of his spending habits.
definitely all need to take a step back.
you go and spend holidays with them and they are your parents.
and i guess this is the roskilde festival?
- being sick is no reason to treat people like shit.
i dont even know where to begin with this one, but i can say that your "zero tolerance policy" isnt actually a zero tolerance policy if you continued with the date and proceeded to fuck her several times.
perhaps if you're so invested and having an italian beer, you should know where they come from - or - ask smarter questions.
i never thought anything of them; i've never been racist and they're just jokes, so what's the harm in telling them?
amanda deserves to be comfortable and feel safe (physically and emotionally) in her own home.
if she wants to play with her boyfriend and has fun doing that with him, then you need to get over it.
unless the cashier tells you who is first, it is a free for all.
(also, a lot my straight male partners and i have actually bonded in the past over the girls we know or female celebrities who we find hot.
or just a white lie, say you did all that while not actually.
who cares if little things are off?
yeah, but i dug my car out, it's not fair that you get to reap the benefits of my work.
, if this isn't a shitpost.
if she doesn't want you to bring wine, and you are being pissy about that then, yes, .
wouldn't surprise me if there was some r/niceguys material in the full story.
2) you haven’t even been on one date??
, you said he sometimes feels uncomfortable.
maybe she's making sure she looks pretty.
i'm going to go against the grain here and say  in this context.
i was with you until you basically told them they were worthless to you.
this whole situation would be over quite quickly if you cut a, b, c, d and possibly even z out of you life.
also, why does “happy birthday eve” need a response?
but asshole might be a strong word.
he should know how it bothers you and even if he doesn't see a need to wash them he should just do it to give you peace of mind.
how hard would it have been to shoot her a quick message to let her know what was up with you?
she was wrong to call you a sensitive pussy...
i went with  cause i just think your being ridiculous.
she's being an asshole about the dog.
also if someone is dancing and somehow balancing on an elevated podium they’re probably not unconscious-drunk.
what will it take for you to leave her alone, since you clearly don't respect her enough to listen to her?
do some digging to figure out why that is, and from there any actual red flags may present themselves.
he’s literally a pervert that makes inappropriate comments about women, tries to peep on his naked female classmates in a literal episode, and is just all and all skeevy.
- help wasn't needed or requested.
him having ben shapiro who looks like some hairless little 12 year old boy on his show obviously doesnt mean hes racist, just means hes trying to show hes politically diverse i guess.
people who were married for decades are more likely to start dating early on, because they're lonely and they want companionship again.
not because of your concerns they are completely valid.
generally people that write off hurting other people's feelings with excuses like not being “empathetic” are actually just assholes.
move on, find an actual friend.
how would you feel it your girlfriend did this with another guy?
if she wants to focus her attention on school i don’t see the issue.
you’re not helping the kids by staying together.
, or more accurately, your mom is >my boyfriend says it’s not my problem or responsibility, that she’s a grown woman that can take care of herself.
that was completely fucked and depending on the kid's state of mind, you might have just fucked him up.
and by asking her out repeatedly after being turned down, you have shown her that you don't respect her feelings or wishes.
you're leaving your girlfriend stranded at the airport so you can watch a football game?
are we allowed to call someone worse than an asshole?
so of course he called your bluff and told you to get lost.
the only reason to keep it off would be to deliberately mislead your matches and potentially waste their time.
a wedding is about two people and their feelings.
now you're all offended because he didn't want to hear your apology?
if you had any proof it would be a different story.
but that's not how it works.
it would have gotten resolved most likely without conflict.
learn to work around it, learn to enjoy sex on a period because there's no ultimate difference except a bit of mess.
and i'd say that if you're analyzing this and bearing her a grudge for eating "your" yogurt she bought, it's high time you got your own place where your roommates will eat your hard-earned yogurt without asking.
but fuck your former boss for real.
if you want to be a nudist in your own room, that’s fine.
you should have gotten off your bike and walked alongside it.
you should make an effort to congratulate your brother of this huge accomplishment, doesn’t matter how “easy” you think his degree is.
kinda rude not to say please but also kind of rude to make someone say it like one would make a child say it.
also as an aside when you keep bringing it up and talking about how much more they can be making i'll bet dollars to donuts your so has thought more than once you view them as an atm.
pretty sure that's an insult to both autistic people and you friend.
&#x200b; i wonder if the people on floors 10 and 11 get frustrated and upset w/ you for wasting their time.
if she says she got it to honour her dad, then that’s what the tattoo was for.
some jobs just want a degree.
send your fuckin food back and tell them to make it right.
honestly i'm struggling to figure out how you could possibly think that an appropriate solution to this is to tell your mother, the woman who raised you (seemingly from this post you don't have any issues with her, i'm gonna assume she's a good mom) that she'll never see you or her granddaughter again.
you guys are building your connection and foundation for the the future.
i know it's frustrating, but just deal with it, especially since it's your dad.
you need to find the courage to break up in person.
i see your mothers point on this.
of course that makes you the asshole here.
he just wantend to thank you for doing something he clouldn’t for is gf
your dead body would always be the thing they saw when they closed their eyes.
thanking people for feeding you for managing not to fuck up and get hurt at work is not a crime and makes sense.
can you do baby playdates with some of the regulars you see at parks/classes/daycare?
you're both in a relationship and communication is an important part of it.
it doesn't sound like she deserves to be thrown away like a piece of trash.
but, whether you are the asshole or not, your son is better off without someone who doesn’t care from him.
you also said "she wanted me to give her all of my tuna and salmon and i eat the rice" but you mentioned earlier that you had different kinds of seafood to eat so i'm not sure where the disconnect is there and it sounds like you're exaggerating what she wants to make yourself look better.
i don't know what you know about houses, but even if you paid retail value there are many times that people move in and need several thousand in repair.
this is absurd, and i feel like maybe a shp.
and how can you not wash your mug after using it?!
they would go to jail or lose custody.
use headphones, like plenty of other people do.
overeating is just as toxic and addictive as bulimia and anorexia.
i think ywbta if you told him now but i’m not sure on that part 100%.
your post shows you are petty and jealous.
thirdly, stop getting offended for other people.
dr and mrs are both titles that you're not born with, you gain them by doing a thing.
- you can dress as nicely as you want, on any day you want.
now, if you thought participating would be hurtful to your grieving process or mental health, that's different.
stalkers are sometimes unhinged and dangerous.
if i had said that shit at my school i'd of been given detention.
and you said they keep calling you?
not because you had those feelings when you saw her dance but because you though you could impose control on the dance routine she does for gymnastics.
they're doing it because your lights are too bright and are blinding them.
i’m engaged and due to be married to my crush who is “out of my league” and “not a chance for you”.
the friend's car accident has nothing to do with this story other than you throwing it in her face to try to win an argument about an unrelated topic.
suck it up, let your daughter have her phone with some *reasonable* limits on screen time, and accept the fact she has a dad.
why do you care so much?
part of being a partner is keeping personal stuff private.
you were lucky she offered to buy you as much as she did, a lot of parents won’t even do that for their kids.
no matter how justified your bad mood is, it doesn’t give you the right to be shitty with other people who have nothing to do with your mood, especially when they are trying to help.
why are you assuming you'll get a bad mark?
that’s way too dark a joke for early days dating.
"my boyfriend says it’s not my problem or responsibility, that she’s a grown woman that can take care of herself." boom.
you can "have a strong backbone" and still be seriously affected by bullying.
illnesses, especially stomach upsets, are fleeting and many are gone within a day.
to give her respite from her tiny humans.
she hasn't even met your kids, and i'm assuming that she's never met your ex either.
the reason she took your words in the “worst way possible” is because there’s no *good* way to take them.
yeah, you say you're sure you're going to stay sober.
unless you somehow can carry this pregnancy and birth the baby yourself, it won’t happen.
even if you think this "gift" was mostly just a selfish excuse to go somewhere (which seems valid if you mentioned your disdain for travelling before) , just explain that that's how you feel after the trip.
you cant order food she can't eat then say you're "sharing".
what’s causing you to fixate like this?
you need to loosen up a bit or re-evaluate your relationship with her.
no way around it, you were an asshole.
maybe it's more convenient for him and his gf in comparison to you and yours.
also, this part honestly rubs me the wrong way a little bit: >frankly i feel like this party is for her rather than my son.
anyone who works with the public risks contact with sick people, not just those at a social service office.
but in your life you're going to encounter a lot of people who have problems you don't 100% understand.
if you're going to make someone else accommodate your issues, the least you can do is apologize that they have to go out of their way for you and explain what's going on.
if you are not working a job, then you can literally sleep any time you want to.
- if you have no intention of being with her for the long term, set her free.
stop making them uncomfortable or you can count on that support vanishing.
you didn’t plan anything, you let yourself get bad sleep leading up to it, and it doesn’t sound like you even got her a gift.
he went too far by continuing to lay his head in your shoulder when you voiced that you were uncomfortable.
you're literally a stranger to her.
i feel like ghosting is kinda shitty bc it leaves the other person wondering forever why you ghosted them- did they do something wrong?
he had just gotten the news.
what if your ex and friend are meant to be?
what were you going to do there?
, do not get a dog if you will not be an on demand pillow for it.
coming from someone who suffered with bulimia 20 + years it really does start young and thinking things like that can be just as unhealthy as not being aware of bad foods.
you can be mad all you want in private, but it’s none of your business any more.
tl:dr -  if you dont want to be having babies dont stick your dick in a girl, without understanding that sex can lead to babies.
i mean, since you're 14, it's more that you're unaware of what's acceptable or not.
you’re not being understanding enough of his circumstances and you’re taking out family history stuff that has nothing to do with him out on him.
i wish i were just pretending and that my life weren’t a steaming pile of garbage.
this is not "spending quality time with her family;" this is her job.
controlling or monitoring your partner's behaviour isn't healthy.
- your friend was a dick and you were petty back to him.
were you also an only child?
it's not their problem you work from home and cant handle hearing sex noises.
unless you're literally in the high school from fame and there's a crazy amount of theater talent, they do pencil people in for roles ahead of time.
you're telling people that they are less worthy of praise and celebration because of their race.
eta- in many states "revenge porn" is a crime.
i really think this naming thing is a non-issue.
not just getting scolded by your mom and making your little brothers sad.
> “if i were muslim i probably wouldn’t name my kid mohammed.
you say she lives with you but you don’t really act like it or trust her.
if you're tossing it in the woods or something, then no problem.
- ghosting anyone is a bitch move.
don't owe her an explanation, only that you are leaving
have you even tried talking to them about it?
she’s your best friend, yes she made it difficult but shit happens and this is one of the most important days of her life, and you couldn’t be there?
just...find some way to buy more time for you in your week, something to look forward to.
she isn’t minimizing the fact that you have a house and a place to stay together.
this post is great and take some snippets of it to discuss with her.
it’s obviously not in the spirit of the returns policy, as essentially you’ll have “rented” a phone charger for free.
you're using him, and leading him on.
this seems like something that's has like 10 solutions i can think of right off the top of my head, and they all have the same thing in common of just being an adult
but only because this sub isn't exactly super nuanced.
defend your children from those who would seek to belittle them and discourage their curiosity / self expression.
you may be a better person now, but you can't erase your past crimes.
you aren't much of an asshole, but you could have done this in a single sentence "thats a nice thing to say but honestly it actually just hurts more.
be an adult and talk to him tomorrow and say his yelling scares you and you’d appreciate if he knocked first so you knew he was coming or said it quieter.
try having a sit down and ask them if you can have more autonomy and loose curfew hours.
your sister should never have abandoned her cat (pets are a lifelong commitment, even if they aren’t “fun” anymore), but your mom and you are being irresponsible too.
it’s not exactly the library, i would expect plenty of distractions in a crowded eating space.
she told you not to tell the police about an awful thing that happened to her and not you?
for cheating but especially for getting a scholarship over someone who works harder for their degree and deserves it more.
whether or not you intended it to, *you* came across as just as big a manbaby as them.
for not wanting mil there,  for everything else though.
if i were you, i’d try to spend some time with her to let her know that you care about her, and perhaps offer to help her move on from him or otherwise help her stop ruining her life.
it sounds like you just want something to hold over him.
they could be suspended or even expelled if they're caught with it.
although i am feeling that maybe you should be the arsehole and just ask anyway.
what do you mean by this?
if you spend a month trying to come up with the perfect gift and get back something thoughtless in return it can feel like a let down.
even if these ig chicks don't notice your likes, you're still telling them "i think you're hott"...
i can guarantee your boss was reimbursed for that but almost certainly you just have an insane piss poor work attitude.
you probably lack personality because of your insecurities and are projecting that onto your two friends.
they alert the reasonable radius that could potentially find her.
if they are having fun let them have fun.
just don't use it if you're not 100% sure it's okay to use.
she is in no way an asshole for dating l though, and you don't get to veto every guy you used to know from your sister's potential dating pool.
you were interested and asked her out.
>when you are out an about, people need to talk to you do they?
who acts like this over mundane crap?
does that make me an asshole?
if you give them a decreased rating even if they change it, .
you two need to work this shit out before you get married.
why don't you respect your friends?
they probably work their asses off just to make sure he has an easy of a life as you do.
if you say “i’m always or almost always alone” and “introductions make me stressed”, anyone would take it to mean “i don’t like meeting new people”.
he is not obligated to just forgive you with no consequences just because you apologized.
you're making it about you and what *you* think you're privy to knowing.
it really, really is a strong and foul smell if you're not used to it.
you really think she doesn’t know that vegetables are better than rice?
if you and your friends each did this they would have asked them to leave.
mostly from you retaliating to a bunch of people in the comments but also for your original post.
instead of being, you know, a dick
, if you have no legitimate complaints about the ride then give them 5 stars.
i’m not saying they should adopt, i’m saying that she’s being too pushy and hostile about it, i agree with the fact that a sperm donor is safer and more personal, but he was just pronounced infertile 1 month ago and she is full speed ahead on getting a baby.
i think if he agrees to help pay for your daughter, at any college, he's extremely kind to do so.
if you’re uncomfortable, go somewhere else.
and then complain how *somebody else's* condition is not an excuse, like your anxiety problem trumps n's autism.
you had sex with someone under false pretenses, likely making the breakup much more devastating for her.
her "jokingly" comment sounded to me like she was trying to gauge your reaction.
consider other alternatives to bettering your quality of life.
you probably don't want to hear this, but i'm echoing the sentiment that you probably shouldn't be together.
all in all, i just feel bad for the theater staff.
ynta for the joke, however,  for saying it loud enough to were the lecturer (and presumably the other students) could hear it and disrupting the class, fuck you for that.
your mom works her ass off to pay for the things you take for granted.
it doesn’t sound like your issue is with the lack of ethics but rather the fact that she is doing it (i mean, you explicitly said you don’t mind if others do it, but you do mind if she does.) i do agree that it’s not ethical for her therapist to recommend illegal treatments, and you’re not an asshole for pointing that out.
your too emotionally invested in this to make it sound like your judgement of the guy is legit and accurate.
so let her live her life and eat her cheese in peace, lol
it’s not your business or fault if the men get bored (the women are also bored by these dumb games too, btw).
i know reddit considers male circumcision to be baby torture or something, but in the real world, that’s not a universally held belief in the us.
stand on your own two feet.
now you're just being a dick to people who are doing their jobs, either pay up or quit being an arse.
so why not pretend that everybody gets rich and eats out of diamond polished plates for the rest of their lives?
it'll get replaced with something else.
she's lonely and you just keep lying.
the solution is for them to do a lot of internal work to undo their own racism.
(or rather she is) cheating is never acceptable.
the best way to keep people from thinking you are a self-righteous snob is by not being one...
if you want your team to follow the rules so should you.
, honestly, don't know why i bothered to ask earlier if you had a prescription for that, since, based on your post, you don't take it often enough for that to be likely.
- you should always tell other caretakers about a drop with a baby.
'that's an ugly blanket' - 'the two of you should get along well, then' would have been enough.
who the fuck cares if she's being dramatic?
you did it to get back at him, and telling his wife in the middle of a restaurant is not the best way to do this.
- why get back together if you want to behave immaturely?
i get you’re probably coming from a place of concern, but she knows, and being told what she already knows doesn’t help her.
you know she’s going to exaggerate this and tell everyone.
so first things first, vet visit.
>she told me to try and see this from her side, but all i saw was her getting mad that my mom was coming over.
there is a way that you could have encouraged him to find a more stable and fulfilling day job in this context, but you had no right to try to scare him straight.
break ups are rarely easy and it impacts the rest of your life outside the relationship during the recovery period.
it sounds like you either have very little faith in your girlfriends abilities or you're projecting your own failures onto her.
just tie a ribbon on your keys or some rubberbands, you don't need a keychain and i'm absolutely not buying that you "can't get one don't have time".
sorry, but unless there's another man to assume responsibility and adopt the child you're financially responsible for this child.
just because you can afford to buy a car doesn’t mean you can afford to own a car, if that makes sense.
shes an asshole for stealing your gift card.
you don’t have to have a meaningful conversation with your family via text or phone.
if your so would be upset if he found out, then you shouldn't be doing it.
you don't mention she wasn't doing her job and that affected you.
you're coming off really 'nice guy' in this post.
would you really tell your kid they can't play with something just because of their gender?
i think he's justified in being upset with you.
op buried the lede and revealed the true story in the comments.
my gut feeling is that you would prefer not to change.
if, as you said, it’s not that big of a deal, then it shouldn’t be a problem to tell her either.
think of the situation from their perspective; their son has low functioning autism, and they probably already know that the chances of him living a normal life like you are really low.
i'd better discreetly find out who this is by asking someone else while i go to get the child." kids can be adopted.
re-read your post, you're made because your friend wants to spend more time with a girl.
either work out how to spend more time at hers (sleeping arrangements don’t trump the dogs’ basic needs - leaving them all night isn’t great if they’re not used to it) or get them more accustomed to his place so they don’t see it as strange and will sleep better there.
your parents are disrespectful to you, your wife and your marriage and i'm sorry you can't see that.
friends of roommate come back to the house after a night out, thinks that the bottles of gatorade belong to their friend and chugs one.
at least  for messing with his tires like that, especially if you don't know how to fix it yet you did it anyway.
you should be doing that without her having to ask.
are you sure there isn't going to be some overlap in the hiring process?
if you don't want to be the shoulder for them to cry on, just don't answer them or meet them up for stuff like that.
but your girl tried to clean it.
wait your turn like everybody else.
your wife is low contact for a reason, expect there to be more tension and blowups if you’re demanding she increases contact.
you thought about catching him, but you consciously decided not to even though he could've gotten hurt.
i actually dont know how the “blacks” are.
your parents probably feel alienated because your understanding of relationships is that you have to fulfill the desires and expectations of others in order to have them value and like you.
it’s okay , and i know you’re saying “no i’m not i like girls more than guys and more often” but no.
work harder to get the client in the first place instead of waiting for one to be given to you.
he probably doesn't have much say in who actually gets hired.
if you are serious that she ‘might kill you’ if you say separate holidays, you have larger problems and really need to get counseling before you get married.
the idea of him having sex with his exes (all women) repulses me, because i don’t want to sit around and incision my bf with multiple women like a normal human being.
sleeping in weird hour long segments is no substitute.
❤ it sucks, but it really sounds like you might actually be an alcoholic and that it is part of your mental health problems.
her for being so obsessively self centered.
, dude why'd you have to rain on jesse's parade?
a work life balance is important.
seems like you just wanted to humiliate him in front of your coworkers.
have a talk with him about it more in depth, and see what you guys can resolve.
props to your group mate for his tact.
interesting you didn’t consider how you son would feel about this.
she's not being "tricked." he's a high schooler doing his best to be diplomatic.
so i disagree with the phrasing of your question, because it sounds like you're talking about people in general who haven't dated, and there's no way to "prove" bisexuality.
i'd never go to your house, either.
the bedtime routine, (involving the parent and child) is a very important time of day.
question - do you have a problem with him watching porn, or just the obsessive behavior you mentioned in this thread?
, she makes almost a tenth of what you do, she got you the sweet money-making job (dude, $10k a month.
i didn't expect this, well, visceral reaction, to you know, an opinion piece.
plus the machine would make your life easier as well.
except you have no money, and so all you can do is sit and watch your friends eat their lunch in front of you.
i can't understand why so many comments are about him being irresponsible, when op did exactly the same.
i haven’t opened one of my ‘required textbooks’ in two years, and literally never write by hand, times are different now.
when he wants to eat again he is going to have to was his previous dishes.
your parents have worked out an allowance plan that works for them, and it makes no functional difference on your end who pays
if i were you, i’d be honest with him.
i'm sorry and i hope you feel better soon.
it's not your marriage, and not your problem.
why are you putting on a charade of "giving your wife full agency" over the first name if you have veto power?
your sister is an asshole for leaving the family dog in a situation where he might have gotten loose, and you're an asshole for deciding that her not being sorry enough warranted getting physical with her.
and one step further, add in an alternative suggestion of something you would want to do together (whether the alternative is on that day or any day, this would show your friend some effort on your part).
and of course continue with your ambitions just don't let it consume your life.
that being said i would have just said no from the start and would have been way less of an asshole.
when we met we were part of the same friend group, and the entire group did stuff like this.
i suggest dissecting it for yourself and determining if it is something you'd ever want to have.
lastly, more out of curiosity, has your wife taken your last name as her own?
if you roll 9 times a day you better have it down by now.
you badgered them into playing the lottery with you and when they won, you got upset.
while you were in the same place.
if you can't manage to keep your shit together during exams because someone reports that your behavior makes them uncomfortable, you weren't going to pass anyways.
i'd call her and apologize, and stop forcing her to do something she obviously doesn't care to do.
the mature thing to do is establish your boundaries and have a conversation with her.
- as someone with a physical disability that's usually but not always visible and who needs the accessible bathroom you're *both* assholes.
not fair on trevor at all!
i am offended on these groups behalf because i recognize that usage of those words demeans people in those groups and denies them the dignity they are entitled to as human, and members of society.
there's so many levels of wrong with what you said, i'll break it down a bit.
i’d feel much more uncomfortable with that than adopting a child who is unrelated to either of us and also needs us to provide him/her with a great start in life.
why would you message him about the sex too?
i can not get over the fact she just let you slap her kid with no consequence, that's some questionable shit because that alone would make me think she is not as great as you make her out to be.
it is considered very rude (unless the service is truly terrible) to not tip.
none of us can say whether she was joking or not as we weren’t there.
then try and land a shared place preferably with a stranger so you can make a fresh start.
if you want to do something with her, do something with her.
if it's so important to you then you pay for the difference in cost.
for not sending a quick text.
but at least you're learning this lesson young.
even if she was bi-curious when she was dating you, she was still dating and nobody else.
- that is not a normal family conversation.
people rarely say 'i don't like you and i don't want you to talk to me.' but also, he's reassured her before that they're friends.
may be a wrong assumption but i’m assuming if you’re married you’re 20 something and i get the principle of him not paying you back is annoying, but is $100 from three years ago really breaking the bank for you?
unless your wife got some free relaxing time this morning, i think it’s quite selfish to expect her to pick up your son so late while you spend time relaxing at home.
they can't tell it's not eye contact but it causes a little less anxiety for you.
if you both determine that her qol is bad, euthanize her.
put her name on the door, just her last name as agreed to in the contest terms, and let your superiors deal with any fallout.
i've always been very secure in who i am and know that other people's opinions aren't the be all end all, but it still *hurts*.
if everyone did as you did people would have no time for anything but explaining themselves.
as it stands now, you screwed over a group of people who probably have no idea why you didn't contribute, just that you didn't.
you wanted a freebie and they couldn't give it to you.
for telling her what she can and can’t do.
but if youre gonna do it anyways, find a forest or somewhere secluded to smoke.
why do you think you should be with someone as young as 22?
you're an adult and an independant woman, go out and buy your own test.
what makes you think you need to have a better job than her?
maybe i don't understand wedding etiquette, but i think when someone buys you a gift, you accept it graciously.
if it \*was\* a greater indication of your character as a partner ...
it’s not as if it just never came up, because going to your family’s house for dinner where meat is served is obviously an occasion to tell them if you have dietary restrictions.
for making that whole story one sentence.
you guys have been close friends, and from what it sounds like, it has been a pretty healthy, platonic friendship.
i would say , but as a narcissist you won’t care about my opinion anyways.
what if your gf had a seizure and caused harm to others (as in she was working in a high risk job) or worse harm to herself?
, and the anger, and disdain, in this post, towards your parents, is practically oozing off of my phone.
if not for anyone else, you owe it to yourself to at least think a little more responsibly.
when you took the ten back you should have also returned the hug.
there would’ve been some reason the person who was supposed to help didn’t come immediately (stuck on the phone with a customer, in the bathroom, tending to an injury etc etc).
i wanted her to be in my wedding and i asked her to be a bridesmaid.
hope things go well for you!" that way at least the other person on the end of that technology would have known not to expect to hear from you.
> aita for making fun of someone’s trauma?
your brother may we’ll be asking for attention.
he should understand that he is living in a complex with pets.
if your priorities are lifting things up and putting them down over spending time with a living breathing person who cares about you, just end it.
i don't want to talk to my friends so's outside of seeing them in person.
it makes even more sense, if the three of them are still very close and you had a falling out with two of the girls.
i think how you answer that will determine your next steps.
, everyone sucks, even the school administrators for not giving him a pass to leave class earlier.
> i then bring up the fact that if he hadn't gone and bought that video game he could have funded groceries, and that he was making his problem my own.
can we all agree to stop playing mind games and if we want something to ask for it as opposed to hoping she’ll read your mind and figure it out?
also, fwiw, i work for a large company with a lot of names rooms...
if you don't have one, you are month to month, so you have to give a full month's rent.
she isn't there to physically help her mom, she isn't there because there's a risk things will go south, she's there because her mom is going through a rough time and she wants to emotionally support her.
so you’re saying you are so in doubt you would wait until a baby is born and then do a test to find out if she cheated.
but, the important thing should be about making memories together.
her job is 24/7, 7 days per week.
maybe she learns better if things are explained to her a certain way, maybe it would be better if she just handed you the stuff and left the room.
you both have different points of view on drug use.
but she had the plastic surgery before you met?
i am typically *not* attracted to overly feminine men or masculine women.
both of you have some issues communicating if the only way you can resolve arguments is through random strangers on the internet
you could have taken the high road, but you didn’t.
choosing her sister to be her moh isn't a sleight against you, she just chose her sister and the wedding party is minimal.
sometimes you just want to be an asshole, but that doesn't make it right.
it's not that hard to ask and listen about what you can do better.
part of dick behaving the way he does is that people enable him.
, [because you're not giving us the full picture of your stuff]( i edited and updated for clarity.
and depending on her hormone levels when she does bleed, she might be swinging from left to right field because of the imbalance, she could control her emotions a bit better but you can’t just act like it’s her fault halfway.
a few condolences wouldn’t cost you anything.
of course the logical step after moving in together and getting a house together is starting a life together.
you’re emotionally cheating on your girlfriend with someone whose “feelings are easily played with.”
fair warning, you'll be the obvious suspect.
if you bring it up once and then let her make her own decisions/take the initiative to get herself healthy.
i’d say  if you tell her.
also every girl in that class thinks you’re a massive creep now.
you should be using the walkways that lead to the doorway on people's private property.
just because you don’t have as close as a relationship with your mom, doesn’t mean that anyone who has one like your wife and mils is weird.
this is the first warning sign to me.
the ones without kids (at the moment) won't be left out and if they have their own little ones, they too will benefit.
it's apparently against the rules to suggest that couples break up.
also genes are just funny sometimes.
if you and your girlfriend then had a dispute that resulted in a mess that took that long, that’s a human problem, not a cat problem.
do you not imagine he probably has some pretty bad feelings towards your mother (which are deserved) and you (which aren't, but probably are now).
she had a very good reason for wanting to eat separately, but you chose to focus on the surface level issue.
you'll both grow up and laugh about how stupid this entire situation is
will it be your co-workers and boss standing around looking down at you?
for wanting to waste your mom's money because you have no self control.
you should have made sure she got safely home even if it was inconvenient.
i hope that, if anything's clear, there's a lot that goes on in casting a musical in high school outside of auditions, and it's not just favoritism.
and only kept in touch with his son, not the daughter.
your feelings are completely rational, but you need your own space.
regardless of the event or its purpose, that’s really shitty.
your mom should respect your wishes to live with your dad, but she also should not have made you pick between who you like better.
you are still a kid at home, and need both of your parents.
- you broke up with your long distance girlfriend over the phone...
she wasn't and she may have been concerned about that.
i was that girl, i used someone.
follow the proper process for the deposit.
most d&d groups that "meet like clockwork" still have cancel every now and then because someone has something come up.
why would anyone want to fight about something so inconsequential?
just be careful my friend, and maybe consider getting those tats removed (just a suggestion tho).
it's never ok to snoop on other peoples communication, but they also should not be talking smack about you.
you should have slept in the bed bc that's what hes paying you for.
but if anything, i feel like you're the one who is least to blame?
- you said you'd do it, and even when you started to feel like you couldn't, you still said you'd do it.
again, i’d never stop her, and i think a lot of reddit will give you the standard “if you don’t trust them then ” answer as if everything happens in a vacuum.
- if you’ve been with him for years you should trust him to have a family friend and her +1 staying over.
granted, her behavior also sucks, you both need to learn how to communicate more clearly!
you know how there are  but justified?
hell, they could have submitted their own project and told the prof the exact same story you did.
it’s not the doctors and patients fault that the regulatory framework isn’t up to date.
her time is as valuable as yours and if she was planning to study for exams, why should she have to take a break from that to sell your couch?
unless she named you by name, you had no right to call her out and certainly not at work.
don't be surprised if talking to him ends soon.
i don’t care if it was a joke or not, you probably made her feel insecure about something she wears for religious reasons.
this is all so much more overwhelming when it's your first.
sounds like he did try to stick by you.
they have to leave their house for months and be in their grandchilds bedroom so they can be treated.
don’t use his patience with you as an excuse to not examine your own thoughtless, casual racism.
depression just leads to them eating more, then people bully them more and this just leads them to suicide in a lot of cases.
how would he feel if you told him that you've been feeding him meat all this time?
regardless, you cant get upset if your not dating her and she is going with other guys.
100% if that’s actually what you said, a simple “no” would have sufficed.
- you wasted a bunch of peoples time
maybe not turn up so early and actually turn up when the doors are open.
the person on the table sucks for the name calling and making a scene after she'd been apologized too.
the job hunt is hard but maybe look at general graduate jobs rather than geology only as you got a 2:2?
often this happens not because the child isn't able to learn them but because it's so hard to find the patience and strength to do so.
she made dinner for you with the ingredients she had at home, so be grateful.
they clearly haven't been taught and/or disciplined appropriately by the institution that you represent.
if +1s are allowed at the prom then she has every right to bring a friend.
- maybe she feels like she herself isn't ready to go to uni.
your dad’s an asshole, not for wanting his rules enforced, but for completely flipping out and berating her and calling her names.
while you might not be racist, telling them makes racism more acceptable in the long run.
i was hoping i was wrong but after your text all i could think was “damn, you’re a dick.” you’re right in the sense that it is a non-issue.
so, you're just going to wait for the relative to die and for her to fully grieve the loss before you say something?
it’s one thing if this was some thing no one in your personal life knew about except your bf.
you don't really love your stepdaughter if you're easily willing to exclude her from family plans and trips.
go home and apologize for how you reacted.
after winning your wife back and still having close contact with her?
she has her whole life ahead of her and has already had a rough upbringing.
there is no conspiracy of women united against you.
i’m not the one who needs it up, ever, so why should i be touching it?
because you don’t see (or choose not to see) how your actions affected your child (and your ex) physically, mentally, emotionally and financially.
but you can't expect her to wait for you to change your life/get help/get a job just because you're unable to do so right now.
even if you don't find it important, it's clearly important to your father.
it’s a joke that is douche but no one got hurt and everyone can move on easily.
but i wouldn’t try and reach out to her anymore, you’ve done your damage.
but the more a man keeps approaching or romantically pursuing a woman who has made it clear she's not interested in him, the more she has to wonder if this situation is going to go from awkward and uncomfortable to something worse.
btw "pain au chocolate" translates to "chocolate bread"...not far off from "bread with chocolate" so calm yourself.
you don't have the perspective understanding of your coworkers health to decide for them where or not they're feeling healthy enough to go out.
for not telling her, and it’s not a smart decision.
that being said, if you don't see a future in a relationship for *any reason*, continuing that relationship is quite literally the definition of leading them on.
jfc i can't even with this post.
-sincerely, a bisexual person married to a straight person
you're right wrt to not pissing her off if she's vengeful and you want to see the rest of your money.
you could have very easily finished the date, said goodbye at the restaurant, and seen him right after.
sounds like you're both lunatics to me.
what you said wasn’t necessarily wrong, but you didn’t have to say it.
, kind of -- you haven't told her why you don't want to be around her?
completely disregarding how she felt and ruining her trust in you.
in addition you seem to have some pretty radical views on adoption which probably is not helping anything in terms of conversing with your husband.
think about how tedious her time is.
the only 100% certain birth control is abstinence.
then you get your feelings hurt when they say the chair has been stolen when in effect it has...it has disappeared from the charity for days and instead of saying something like ...yes this whole thing could have been handled better...
it's great to go in together on one larger gift *if you both agree that's what you want to do.* it's also ok to each buy separately according to your means, and if sister cannot afford an extravagant gift then she cannot afford an extravagant gift.
your girlfriend has turned this into a legitimate way to make money, and you're being condescending and dismissive by calling it a "hobby" and you're clearly distrustful of her.
you’re not entitled to his money.
it was also really immature and probably hurtful to your dad what you said.
this is the crap that happens in shops like these.
he's a young kid nervous about going to college, be supportive instead of pulling out your "back in my day i walked to school up hill barefoot through snow both ways!" trump card.
this means you both were in similar financial situations, yet you think for some fucked up reason that it’s cool for you to not pay child support?
people care about what they care about and they aren’t hurting anyone, mind your own business.
it was completely reasonable for her to expect to get more time with you after moving in together.
you live with the man and he’s trying to help you out.
dudes like you are why women are terrified of dating.
you don't need to tell your friend or do anything weird like "hey lets not be friends anymore"
you would literally sign a card with your name on it.
if anything wait until they’re older (at least 18) so they can come to terms about what’s going on.
- mind your business or find a better way to enter a conversation, no matter how idiotic the topic may be.
you’re married — talk to each other.
i wish you the best of luck.
she already gave you leash by being okay with the hens, and now you call her crotchety for not wanting a rooster?
be the more mature person and stop annoying people and bullying them on purpose - like for instance stepping on people’s shoes.
also, saying stuff to agree with them is never a good long term idea.
either  or  because you may need to be more sensitive but it was an honest mistake just tell the friend how sorry you are
you are a massive asshole and i feel sorry for your wife.
you could have gone anywhere else.
this is like the exact reasoning every guy who has an affair has.
has he been prevented from driving his boys in the past?
while it's (likely) not illegal, it's still a huge invasion of privacy and never okay regardless of the issues leading up to the post.
work on saving up and pay the ticket man.
you have literally no idea why this girl is posting the things she is, and you’re just projecting your past experiences and making your friend feel like shit.
ffs, you both sound like you're not mature enough to be having sex.
you can certainly leave a friendly note, but if they literally have every right to park there, insisting they move isn’t really up to you.
did she know she needed permission to post pictures of you?
they still want to feel good and calling someone massive will never do that.
and then pushing for her phone number because you don't know how to pay attention?
if he's asked you not to call him cute or adorable, don't.
she shouldn't have to make up for your salary because she doesn't have a great job.
but not really an "asshole." she specifically told you that she would be embarrassed.
did you at least pull over and call 911?
i understand it’s difficult to talk to them, i’m the same way, but knowing that they’re talking to you and completely ignoring them is assholish behavior.
info: at least give us the supposed name so we can judge how ridiculous it might be.
your girlfriend was so supportive: >she would keep texting me, with motivational memes or updates on how she was doing there's nothing wrong with that.
it takes only a few seconds to type out that you’re running late.
also, the title makes it sound like you kidnapped a guy that initially kidnapped you.
it sounds like she's trying to be diplomatic and keep everyone happy.
she’s not going to get much of a vacation at all, and instead will be dragged across the country making the job of caring for a newborn and establishing a routine even more exhausting and difficult.
god forbid you, an able bodied man, have to walk an extra few feet.
and having anxiety doesn't mean you're equally anxious about all interactions.
they are not worried because you are 'thin' they are worried because, from your own words, you very quickly lost a lot of weight.
there are thousands of reasons you are  for wanting him to quit smoking, but if he's otherwise a good partner and father, the ultimatum is a step too far.
you could have kept it, said no to the offer, or donated it.
that guy is a tool, but you're definitely just a different type of tool.
maybe just try to be there for him.
> i snapped and told her to go fuck herself, and i loved s more than i will ever love her ass whelp, this relationship is
and neither does not watching the news?
are you in therapy for your mental health issues?
there is a time and place for challenging people's beliefs.
you're willing to literally let yourself die to prove a point?
the internet is full of porn.
see the problem with these 4chan idiots is they claim everything is a joke.
you're leading her on just because you like the attention.
you are the one who needed the time off.
if you can't deal with your feelings, maybe you need to take a break from the friendship.
stand up for yourself, not by passive aggressively locking everyone out of the laundry room.
let them navigate their new sense of independence, even if it does mean letting them talk shit about the 30 teachers they’ve slept with.
next time maybe plan your nights a bit better if a good night's sleep is so important to you.
there's no chance in fucking hell that you're going to do this.
i think if the only reason you won't visit your uncle is to spite the rest of your family, but you otherwise would have no problem with visiting him, that's very passive aggressive and not fair to him.
> > i wanted to weigh practical and smart for 1/2 the price versus fun, enjoyable and a little irresponsible in my mind
do you really need to ask if  here?
sometimes, situationally, things seem like they matter, but then tomorrow comes around and then what difference does it make?
she’s wrong for calling you an idiot.
they're incredibly open-minded, i had several friends with gay parents and they never said a bad word, always supported gay marriage, and introduced me to several of their gay friends.
he's got his thing, you want more, find a person or group of persons who fit that bill.
that’s totally fine if that’s how you feel, it’s your life and you have to do what makes you happy, but put her out of her misery and end it already if that’s the case.
can’t decide, because you claim you’re in the “healthcare field” which could literally mean anything from physician to housekeeping, and yet you say “making him addicted to medication” which shows a shocking lack of understanding of how psychopharmacology works.
and now that i look at it, i think i am a bad person.
if you loose the streak you'll start it again.
probably would have been best to acknowledge that *before* cheating, but what's done is done.
i’m assuming with this many people that a larger room/ rental was booked to accommodate you and your boyfriend.
if my friends shit on my girlfriend, i defend her.
just find something else to do.
your version of bettering his life isn’t the only one.
she told you no the first time.
admittedly, she's asking the wrong question.
and you told them it wasn't a big deal.
her asking if you paid yet is just her making sure she has the money needed so she could pay.
if my bf opened up to me one day and told me he had at one point had sex with a guy that doesn’t change who he is fundamentally.
don't throw it in people's yards.
whether or not you like it, it's her body and this is the way she's decided to cope with whatever she's dealing with.
the ultimate  moment for me however was when you told her that you needed her to not be offended by such little things.
he’s probably pissed at you because he knew that (or knew that someone else couldve handled it) and you still forced his hand.
, what he eats is none of your concern.
you are definitely allowed to tell them what works for you and what doesnt but you can't be mad at them for just not knowing (and it sounds like they tried their best).
i run an animal shelter in a part of the country where a lot of animals get euthanized.
the lesson the kid is learning is that it’s okay do to potentially irresponsible things around other cars/people.
i might be annoyed by how much my bf spends on video games but i’d never say it outloud because he still pays rent and it doesn’t impact me at all.
-- not for not wanting to, but for your response.
you certainly don't have to like anyone if you simply don't.
you're especially not entitled to live there for free from april 1-12.
she can't control her nose running.
this is all so stupid and irresponsible.
contact them and lay out your concerns for your friend's treatment, offer some suggestions based on things she's brought up with you.
i'd be pissed i saw my boyfriend had downloaded tinder.
holy damn, you are the asshole.
that cat most likely meant a lot more to him than you could know.
try to just coexist peacefully until the end of the semester — you won’t have to see her after that.
don't kid yourself into think "friends wouldn't do that to another friend."
there are so many steps you could have taken before this and i’m sure this is illegal.
>he's also been having money issues, and i've bought him food and drinks countless times.
it's not worth the temptation even as friends, because it sounds like it'll always be there in the back of your mind, whether you say it out loud or not.
i can not agree more with your friend especially when she said something about your “intense desperation.” she offered you good advice even after she clearly stated she didn’t want to be involved and then you kept looping her back into this conversation that she didn’t want to have.
you could've grabbed your spray and called the police and not made any sort of deal to her about it.
it would weird me out if someone insisted i change it just because i was marrying them.
there will be plenty other trips.
and a borderline shit post, honestly, because you seem very full of yourself.
but it all comes down to being honnest and comunicate, you cant blame her if she doesnt know you are frustrated by it and with comunicating i do not mean a message at all, talking is really important
for going to a food event while sick and likely contagious.
you should have given john less and kept the remaining for the guild's use, jic new players joined or some of the old members joined back
how does a ldr of 1800 miles even work when you're in high school?
and i have to say, lying will only make it worse.
the nude itself is reason enough never to message your ex again.
- you escalated this situation to nuclear heights and did yourself no favors.
i won't say, or write the word.
and she's right, when you do things like that and then accuse her of having made her do it you're being massively manipulative.
everything good you did is annoyingly kind of irrelivent.
, grow up she was kidding and you ended up calling her a "bitch", dont get mad over every little thing that happens.
you could have simply quit the team and told everyone one why.
hang out w/people who don't trigger you maybe?
, you could’ve just said “yeah i’m seeing someone” without giving a long story, but you went with “no i’m not”.
it's fair to want food you enjoy.
if you follow through with this.
and oftentimes facebook and insta will show someone as online when they're really not, their phone is just still running the app in the background.
ignoring convention of the line starting where the doors happen to open in order to benefit yourself at the expense of others is literally textbook asshole behavior.
- you aren’t really entitled to any of his assets as you didn’t work hard for those assets and they were his, not yours.
everyone gets interrupted all the time.
regardless of if you think it's cringe or not, your bf has asked you to stop using it on him.
just apologize and don't do it again.
this doesn’t make it sound like you guys are trying to be good partners.
you should have put a stop to that.
he gave you the option to allow you to feel you weren't being bossed around and so you could feel that you were making your own choice to contribute to the household.
so you walked away and pretended like nothing was going on while your friend was being harassed?
does he owe it to you to report to you to whom he's dating?
running errands for the squad and picking up items they requested after he asked is not inappropriate in anyway
a cheater or your innocent son who's gone through some rough hell learning his father is acting shitty.
what if you started trying harder?
find another way that doesn’t involve preying on the elderly.
wow, you're a special kind of of guy, aren't you?
it isn't a particularly good choice but it's one that you put yourself in.
they're not going to force some adults that they don't know to start "respecting" their son.
i think you mean "debilitating" genetic diseases.
one other thing i was thinking is that what if she begins turning around to other kids telling them things their parents let them have make them fat and slow?
she straight up told you she was unhappy.
staying home with a kid isn't for everyone.
springing this on her would be staggeringly insensitive, unless you really think she can be bought.
but give her little time and go apologize to her and just let her know it won’t happen again.
this seems to make you incompatible as a couple.
he’ll be surrounded by bernie fans, he’s not gonna start shit (probably).
light from your phone doesn't just stay in your little personal bubble.
yet in the question you pose at the end you state both those things, maybe if you want to avoid these kinds of conflicts you should just say what you think, whatever that may be.
also ask before eating or drinking peoples food, common sense.
along with all this, your girlfriend will have more respect for you, girls love a man that looks after hygiene.
- this reminds me of when i was sexually assaulted and my ex asked me to cover up my bruises because he didn’t want to look at them.
a simple “baby you’re a 20” both makes her feel special and is obviously an exaggeration so it’s not even a lie per se.
just be honest with her, or don't say she can stay over the night if you're just gonna be "actually ".
and to top things off, he's not their only child with autism (though it seems your twin brother is fine).
that really undercuts that purpose of gift giving.
trust she won't suddenly change her mind about you.
find someone who respects you instead of viewing you as an adversary.
don’t you think there’s a serious possibility that you’re taking them not inviting you out again harsher than necessary?
no child of mine would not have my surname if i were not married to the father.
we didn’t have a lot of points, but we sure as hell cared and we were pretty good at what we did.
especially ones who believe they should receive the respect they've earned by being your elder.
only man-children (or children-children in your case) solve problems that way.
they’re young, inexperienced, impressionable, they’re trying to establish a new identity, and they want to have a bit of fun.
understand that things like this, taking the trash cans up, keeping the lawn cut, keeping houses in good condition - are necessities when you live in a nice neighborhood.
and if at any point, she asks you to give her space, then give it to her.
you’re asking other people to do you work because you don’t want a bad grade?
your grandmother did something sweet and cute.
kids aren't always a spitting image of their parents, not how genetics works..
ok so  for wanting her to do more of the chores.
not something you get to plan.
food and board and share of bills fair enough, but does he have the right to say ‘let’s sell the car and get rid of the animals ‘?
then the op is surprised at everyone wondering wtf she's doing.
also, doing that just for the crime of being born a woman is vile.
if you really wanted to help him instead of being a condescending prick you could build him up and encourage him to go after a single job that could pay his bills.
she was an asshole too, but you were a far bigger one, as what you did was wildly disproportionate.
if you try to force sister into a gift sharing scheme she cannot afford.
the store owns those spots and they're allowed to designate them for whatever they want.
*whoa.* you went full asshole with your "dead dad" comment alongside the "whore" and "slut" comments.
can totally understand why she doesn't want you in her life.
, there are other ways to take care of the problem.
...for acting like your coworker is/was in a relationship with you when all she did was like, exist in your vicinity.
you’re an asshole unless your work is so specific that you couldn’t have gone literally anywhere else.
i think you're living right now the exact reason your parents behaved like that.
i don't necessarily mean buying her something of equal value or handing her the cash, i mean more like doing some extra chores to help her out, taking her to a nice dinner if you have the cash, or making her something that expresses how much you appreciate her.
language on how you are insulting and it's pop usage is irrelevant.
i'm sure your neighbors can't stand you either.
the fact that you expect other people to pick up after your dog makes you clearly the asshole.
and you didn't think it was worth remembering or going through with.
also, what are you afraid of?
owning a dog is a big responsibility and not a light decision for a family.
if it were entirely because she’s a girl she wouldn’t be successful because if it was boring they wouldn’t bother.
your "relationship" with your sd makes it very different than a typical relationship.
keep it up and you might get a lesson on unnecessary honking laws.
i say this because i’ve totally done this to my spouse and we’ve talked about how it is frustrating to the person waiting, particularly because you don’t know what kind of day they’ve had.
the non-asshole thing to do is give them an option, either you will take your deluxe tv and buy a new one for them with one equivalent to the one you broke, or if they wish they can buy the deluxe one off you.
sounds like you're holding her against a standard set by yourself and the golden child.
: people who say “honey” to be condescending are douchey.
clarification the thing about being afraid that people who aren't speaking english are talking about you is still questionable.
you could have gone up there and politely asked them if they wouldn't mind taking their shoes off if they're going to be walking around late at night.
i'll break this down: if she didn't care enough to make sure it's a real autograph, you don't need to confront her, just let it slide, in that case that person doesn't really care much about you.
, she's a grown adult who's making her own decisions.
if she is aborting, the risks of drinking whilst pregnant are irrelevant.
she should have brought this up sooner than two weeks ago; you threatening divorce as a communication tactic/to manipulate her is a complete asshole move at the same time.
i can't imagine being fired because some issues came up as you were improving the servers.
for for wanting to be successful in life and in good shape.
one is that you're jealous, and spiteful.
you didn't need to shout and cuss at him.
you likely also spread misinformation because that topic is far more complicated than ten minutes of discussion could express.
.stop trying to control people and move on
- everyone here voting he’s not is missing a key point.
you’re asking a genuine question so i’m giving you a genuine answer but i won’t argue about it.
she even put a stamp on it for you to return.
perhaps a polyamorus relationship would suit you all better?
i think this needs some more communication.
plus, lying is not a great foundation for any relationship
just because you spent 3 years and a presumably absurd amount of money on your wedding doesn’t mean you get to control aspects of your friends’ lives such as who they date, who their other friends are, how charismatic and attractive they are, or when they get pregnant.
- your mum was looking for confirmation that you’d all had a good time after she probably spent time and money planning for the trip for you all as a family, which based on it sounding like you’re all growing up might mean it’s one of the last family trips.
if you think buying property and turning around and renting it out to others to make money makes you more special, privileged, or deserving of deference than a childs mental health or a medical professional who has dedicated their career to bettering others' lives, you are an asshole.
&#x200b; sounds like she's not really your friend.
ghosting is always really mean and it would be better if people were just more direct with each other.
i feel so sad for her now :(
it isn't up to you to out your friend.
you didn’t need to make the smart ass comment after.
you sold tv and he could do whatver he want with it.
you are not even paying utilities, or for all of your own food never mind paying rent.
he's is very clearly getting what he wants out of these relationships and facing zero consequences for his behavior.
it means you're stuck in a car with someone you don't know, and creepers abound.
you are even using her personality as an excuse, that she's shy?
she walked the dog without me, did groceries without me, had conversations with her dog while ignoring me, and i went to an event by myself she is introverted, youve said this yourself but it sounds like she spends a lot of her time with you.
, but only because your storage plan is wrapping them in a blanket.
he should break up with her-- he's trying his game elsewhere and they aren't even married yet.
should have thought of that earlier.
this has been brought up in another post before, but girls have smaller bladders than men, shorter urethras and can literally get utis if they don't pee when they need to.
if you're able to work and don't but are trying to force him to get a second job, you're more than just ta and either this is hopefully a shp or you need to get out and stop being a burden on him
you get a gym membership and when you want a nice long shower you go do it there.
you would still be an asshole if you did this and told them immediately it was a joke, but an hour?
i'm not trying to just roast you, i've been depressed before and i get that a nice hug can make a shitty day feel a lot better, but if you really need that then ask your mom or dad (if your family situation is ok, you didn't mention anything about that).
what - is the goal to out bully the bully?
honestly, you come across extremely pompous and condescending.
then he can "continue things with this other girl and still be happy without " you since that's what you say you want.
were there things on the test that haven't been covered in class?
the fact that you’re willing to throw away 15 years of friendship because you’re butthurt you weren’t invited to be in the wedding party is petty and is an asshole move.
thing is he might be their friend or be having a private conversation but you yelled out in front of a bunch of people.
there are relationship, parenting, etc subs for that.
you can't just make the decision to hire someone alone and expect her to pay.
you made a bunch of wild assumptions about the situation and put two people through a stressful situation.
may be  for the second because it may look threatening or a fight is about to break to people standing nearby.
you know what you go through to get gas, yet you're the reason someone won't get to fill up their tank that they waited in line for.
but she didn't officially dump you, which is what she should have done.
this isnt a "these fucking sjw are ruining comedy>>>:(" situation, it's a "i'm an edgy 14 year old who thinks offensive=funny" your teacher has every right to reprimand you and your friends.
staying with you after this rough patch was your second chance.
next time i would leave earlier, or swallow your tongue and sit in whatever seats are open
she’s also an asshole for continuing to ridicule you after you asked her to stop but that doesn’t excuse you intentionally trying to upset her by shoving a family member’s death in her face.
what if you have a daughter who hates playing with dolls and likes trucks?
i ended the friendship because i felt she'd been an asshole.
and yes, i am a queer person in my thirties who was with a person of the same sex for twelve years and married to her for part of that time; yes, i came out to my extremely religious, homophobic father years ago despite knowing that he would potentially cut me off; yes, i originate from a town populated with roman catholics; and yes, i do get it.
not for having these issues, but honestly if you can’t cope with these things, living with a roommate isn’t for you.
if you want them, work for them and go get them.
you said yourself that you “knew” you should have gone somewhere else.
you're a grown adult and if you were that bothered by it could have left to go read at a coffee shop or something.
stop being assholes to each other.
the correct answer would just be to talk to the management and have the belligerent lady removed.
it's a gift from her to you.
if you were on the road behind me and you started that honking i would purposefully slow walk my car to the light just to piss you off.
however, seeing her as not equal to you is where .
he has a mental illness, and you want to cut him off from his family because you don’t agree with his beliefs?
if you asked me "how was your day?" and i replied with "i fucked your wife and got her pregnant", it might be me being bluntly honest, but you'd still be pissed off either way.
it's not that it's such a solemn event that laughing is inappropriate, it's that it's a fucking weird thing to find funny.
you say youre close to her but i highly doubt she holds you in such close regard.
not all injuries or disabilities are visible.
therefore to prove they dont have it, they must get the x-ray.
for what it's worth, i think she's being a hugely stuck-up bitch and pulling both the iwd and period cards.
your response to “don’t tell me what to do” is automatically “i’ll report you”?
but clearly, your so doesn't respond to that and is just going to end up with more fighting.
she said she had to go, and squatting in a ditch is better than peeing yourself in the driveway.
we have loved the _______ you gave us.
and said that they were not id'ing people and serving them" that's petty as fuck, my guy.
do you see the problem there?
if you know its not on purpose getting angry makes .
whether the guy was a senior citizen or not, everyone acted discourteously and escalated quickly like calm down everyone is going to get some snacks.
your wife is not a cow that you bought.
don't get a new dog either, you've already proven not to be responsible enough for one.
and he was probably offended you were having a dinner party, likely with couples, and wouldn’t invite his girl.
- it isn’t a communal garbage can.
your body then sends signals to your brain and your brain assess the threat, however lots of things can get messed up in the process and different people interpret trauma differently.
right now you are the asshole to both your teacher and your classmates for doing this.
it’s fine to want to have “boy” time and to hang out with your friends, but now you are excluding your girlfriend from an opportunity she won’t otherwise get.
you're  for deciding to break up with her if you no longer have feelings for her.
i scare the shit out of her and keep staring for the final 5 mins or so of the film.
it's one thing to call a person out when they say something vile, but another entirely to frequently have hour long debates with them which ultimately end with everyone believing exactly what they did at the beginning.
you have no information and you're making life altering decisions based on that lack of information.
if you’re adult enough to take the test you’re adult enough to respect your parents boundaries.
you and the mother worked at the same shitty job and both lived with your respective parents when the kid was conceived.
ghosting is almost always a dick move unless you have a good reason to.
i don't think you dodged a bullet, i think she dodged a bullet.
constant djing is much louder and more annoying than loud sex.
are you willing to budge on the agreement at all?
at the end of the day, they want to put on the best show, while also, as teachers, giving consideration to the students.
i'm not trying to guilt trip you, or say that your pain is invalid.
- yeah, you are being petty.
&#x200b; edited to include info &#x200b; edit 2: so..
i mean jesus dude, i’m autistic, and i still know it’s completely tactless to ask a woman if her kids have the same father.
be thankful she cooks for you at all and drop it.
i get why you don’t want to go in the same group as them, but kicking them out of the group wasn’t the way to handle it.
and the bigger a deal you make of it, the pettier you will look and actually drive the friend away.
- but you more than her.
, i was going to vote "info" and ask what specific interactions you've had with this person that were creepy - but i assume if you had examples they would have been listed.
don't bother with this shit and move on.
you should at least have offered to pay her a small amount for her inconvenience, say half the value of a ticket?
- so your logic is “i messed up and want to change” “the only way todo this is to make her become a single mom without much money and leave this making her feel insecure about herself forever”
what you should do is take that last paragraph where you talk about being angry at the world...and say that to your friends.
btw, are you trying to sell v-moda headphones?
forcing someone to talk when they’re not up to it is asshole behavior.
most likely scenario is that she enjoyed dancing with him and it was none of your business.
first, it is very clear that she does not want to fuck, and asking her for it is insenstitive af.
this is a  just because of how you’re handling it.
skylar got you in trouble multiple times and you basically ruined her social life in class.
i mean from what i'm reading, you kind of put him in a bad position here.
one day, you’re going to miss her nagging you.
overall just a dumb thing to do.
you never should have "borrowed" the chair from the charity, you made assumptions that they didn't need it and you didn't do it in a way that everyone knew where the chair came from.
yes you should have took more time off but they should have accepted the fact you were trying to get them a larger budget to look for the apartment.
could be too young to be vaxxed, could be they haven't vetted anyone to leave the baby with for extended periods of time, etc.
that was fine when i was drinking.
i bet if he really wanted to he could come after you for the bill on the tree that was your responsibility, legally...
you spend your entire post about how he doesn't take you out for new years, supplemented by complaints you only go out for dinner (but not movies), dropped hints about going other places like nyc, but what this lacks is your own responsibility.
lying to your girlfriend, but also b.
do you have other examples or is this the only situation you're worried about?
- your brother should have made sure it was okay to have a frequent, over-night guest with the owners of the house, your parents.
we take my dog once a month, and it's easy as hell.
your brother may not have done any household chores *that you saw* that day but you can't know all the ins and outs of what he does every day, and for all you know he contributes more to the household than you do on average.
but, because you don't specifically don't do that, makes you the asshole when you know you will indeed be receiving gifts from those folks.
some it saga is not comparable to his fathers death.
maybe they'd rather have a view of their own car than people coming and going outside their property.
we've had a male that peed, he was feral when we got him.
plus, now your kids are involved since you made it awkward with their friend’s parent, so e may not want your kid around so e can avoid you.
leave her alone and focus on your own goals.
you’re not supposed to laugh while watching something funny?
that policy is a *hugely insensitive asshole* to people's needs and family life.
can’t you just try to nicely sit down and explain how you feel to him?
>aita for flaking on my study/presentation group full stop there.
you, on the other hand, admited you went through her purse, disposed of her things, confronted her about it and are oblivious to the wrongfulness of your actions.
i don't get the point of the rest of the conversation.
you best friend that you live with asked you for a favor, to play at her wedding for free, because you're her friend and because she considers you a good musician, enough to have you perform to her family.
you broke something and are just using her being in the hospital as a way to avoid owning up to it.
well she wasn't receiving child support genius.
i can see why that would hurt you.
would you do this for her if the roles were reversed?
- look at the visual shape of the conversation and the balance of words.
even if it was just to get your mutual rocks off you fucked up a really intimidate act and made her worried when she was in a vulnerable position with no reassurance or explanation on your part.
take the damn subway if you don’t want to drive either.
just give her time, it will take a while to regain her trust - if you ever do.
he wouldn't run around sticking his dick in random girls who aren't "worthy" of his status.
what makes you the asshole is you’re slinging words about your boyfriend like toxic and controlling when it sounds like he’s worried for your well being after what this so-called friend has done to you in the past.
contrary to popular belief, formula feeding won't doom a child to a lifetime of weakness and misery.
you keep trying to place blame elsewhere and not take responsibility.
loads of people can't just willy nilly walk up a flight of stairs, for whatever reason.
you should have put a little bit of research into getting a pet.
remember it's always good to lurk before you post to get the feel for what people will put up with.
the proof is that john left your guild.
and you and everyone on the couch owe her a new tv.
why are they still putting up with aaron?
she took them away as soon as she saw, but didn’t put them up on a shelf far away enough and he still got to the cord.
&#x200b; read what you typed >he hasn't done any bad to me our relationship is fine he's just a complete failure and quite frankly i'm embarrassed about how little he's done with his life.
telling him that your friends don't like him is shitty if he's trying.
if you choose to talk politics...
you are the asshole if you feel this way but lay in the bed with her.
that he is self harming only for attention.
if not, that is a gross invasion of privacy and exactly none of your business.
but it sounds like you've justified it to yourself just fine.
she was just trying to do something nice for you.
you define "masculinity" as being financially superior to your partner.
well she isnt your sugar momma, she's your partner and you make it sound like she's doing a hell of a job.
i'm mad at both parties and i don't know what to do this is why you're the asshole.
you punched a seat and stared at a 13 year old for five minutes straight?
boyfriend because he's not at all concerned with appearances; it speaks to his character.
if this is how you react to people needed you, you need to be in therapy, not a relationship.
all that said, you don't have to meet the guy.
was this about your best friend being very sick or was it because she was hanging out with a guy you like without you there?
it's not much effort, and it saves people who work there needless grief if you just pick up an empty cup and bag of popcorn on the way out and throw it away.
calling your gf's parents stupid for trying to help you is a dick move.
dont use drugs at your place of business and you dont have to worry about this kind of thing.
i’m sure that when she saw your snaps with another girl, her first reaction was probably to assume that you lied about the nintendo tournament and ditched it to hang out with this chick.
- you had unprotected sex and want to push her to abort in violation of her beliefs?
it is shitty to go off on facebook about it.
continuing to lead him on while you secretly start a relationship with someone else (his best friend, no less!!) is really shitty.
it sounds like she physically couldn't without great pain.
this isn't even a real "problem" yet.
your dog was comfortable and already asleep.
either way, your ex understood your message and has made a big girl decision to continue.
you are very much the asshole in this situation.
a therapist will only focus on you and likely does not realize that you are making everyone else in your family suffer.
this kid could be gay, but that doesn’t mean loving on an animal is gay.
that's weird and gross, and honestly that is enough for you to have wanted to end things.
what kind of fuck up is this even.
why not just treat everyone with the same respect you expect yourself?
the only appropriate response ever to a gift is “thank you”.
if you're unwilling to adopt or use another method you might as well leave her now rather than string her along for years and leave her later when you found a good incubator.
maybe his story was a cover for something else.
sorry,  if they dont like salad, they don't like salad, if you want them to be healthy maybe try to find something else to suggest to them, but you can't force people to like something.
i don’t understand why you couldn’t have gone outside alone.
your mom is 1 for giving away items that aren't hers, your uncle is 2 for not disciplining/watching his kid better, and you are 3 for yelling at them and being (what it sounds like) very unpleasant during a family holiday visit.
people are going to be upset with you and rightfully so.
yet you want to pay for one person?
they are the only ones who can help you.
you also turn this into a gender thing with “i don’t understand women” so i’m thinking this was probably not your first or last insensitive remark.
she might be weirded out by the potential child fetishism that comes from the idea of the loli.
i'd also say, as a side-note: perhaps not wise to make plans with a hard start time immediately after an event like a grad school dinner.
you already have this preference so should have not agreed to the date as it wasn't going to change anything.
aren’t you the dude who broke up with his gf in paint class?
you made a snarky comment when she was having a nice conversation with her mom.
he's also an asshole because he knew you were unemployed and he didn't have money yet he kept spending, clearly knowing he was spending your money.
, it's your mum's birthday and it's also her house.
if you go further i have friends like you who freak out about streaks.
for only praising the responses you want to get....which was .
for doing this behind her back in the first place just to avoid an argument you didn’t respect her enough to actually have.
if you don’t get paid $100 you worked for, you’ll feel angry.
it's eight hours before the final project is due and you didn't reach out to them?
if you're so annoyed by being ignored, introduce yourself, don't demand some random girl hug you.
you've said it yourself that she's introverted.
you know she's only talking to you.
i’d rather my night sleep ruined than disable these incredibly necessary alerts.
maybe that involves discussing different contraception options that might work better.
they’re actually considering moving to one of the major cities so that she can get a job in a multinational where english is primarily spoken for business communication as she’s fluent in english.
but if you want to move in and you want her to move out, you need to pay her, it's as simple as that.
- your roommates aren't a monolith.
if you had brought it up in advance, it looks like you’re being forthright.
i think people have a right to know/decide what they eat and you gave out sweets with a very strong implication that they'd be one thing (normal) when they weren't.
your roommate is an asshole for being a thief, and being petty about a couple of broken cups.
honestly, if i were your gf, i'd go on another break and just not come back next time.
or maybe stay together as to not do this shitty behaviour to non arseholes.
but instead of telling your dad you should have hashed it out with your brother and if he didn't listen then let him deal with the consequences.
cause you should have known when her birthday was and it sounds like you forgot and by default forgot to request it off.
but it's worth knowing that they have limitations to social situations and in an emotional sense that can be stressful to manage.
however, she has every right to use the bathroom that she identifies with (especially since that’s school policy).
i hope this is a shitpost, because no one over the age of 12 would think this is appropriate
are very busy people and the fact that he/she responded to your email and is willing to meet at all is a good thing.
- there are probably better ways to deal with the issue that destroying your stuff, but he has good reason to be upset.
breaking up via text is immature at best, heartless at worst.
you made friends initially because you must have enjoyed their companionship in the past.
are you even old enough to be on reddit?
going against the grain and saying .
calling his passions and desire to succeed "antics." you claim you don't resent him but your words say otherwise.
what a strange and bizarre assumption to make and then also tell your friend for no other reason then to upset him.
but are you rushing in to the market so quickly after the breakup to watch him squirm?
- you accuse him of being selfish and stubborn, but you are too!
why not just tell them what you actually want the money for?
it's his own name, he can change it if he wants.
what you did was actually verify his distrust.
so what she has friends who have a crush on her?!
you need to learn to control your anger or you’re going to have problems with it some day.
keep your cat indoors or build a "catio" (outdoor play pen for cats).
he may believe in 85% of catholic teaching, but may disagree with you on the remaining 15%.
- you knew he was a smoker when you got into the relationship, but just expected he would change after some time.
however, you're both adults and can do what you want.
you went clubbing as your gf's date and spent most of the time hanging out with her touchy, flirty friend?
basically, i think you are an asshole for sending an angry email to a teacher because you suspect they coached your child rather than stop forgetting to turn in the reading log.
ianal but she may be legally within her rights to ask you to pay that bill.
this is no different from a woman saying: >i want to have kids, but my husband isn't ready yet.
her body is the one nurturing and forming it.
if they have more in common, why do you think looks is the reason your female friend spends more time with your male friend?
it'll suck, but it's the right thing to do.
you're clearly saying an inside joke right in front of her face and it's pretty disrespectful.
you sound like a shitty girlfriend.
>or the exact words were "we want to level the playing field as were a heavily male dominated industry" love how you went back and added this lol.
you’re wording in the argument just cements it.
but my boyfriend is my world, everything i’ve ever wanted in a guy, to leave him over a sexual preference like this...
wrote that all out and not once realized your behavior was inappropriately biased to favor yourself consistently.
the first time it'll be more profitable to fire you, they will.
my throat gets scratchy when my allergens are in the air - i'm old and experienced enough to now know that it's not a "get to the er!!" reaction, but you can't blame them for not wanting to possibly risk their child's death.
you're doing it for your own.
the bills will be cheaper than normal with only one person there and he will offer additional security for your house.
she also said that chocolate frosting is a preference while hers is not.
you have to make that choice for yourself, and if you choose to tell her you're .
if she’s sleeping go have sex in another room?
&#x200b; we all lose friends over time but that doesn't mean it can't work out when things get tough
one of them apparently took your headphones and stole them.
yes, it is your car and your rules, and i would understand not wanting them to eat in your car because it could stain, but imagine being given the options of forcing down food you don't want, throwing out food someone bought for you, or walking the distance of a 20 minute drive.
you're welcome to end the friendship but stopping them getting together would be asshole territory.
>she always remembers my birthday and she sends me gifts but i'm not the type of person to make a big deal out of birthdays she always remembers your birthday and sends you gifts...and you didn't even bother to make any effort to remember her birthday?
the professor might get worried that someone will tell the dean, and again, with the way some colleges are, he might get reprimanded for it.
from memory, passports are really fantastic for id theft.
unpopular opinion here, but i work in a demanding industry and i was sahm for a while too.
your travel woes are not his responsibility.
asking questions is fine but you keep asking the same question and hoping for a different result.
>i also suggested that she should think about staying home with the kids and maybe working from home after the birth of our twins.
this absolutely makes him the asshole.
but it's really shady to download a dating app when you're in a relationship, especially if you don't tell the other person about it.
if you guys take it away without talking it over.
you ask once and if she is a rude bitch you just have to suck it up, unfortunately.
&#x200b; the fact that you kept pressing the issue means that you were doing it for the validation.
you forgot, yeah that's normal, but you can't just whoopsy your way out of every argument, i'm very forgetful too, so if i need to do something like this i either write a note and put it in my pocket, or make a lil note on my phone and check what i needed to do.
that would make you less of an asshole, though i think you can guess you won't have many friends.
and this is more than simple insecurity, it's paranoia
i lost my dad at 16 and i can tell you straight up, i wish i had done more things with him.
for being uncomfortable with it and expressing that it makes you uncomfortable but any further than that i’d say .
but you’re not actually the asshole, because you’re trying to inform yourself.
\> i get a decent grade on my written speech but my voiced speech grade was bad but admittedly that was my bad, when i had to answer questions the teacher just kept asking irrelevant questions which i couldn’t answer what were the questions?
all you have to do is say, "sorry, but my kid is sick, and i need to go help deal with that." any partner who is upset by that is probably an asshole.
if you accept the services of the union, pay the union.
lots of people muse while people watching most people aren't convinced their wild extrapolations are right.
now shes eating only instant noodles!?
this other person wasn’t your ‘ex-lover’, you said you didn’t date or anything, just smiled at each other.
also, take a lot at yourself.
i think he's an asshole for doing it on communal spacing like the lounge room if he knows it annoys you.
that being said, him not talking to you for a week seems to be dramatic.
if she’s a little mad and hurt that you would think that, but wants to talk about your feelings and where the relationship is going, you’re probably ok.
just because there was an extension doesn’t mean your teacher couldn’t have been done with her grades for her class.
you would be wise not to fuck this relationship up, cause this girl has her priorities straight, is going places, and will replace you if she isn't happy with your behavior.
; i could say any number of things and give many a story as to why you should let him stay, or state that you judging him based on the actions of your other brother is uncool.
but you are wrong, so  - technically that is sexual assault.
leave him alone and live your life.
even a joke can be extremely hurtful.
oh and btw, i'm also a huge dog lover.
you need to grow tf up and take responsibility for your actions.
seriously though, what did you expect?
you laughed in his face, didn’t tell the him the real reason why, and then bailed?
he could also be curious and not sure where his orientation lies, so you saying he is gay could upset or confuse him more.
i imagine it wouldn’t be the same.
you liked this guy, he liked you, he asked you out, and then you and your little friend got in your heads that he’s not good enough because he’s not in the same position as you.
ps: shouldn’t have bothered with a throwaway, because literally nobody else in the world has this problem.
- you made a public accusation without proof.
*your* dog should be trained to know not to go on your sister's bed.
now, if your nephews and nieces ever are in trouble over anything real, they know they can't trust you to handle it like a responsible adult, and not a petulant teenager.
your mother only wanted to do something good for you.
wait...you don’t see how calling someone every hour to find out where they are is controlling?
campus bus system is never there when you need it.
employers pretend that "flexible hours" are anything more than just an excuse for them to make random schedule changes.
you're both acting incredibly immature and are gonna keep stalling at this place in your relationship until you both grow up.
you want this guy to lose his job right before the holidays for not going to the bathroom upstairs?
share the damn cheezits or buy your own box to eat.
she literally can't get away from you.
for her saying that her mom being her best friend and knitting together killed it for you.
it sounds like you all had a long stressful day at disney and emotions were on the rise.
man, i have a hard time getting behind that.
literally all your parents have done is help you, above and beyond what most parents do for their children.
the clothes and hair aren’t a problem though because they are not defining ‘racial’ characteristics.
i read the title and thought , and i read the post and still think .
and maybe her ideal man is you with your mouth shut.
i get the logic, but you advised for more people to lose their jobs so that others can earn more.
why should she wait another month for your convenience only to have to pay more rent for another lease?
, except the kid getting excluded.
because i feel like you could of explained what you wanted to do at the college campus before going so your grandad would of understood and then he could of decided if he still wanted to drive you.
it’s a waste of perfectly good alcohol.
he definitely didnt blow it out of proportion, he was communicated with you that it hurt his feeling, and that he was made fun of in the past.
be an adult and pursue the proper course of action here, don't fight fire with fire.
apologize, try to make it right and sleep safe in the knowledge that people who would judge your father for working hard to give you a better life are not people whose opinion matters much of anything.
you really shouldn't because you are no doctor.
in your case, it may not be immediate, but she'll realize eventually.
it’s mostly memes but i feel she’s my friend and i care about her.
but you are all still young and immature.
it’s not a particularly great idea for either of you, but it doesn’t make either of you ah asshole.
however, this does sound like the same teenage mantra that they do everything, when in reality they are simply doing chores.
would be different if you bought the yogurt but she bought it so f*ck off.
you may not have wanted to wait around all summer doing nothing, but getting someone else wrapped up, and then quite literally invested in your shaky plans makes you ta.
sorry you can't go out more with the boys, but that's to be expected from any new parents, let alone in this kind of situation.
and then your dad changes all of a sudden, but *you still see flashes of the old him when he deals with jeff*.
sounds like you need a new place with new roomies.
just because an alcoholic father isn’t his reality doesn’t mean his life can’t suck.
digging your heels in and refusing to apologize just made you look worse unfortunately.
you need to take responsibility for the mistakes you made and then try and make it up to him.
your flatmate agreed to live with you, not with the first person you can find to sublet your room.
your mom probably thinks that wishing death on anyone is going too far, which i can't blame her for.
get that out of your head that you are babysitting.
it is fake, a lie, and just fucked up.
no one is going to do surgeries on a kid, but in the case of a young kid with multiple years of insistence, they can prescribe kids puberty blockers that give the kid a few extra years for their brains to grow and mature before hormones start doing irreversible things.
, you were very naive in not expecting to have to deal with that.
you don't live with your mom anymore and her job is no longer to cater to your every need.
you put yourself in that situation, he reacted to it the way most would, then you called him an asshole for doing so.
pro-tip dude: no one is going to want to 'go down' on a guy so openly acting a douchebag.
i'm not saying you shouldn't have had rules and consequences (god's knows these kids need and actually crave rules and structure) but if you wanted to have any real chance of helping her, the consequence of breaking the rules should not have been abandonment.
she will not be privy to any of the safety nets and rights that us citizens have.
your sibling on the other hand is going to school.
you *think* not being present will be “better” for her, but she may instead become depressed because she wasn’t there.
you need to be extra sensitive to his feelings on the topic.
maybe go to therapy to relieve your control issues or anxiety.
have to agree with the other poster.
paying for your kid's wedding is great, but not as great as murdering a bunch of people is bad.
- she keeps dumping on you because you haven’t (as far as is can tell from your post) told her how you feel about her emotional dumps.
planning the trip alone is a total asshole move.
sometimes our brains don't move as fast as our mouths.
also the fact you have feeling for him but just string him around as a friend is kind of weird.
i'm sure you can find him a new owner
either way, you were way over the top in this situation.
there's nothing unreasonable about talking to your friend on the phone for that long, (and your partner is being a bit of an asshole for making you feel weird about it), but you should be making time to say goodnight to your son every night.
they have them in boxes in their closet.
hopefully over time all of you will grow up.
that’s how a person treats a random stranger, not a close friend, in my opinion.
*you don’t live in her house*.
yes  if you do this because this is not your place of work and you could jeopardize your gf's job by making a scene like this.
you can go to a class every week if you want to, but the wedding is a landmark event in someone's life.
based on this post you should probably re-evaluate your relationship, because you in no way have the maturity to take on a parenting role to a child.
it doesn’t have to be the be all or end all with dogs, maybe meeting in the middle with a pet that you can both enjoy having.
you are in a relationship, that means you don’t talk to other people in a flirty/sexual manner.
and more over why would she be the one to pay for the gas to take you to work?
>to try to soften the mood, i divided to start with a joke, so i plainly called it “sloppy,” .
living together has obviously detracted from your friendship but room mates are always difficult.
seems like you're looking for a scapegoat.
it would be completely different if she knew your kids and ex.
for instance in your text it would have been better to ask instead of commanding.
by going into massive debt anyway so you can party instead of focusing on school.
it’s nice that you’re such a good friend that you would loan him things but he’s not required to lend you something of his that you broke once just because you choose to do things for him.
it was your choice to buy drinks, you cannot force someone to do something just because you did.
find something new that everyone enjoys.
do you really need to be told why?
her therapist isn't asking questions about these things because she wants gossip.
it honestly sounds like you were trying to get her to say *something*, *anything* that you could use to flip this whole episode back on her >and she kept telling me to just go home because i looked miserable but i said no.
they would’ve at least given you advice on what to do.
easiest for everyone would obviously be for her to teach you, but if she doesn’t feel like it, it’s up to you.
but honestly, you were both kids, and hopefully you've both grown past childish nonsense like that by now.
- why the hell do you need to see karla?
you say it could be your fault, so you should be jumping in to get yourself checked too.
i think movies and tv shows give the impression of these angelic abused kids orphans just waiting for a home, but the reality is trauma messes kids up.
waking up late isn’t a thing that happened to you.
the world doesn't revolve around you.
puts her in a tough spot when she’s trying to get help and just talked about a suggestion
trying to say it’s because you grew up in a family of brothers who gave each other back rubs has nothing to do with this situation.
you’d probably want your friend to make their own opinion about you and not listen to gossip right?
my family had to live through hurricane maria.
you don't have to like it, and it's not going to actually create hardship.
he probably says he's ok with it now because he realizes you're acting crazy and doesn't want to upset you
a lot of the substitute teachers had a hard time getting any control of your class and she seems to have done so (to what extent, i'm not sure but the fact that you gave her credit on controlling the class means she's doing a decent job).
she was doing a rude thing, sure but it's her home and she can do wjat she wants.
the ones with kids get a little extra, as you intended.
reason 2: "my daughter is always gonna come first" - well, at least your partner knows now that if y'all end up getting married, his kid will forever get the short end of the stick from her potential stepmom
when your manager came into the conversation you easily could have said you two were just having a disagreement but instead you basically rat her out, despite not even being one hundred percent sure that it was, indeed, alcoholic?
it’s not wise if you have any type of secret clearance.
all without keeping her in the loop.
you didn't know her and didn't know how she would react so you shouldn't have shoved a disturbing image in her face.
it's possible he may have felt like you needed time to yourself or with your family, and it was an event you had both been looking forward to together (but also individually, i imagine).
they just don't give the outsourced billing centers that information.
and bff needs to say her peace then either get on board to shut up.
unless you are very wealthy this is beyond absurd.
and a very big one in my opinion.
you could have broken up with her without telling her that it's because she's bi, but you didn't.
you are broken up, she is getting an abortion and you're acting like this?
what you have going is a one-penis policy and frankly, it’s just not fair.
she has a medical reason why she has taken your food and has gone to lengths to hide it by replacing your food.
if i am in a shop or where i need to speak to someone i take them out.
she gave you the exact explanation you needed to hear (i.e.
having a good job doesn't mean you're entitled to have a young wife or anyone's attention at all.
it's pretty typical self-defensive behaviour, like those guys who send unwanted dick pics to girls and then calling them ugly bitches when the girl turns them down.
wait, that was a little harsh.
some of us do go to get our freak on and nosy cockblockers are not appreciated.
you've lived with your wife for for ten years, and in that time they've *never* pursued any outside relationships?
christmas came around and it turned out that he had gotten me a set of diamond earrings...in retrospect it was probably a cute gift (i was obsessed with earrings at that point in my life), but it felt as though he had disrespected my wishes in an extreme way.
if shes a bad worker, sure go ahead, try and do something about it but you only thought to get her fired because of this incident.
if you don’t win $100 in the lottery, you might feel sad.
i was still annoyed that it happened in the first place but what else could she do without a time machine?
sharing a room with your parents at a hotel isn’t weird.
i mean he didn’t choose the wedding to be in the bahamas.
definitely talk to her about why you might be uncomfortable, but don't presume to tell her that you know her needs better than she does.
you chose to engage with no intention other than to mock your peers.
she sucks because she's definitely not trying all that hard, and it seems like she misled you re: her intentions to get fit.
you should’ve helped this kitty, or at least called a vet/rescue.
and it certainly isn’t a smart move given that it’s still illegal there.
just because you are embarrassed by anime should not mean your friend cannot talk about it in public, if you really feel that the bartender was not enjoying the conversation you could let your friend now that you think he was just being friendly but beyond that i think you are right saying that it is a you problem
but please do break up with your bf.
it’s absolutely your decision not to marry a police officer, or an fbi employee, or a construction worker, or someone who works in any job that can be dangerous.
turning your back on chris for ((seemingly, perception is everything)) being friends with john was petty and ridiculous.
that you wanna go fuck some foreign pussy.
psychedelics are generally taken in the context of self-discovery and for an experience, hence the going on a 'trip.' for context of how big of a deal it is, i'm a 38 year old, professional mother with a master's degree, and i smoke pot every six months or so, maybe.
if you’ve really tried showing him how you feel, maybe he really just sucks and you should break up.
oh wait, my five year old didn't throw a fit about who wasn't able to come to her party.
she will resent you and you'll irreparably damage your relationship with her, and probably your own relationship with your wife.
and you cannot erase current and past you, whatever you do, so there's no point in trying: you can't run from yourself no matter where you go.
if you don’t want him to come over, tell him.
you may have some anger issues.
> i told her straight up not to make anything because her cooking sucks.
"my girlfriend wears granny panties, but its so unsexy!
if you really hate clubbing, there are other ways you can hang out.
wtf makes you so entitled that you feel like the money should have been sent directly to you?
i don't think you're stupid so it looks like you don't care about hurting your guy.
you feel your family treated you a little differently so you decide that you're going to take it out on her?
asshole might even be a strong word, i think your friend's use of "jackass" is pretty accurate, i think the word i would choose would be "bizarre".
you assumed he wouldn't be based off his past behavior.
in any normal circumstance, i would totally understand taking a 10m drive over a 1h30m drive.
if it was you would probably be eagerly looking for more ways to make money, so i’m assuming you’re financially secure.
make no mistake - people were killed at plantations.
yes, behaving this way is petty assholery.
how much you see them is up to you.
be grateful that she's no longer your problem and just move on.
although obviously she is a massive asshole without a doubt in anyone's mind.
it doesn't matter if he has more money than you, literally not at all.
so if it was dark and you were lighting up the back with your screen
it's not a harmless prank and yes
someone who spent 24 years of their life at a business at least deserves a verbal and written warning for something this minuscule.
i bet you're a bad tipper.
your dogs should be able to be home for hours without puking, and i don't buy the excuse.
i hate to see more people get brought down.
technically you can't control what you believe in either.
if he does it in front of company that's different.
it's a dog eat dog world man.
being bullied doesn’t justify being a bully.
you weren't the asshole when you didn't know she had a boyfriend, but once you found out that she did, you should've said no to it happening again.
she asked you not to report it.
split it evenly, or give it to cats or give more to you daughter to pay off her student loans, but if you give it all to her you’ll make sure she never has a good relationship with her brothers.
at the end of the day "that's not my job" mentality will only result in "find another job" mentality.
if you have a problem, show it to him.
both put their lives at risk daily for the public’s safety irregardless of their cause of death.
you do have a right to break up with her, if you're not happy with your sex life, but that's still not something you have a right to be angry about.
he is being friendly to you and instead of being friendly back you are just being an asshole to him just because you don't like him.
he does not appear to have any romantic interest in these women, but is rather clearly using them for sex and emotional support.
you should talk about how you feel to her instead of just ghosting, that's.
or are you willing to lose this person because you won’t work on it.
if it really is an unacceptable amount of noise - very loud and continuous, ask the building management about sound proofing as much as they can.
however, your mother is very much in the wrong for calling you an "ungrateful bastard".
wait so you went right for "something doesnt smell right" because of an auto response and your girlfriend accidentally starting a video chat instead of sending a photo?
second, you're kinda stepping over your own boundaries by saying you do emotional stuff, but then you are gating it behind sex.
togo boxes, plastic utensils and bags all cost money.
don’t apologize if you don’t want to, but understand that’s a bridge burnt and when they’re gone that’s a weight you have to hold.
clearly she thinks you are still into her and you just seemingly didn’t want to be alone until your other friends are free...
second, you say in one of the comments that she is taking computer science classes, but you don't think she needs her computer for every assignment???
the other possibility is that her bad behaviour was enabled by her environment her whole life and she therefore doesn't know how to behave better.
ignorant asshole &#x200b; you: > i was asking a question i literally had no idea how am i the ignorant asshole when i can’t ask a question???
if you’re too broke to get a nice suit from a department store, go look at goodwill for a nice pair of slacks and a jacket.
you know that as you’ve written it all down.
i lost count of how many times she tried to tell you she needed help and you blew her off, and that’s from your own story!
maybe next time leave a bad yelp review instead of destroying multiple peoples incomes.
they outweigh his *wants*, or should, but he's allowed to have needs too.
because honestly, it's the only way i could get my family to even notice i existed so let me get this straight.
i think you should have a talk with your parents, and try to apologise, while also trying to state your point
- sorry he treated you badly but that doesn't mean you get to destroy his property.
just an fyi, although it is extremely rare, some doctors will actually give a mother permission to smoke if her blood pressure and vitals are too strong without it.
if he's okay with cooling the jets and seeing where it goes then you will be way less stressed about this.
if your parents don't get out now, you should not have to listen to her complaints in the future.
>i’ve weirdly seen an uptick in posts and comments disparaging people who walk around playing music on speakers you've seen that because it's rude as hell to walk around playing music on speakers.
rules, specifically scoring rules in competitions, are there for situations exactly like this.
you're just perpetuating the stereotype in their minds of you being mean and abrasive, even if not threatening.
i'm not sure if whether to go with  or , but either way it appears to be that you ghosted all your friends including your boyfriend, and then expected him to still be your boyfriend when you came back, and then got upset that you've been slightly pushed out of that friendship circle and then admitted you didn't want to try and fix it.
your attitude is disgusting and petty.
if you need support from them co-attendance of a funeral isn't the only way to receive or give support.
calling someone a slob is an insult.
look at some of the replies the questions get.
she doesn’t need some old divorcee fucking with her emotions because it’s fun for him to be with someone 1/3 his age.
do you have a crush on her?
it would have been nice for him to share, but if your family has a first come, first served policy on leftovers then he wasn't wrong to eat it all himself.
look, i understand that it’s frustrating when someone doesn’t know how to properly interact with a dog.
likely, someone in that house knows who stole it.
honesty is directness is always healthier
you called him old, he called you young.
yeah, that streak of being with jerks continues with you.
in your post you have an excuse for everything and everything is someone else's fault, even your poor spelling and grammar.
you're the total, complete and always asshole.
shit sounds like some nice clothes were given so you should wear them and be happy.
because the point of secret santa is to be surprised.
which means she would have to accept your demand or move out.
he was trying to be a good neighbor by being courteous.
dress accordingly and stop making excuses.
by then the dog would be safe.
it's like peeing, if you splash yourself with your own, whatever, you'll clean up.
just because you happened to have the resources to "make sure you didn't stink" when you were homeless doesn't mean others do and doesn't mean it's a priority to them.
>"told her i was done with this because she couldn't be upfront with me and bailed on me twice to go see someone else." you wanted a casual thing.
after the first scare you should have gotten some birth control, or better birth control.
turns out that you're upset about her telling her friends that she...
some commentors pointed out that he went to bed at a reasonable time...
it’s safe to assume that the neighbours weren’t aware of the location either so he had to go in blind, i’m sure that if you were in the same situation as the neighbour and had to wait that long for things to be fixed it would be really frustrating so you’ve also inconvenienced them.
if you’re over your ex, there’s no reason you can’t be civil with her friends and family and support your girlfriend.
are you also going to try to dictate when they can have children?
if you aren’t in a prioritized lane (a lane where you can only turn a certain way instead of going straight) then you aren’t entitled to force someone to turn right.
you stole her food, then made noises while eating it, probably showing her the half eaten food you stole?
jeff's gotta be wondering why he was treated like shit and you weren't.
if only because you think anyone cares about your instragram handle
it's never okay to just give out people's private information like that.
not for looking at instagram but for your garbage attitude towards her and your relationship w her...
also, something doesn't add up between the above and: > i was largely absent due to work (construction) that frequently took me out of state.
, this is all really immature and petty.
as far as i can tell, your every assumption about her wanting any sort of relationship past friendship is just that, an assumption.
why are you working in a retirement community when you don't even have an ounce of patience?
info - was it a casual or full-time position?
she decided to let you use her phone so that you wouldn't be without a phone for a week, and you thanked her by taking her personal texts and sending them to some other people that had nothing to do with the situation.
and i don't want that to sound too harsh because you seem to already know the answer, but there it is.
next time just be clear about your limits and expectations for the night.
i'm sorry that you have a mental illness, but it does not mean everyone should cater to your every whim.
if you’re just brushing over how aggressive you were being,
if he was a jerk about it, then ghosting him would be a fair next step.
, especially if you didn't credit him in some way.
she said she doesn’t mind you subletting, so work with her to find someone you can both agree on.
the fact that you responded so harshly to her friend bringing it up as a joke is pretty gross too.
there's zero reason for you to punch someone because they're mildly inconveniencing you.
stop hanging out with them together if it bothers you
i grew up in boston, you don't do that shit.
all of that and building up your friend's hope and actually thinking she got the job is just cruel and not funny in the slightest.
i negotiated a remote position because it was not fair to my so to go back and forth with his life.
and good luck with that, you probably ruined your chances with the cousin.
if that's your personality, so be it.
you’re right in the sense that her decision to not send him could affect him later but he legally isn’t your son right now and she has final word ultimately.
hell vote 3rd party even but we've spent centuries without this power.
even if it is impossible to win them back over and build trust, it’s never too late to act with integrity.
i started to explain and apologize and he stopped me and said, “you don’t have to explain.
i'm not sure which is worse.
“because i like validation” “i’m not sure why i’m with him” how awful.
she doesn't really talk in it, so she's not like overbearing or anything.
because of the way you reacted.
it might make you feel better to yell at her, but you just as easily could have explained in a normal tone of voice that she had you worried sick, and you're punishing her for both ignoring her curfew and not letting you know she was going to be late.
you did the exact same thing that your supervisor was trying to do.
again, you stole from a child as a grown ass man.
she can make decisions for herself.
why does it matter if your birth plan didn't go exactly how you wanted it?
being too anxious to do one activity doesn't preclude you from doing any activities.
i can't even tell you how glad i am that i never stopped contacting her, knowing everything i know now.
if you’d like to keep your long term friends, apologize.
that can't have been a serious question.
- it’s your mom’s phone and she can do what she likes.
i would have a heart to heart with your friend later (not while she's tripping, or maybe the day afterwards), and explain where you were coming from.
i am assuming that cathy and sean cannot speak english, so it is up to your mother to tell her the truth about their health as told by the doctor.
it is her mother so there are many things you don't know.
- you all sound really young, it would be different if you were uncomfortable because that level of intimacy, but you were upset because the girl you like is showing affection to her boyfriend.
for minimizing your wife's feelings and calling her immature.you're used to your parents' shitty treatment of you, but she isn't.
she has the right to overnight guests as long as it doesn't violate the lease.
you're also a grown ass human and have the option of just leaving and going to get some food elsewhere if you don't like what's cooked.
equally as unfair to her housemates to be so stressed.
, they were together for 3 damn years and had only been broken up for 2 months.
and pretending everything was fine and dandy?
that is, without making rash decisions or name calling.
grow up and stop thinking the world has to be cool and fun
and if you start handing out quasi-punishments like transfers (when your staff don't want to) or disciplinary action then you'd really suck.
the way you’re doing this makes it seem like you’re playing games with fil.
the fact that you know he likes to run, jump, and play bite because he is a puppy is all the more reason he needs to be on a leash.
your sister wanted to see you and hang out and walked to see you in the cold.
you just didn't expect her to actually go through with it.
let it go, she doesn't owe you an explanation every time she doesn't feel like doing something.
seems like students dropping a class should automatically notify the professor, then they could have sorted this out earlier.
i'm a former smoker, but a couple weeks ago i had a really intense day emotionally and my stress was through the roof and i bummed a cig off someone.
the parent then decides whether it is appropriate for you to punish him or to wait until she can.
---she did something very sweet for you, i'm sure you really hurt her by being a jackass
the puppies are there for customers.
they shouldn't have taken your money without your consent and gambled--what if they lost?
- so uh....she’s ready to push a kid out of her vagina any day now and you asked her to bend down and clean up milk that someone else spilled because you were too busy playing a video game?
your title here is very misleading.
i think that both of you could come at this conversation more constructively (especially because she's part of your family) and you both might learn something.
sounds like these girls didn't really offer that intent with the pictures you're using.
there could be a lot of awkwardness, shame, guilt, negativity in general.
a gift is a gift and shame on you for giving a family item to a girl you’ve only been dating for four months.
you arent entitled to a bunch of free stuff
i'm sorry he has to experience this.
but is the guy not trying to move on and play a good game with his friends?
, you’re main concern about sexual assault is that a woman being sexually assaulted can ruin the assailants life.
i see a lot of them around my workplace.
then if they keep asking they become the assholes and not you.
also it is not weird to want to verify that the card is real and not a scam.
your boyfriend has enough stressful things going on in his life, and this seems like an excessive reaction.
and i don’t think you had any right to kick him out...of your *moms* house.
and made him feel like an outcast, and then when he was understandably hurt, you're now invalidating his feelings by saying he's overreacting.
and also a sociopath so i’m not even gonna explain why you’re in the wrong here.
it feels very selfish to me, the entire post.
he can go out and make friends.
also, that is good to know what areas you need more work in when focusing on leadership skills.
although i'd have gone the other way and called him mr.
i was just discussing this with my husband last night.
ending a relationship that you're not into isn't being an asshole, but abandoning ship when it's no longer sunshine and rainbows without trying to improve things is.
you said his daughter looks like a hooker and you insulted his wife.
it wasn't about *you.* it didn't happen to *you.*
: you want to get good grades but not work for them?
worst case scenario she doubts her relationships moving forward bc if your life time best friend can just one day disappear, how do you feel safe in any relationship?
once that happens, i guarantee you will be begging to only have to deal with your "current" stress level.
i understand you had good intentions but she was already traumatized.
if your dog is unable to keep down food, time is important.
i'm going to say  becasue while it's she's not directly working in computer science.
idk, maybe i'm just a bit old-fashioned, but i would be absolutely pissed off if my girlfriend had this kind of relationship with her ex, and apparently your bf thinks the same but just never told you until now.
this kid lives with his folks, and until he does they call the shots.
the waitstaff should know better than to comment on tips.
just because two people aren't exclusive doesn't mean they want to start dating each other's friends.
i don’t love cats but they’re best outside.
one last anecdotal note: both of my parents died while i was young.
you know it's a crappy system, but you're giving your money to business owners that participate in and actively profit from this crappy system.
people don't start out with the idea that they can drive an expensive vehicle on a low salary.
if this friend is important to you, go back to them and start an open dialogue.
you would have been an asshole if you refused to attend a party someone else was throwing on their dime and it was near where you lived, but no one should be expected to pay for and go on someone elses vaccation if they don't want to.
next time, just politely say you'll past from the beginning.
seriously?), her family let you live with them free of charge, and now you want to split the bills in half???
you should have budgeted your brunch money more carefully so you would be able to give a tip.
\- it was established as a dealbreaker, and you're trying to go back on it when you have one kid and another on the way?
the polite thing to do would be to buy something when you go in there to take advantage of the free puppy petting.
and second guilting someone into doing something is not cool.
are you willing to burn your relationship over this small debt?
you could have asked them to turn it down.
is she your girlfriend or your wife?
that being said, if she parks her vehicle on your property again, have it towed.
do you think if your boyfriend found out that he would be mad?
even though exact definitions of infidelity differ from relationship to relationship, i think most people would agree that your friend is cheating on her boyfriend with you.
you’re not obligated to go to anyone’s wedding you don’t want to, but throwing a hissy fit and throwing away a long friendship because you didn’t get what you thought you were entitled to is an asshole move.
smoking in public is always an asshole move in my opinion.
you might also be opening yourself up to a confrontation with an unstable person.
i’d try to reevaluate some of your ideas about women
she made it clear that she wants you and her time to just *be* you and her time.
it's only going to make her smarter at not getting caught, more likely to resent you, and more likely to do something stupid.
you need to move past this.
> she says she is too sick to do yoga.
you're also the asshole for using the word 'like', like , a million times.
first, none of your coworkers deserved or likely wanted to be exposed to your flu.
because that's the equivalent situation here.
it embarasses the other person, but it also makes you look trashy.
sometimes you gotta sacrifice for your partner, especially something small like this.
regardless of your intentions, you broke into people’s personal accounts and that makes you an asshole.
there are ways to do limited democracy so you still give people choice without letting things get derailed.
i guess it’s natural though since she’s being accused of a crime or at least something immoral.
also, don’t be the guy that hangs around his high school after he graduated, it’s cool to your friends but there’s a few outsiders that are going to think you peaked in high school because of it.
they don't deserve to have pets.
they are ordering for you anyway.
it also means you aren't willing to stand up for your friends when they are being trashtalked.
- you still owe her an apology even though your reaction was very understandable.
this is what happens when we focus more on the perpetrator than the victim.
why not start an honest conversation about it instead?
if so, that would make .
try to get him a gift or something to apologize.
he already he acknowledged you did most of it but instead of leaving it at that you felt the need to take even more credit and go on to say that even the work he did do was bad.
that is what parenting is about.
not sure how you thought that would fly.
you said "let's just be friends and not worry about sex" and she agreed.
can you not find another person in a world of 8,000,000,000?
why are you even friends with or following her on facebook?
you should probably apologize to him, just tell him the truth, perhaps show him this post.
you're an asshole for not offering to pay for them the moment you broke them, and putting up a fight about it now.
i don’t know you, but that’s a very good question and certainly a lifelong friendship is worth pumping the brakes a little to find out.
but you're making a problem out of nothing
you care for her, but you can care for her in a platonic way, which seems to be what you want.
assuming you are on a regular dorm floor it's not particularly reasonable to ask her to use a likely crowded bathroom for blow drying her hair in the morning nor is it reasonable to tell someone they can't use the lights or open the shades at nearly noon.
the entire reason for the wips is for you to notice.
if ur so picky, make your own plate or way at home.
you placed and kept your hands on her breasts for hours without consent?
do something with your life if money is so important to you.
it’s also a nice way to get a break while the other parents take turns looking after them in groups.
do you have a strong man and woman, and everyone else is meh, so a show that focuses more on the mains would be ideal (like legally blonde)?
one of the big obstacles we have in getting dogs adopted is that people think rescues act like the two unsocialized dogs you have.
your boyfriend is going to be living with another male and female - so it’s not just him living with a girl?
but for not telling him and making him wait around for nothing
why would you even care if someone overtakes you?!
imo this "he/she might be bullied because he/she has two moms/dads" is only a bs excuse.
it sounds like your pregnancy has impacted her negatively; perhaps there is a reason for this?
you spread lies about this girl to get what you want.
i know it sounds like your family is being petty towards you but you're not doing much to help your own situation with them either.
if you want to blast music, buy a house.
if so , if not  (you messed up, and him being mad is justified, but you're not a horrible person)
>if im able to make both work shouldn't that be the best option no, you're not able to make both without straight up ditching ur gf.
you'll interpret the smallest intimacy as flirtation, and the smallest distance as blowing you off.
if anything i’d just be happy that he feels comfortable talking about himself with me.
to you this girl means nothing, but to your girlfriend she is significant.
caring about others isn't "being a baby", it's basic human decency.
you just got to let it go
don't do your friends dirty like that.
it’s not up to you to decide what constitutes trauma.
not for the way you acted when you were grieving, but because you ignored a friend because she said “oof”.
how is that a good experience for you?
you planned this outting together for months and now you are cancelling half of it, not because you have to, but because you are choosing to.
please think of others, nothing is more irritating than an inconsiderate neighbor/roommate.
you let your emotions dictate a professional decision when you should've made a review when you had a more level head.
for not asking before putting the curtain up.
, first off you title has nothing to do with the story.
is that really the best reason you have for remaining in a relationship?
you don't need to answer anyone but yourself with these but if you reach out and he apologises, 10 years of pent up anger may have been for nothing (which sucks because anger takes a lot more energy out you than the person you're angry at).
is it possible that you were flirting back with this girl?
not his fault you missed his call, or that he missed yours, or that you were unable to locate your ride.
some other things that i've tried are throwing a few hot/cold packs in the freezer and taking them out before bed.
nothing breeds resentment like an evening trip to the er with 4 little ones in tow.
your aunt saw you having trouble taking 'no' for an answer and become aggressive/argumentative to the point where it ruined her night.
for asking your passengers to split the cost of gas between them.
don’t make her feel bad for wanting her body to be her own.
12 is old enough to respect other people's property.
the example joke you wrote wasn't even bad or cringy.
time will tell if this was one of those moments.
i was thinking this was going to be like a $2000 guitar but you bought a vintage gibson, one of the most expensive guitars *on earth*, without consulting her.
in the sense that you know what's causing her problems, you know the reality of the situation, it sounds like you know you don't want to propose to her, and yet you're kind of stringing her along anyway.
i know it hurts, but you acted childish and like you can make decisions for this girl.
he was convinced you cheated because you did cheat.
because parents worry like that, especially if you just suddenly can't be contacted.
personally, i would have asked for the chips to go, but i think the best way to tell whether  or not would be the tone.
if she wants to relax on her phone while in bed, she's 100% fine to do so.
i've had hellish work days and get really absorbed into whatever i'm doing, but if i'm going to be late even for a regular dinner, i still send a quick message.
you expect a teacher to write a thoughtful recommendation for you but you can't be bothered to write a thoughtful thank you?
but you continued to push her buttons by choice then leave.
this wasn’t a fling she was seeing casually and i can’tsee him being in the mindset to jump to you, and i definitely can’t see you maintaining a friendship with sara.
she even slept over one time on this guys house.
news flash: not everything revolves around you.
but dear god make it about something else.
even if he was being sarcastic with the thanks, it's still a petty response from you.
you know he likes to ride and watch vids of bikes; find some new ones if you're bored or just limit your time together to riding.
in what way did you expect this to be a lesson?
define your relationship or end up hurting each other.
i don't think a big one but i do think you're the one in the wrong mainly because it's their space, and even though you're helping out a lot you're not a roommate you're a guest in their home that they're letting you stay at.
they may have been on a break, or just before/after their shift.
they should respect time limits and staff, but you're being petty and overreacting because you’re waiting for a group you don’t like to finish playing a game you don’t like so it’s your turn.
he *did* tell you about it, right there, in your own post you say he did.
i can see why they don't trust your word and judged you on your actions.
everyone has hair on their toes and fingers, some are just peach fuzz, others are darker/longer/thicker/more noticeable.
1) many women don't want to accept a ride on a first/second date.
if they are, they're either a creep or know her enough to be aware that she is no longer with her ex.
sometimes you have to just spell it put and say you're not interested.
you're thinking of media execs, advertising specialists, and *reporters* who are different.
"do you wanna cuddle?" "yeah but can you spoon me so i can read this thing on my phone?" "sure." or "hey let's cuddle." "sure but just hold on a moment, y is texting me." you will find its much easier to communicate if you're not angry or pushy.
flying sucks for everyone - she payed for a seat that reclines, she gets to recline.
you are also contradicting yourself by saying you don't care what people believe in as long as they are not hurting anyone.
you had every right to say you were angry in a calm voice, which is what classy people do.
the second time makes you an asshole.
would you be okay with him telling you that you can't hang out with your friends?
when you borrow something like a chair there would be an expectation that it would be returned shortly thereafter, not kept for days as your daily chair.
maybe to reassure himself that he's straight!
, i have no idea what you're talking about, but i bet you own swords.
when i was a kid we had neighbours that would go in and out of our yard and leave the gate open.
she was an asshole for being a jerk to your niece, but it’s hard to know whether belladonna is any good at her job or if you just don’t care for her personally.
not letting anyone copy is a good call.
it was thoughtless and showed a complete lack of respect and care for your bf’s feelings.
, play a game where there aren't winners, like minecraft or an mmorpg.
pretty much the whole time i heard tales of how he could become a twitch streamer if i'd only be more supportive.
it isn't your property, and it's not up to you to decide they are an eyesore.
you can't say what the rules for being able to go on the trip are *right before the fucking trip,* you jackass.
because it seems to be happening frequently enough that you and her both realize it's a pattern.
also saying > but it’s annoying when they think i’m being an argumentative person just because i think differently about things than they do and then admitting that you just like playing devils advocate is not very honest at all.
so while it sucks, you did sign up for this so it’s your responsibility to help.
you knew you were wrong which is why you hid your actions.
you're an asshole for making the entire thing about you and not considering your friends.
unless they're unwilling to make any compromises (and you've tried arranging other times) etc.
he’s doing his job and you were trying to retaliate.
- he should have been more thankful, the way he acted was rude.
, she doesn't get along with your parents, forcing more interactions between them probably isn't going to create more peace in your life.
- you called the police based on prejudice.
that's literally what a troll is.
you didn't ask them to clean up after you, but they *had to.* :( you got black out drunk and messed up on a few occasions, and cait is allowed to set her boundaries.
maybe she'll be ready for a new pet someday but that's for her to decide.
you really, really need to check back in with him, apologize with all your heart and make it clear that you are a safe person to share his feelings with.
however o used to serve and bartend and when people pull that shit it's nerve wrecking.
, your son wants to go on this trip and his mother has paid for him to go.
you are being a busy body.
maybe we should turn down their very generous gift because they could use the money more than we can right now."
>preemptive aita is a wibta fyi.
it took some serious life changes and an intense amount of mc and ic to realize that i had almost single-handedly destroyed my own marriage because i liked to smoke weed and neglect my wife.
shp, though if its real  do you think europeans don't go to the middle east either?
as someone with depression, letting other people know about it is a *huge* deal.
you are being petty by ignoring him.
do it infront of them and see what they would feel, youre playing safe and do it behind them because youre a pussy.
they aren't livid because it's another couple, they are livid because these are total randoms from craigslist that will be in their home.
it's not always easy, especially when he's *very obviously being stupid,* but you should always try your hardest to avoid saying things like that.
that’s probably why you don’t feel good about it, why you don’t feel like you “won”.
he could have been better about this (although at 14, it's unsurprising).
you can slow down, pedestrians cannot.
i’d counter that it was brave of this person to give it a shot.
let her have her win, she worked her whole life to get there.
if needed, expand further by stating he is interfering with you learning and he may end up breaking some of your property.
, the trip was booked, you can’t not pay for it just because you found out at the last second you’re not going...
its almost like asking someone struggling to pay rent "have you considered just living in your summer home?"
and that's literally because she's coming overseas to visit you which i assume doesn't happen very often.
i hope for a relationship like your so has with his mom.
you're asking to get dragged out of the car and beaten.
unless i can get some left out info that persuades me otherwise.
i care about appearance too so i get where you’re coming from, but don’t try to force people to do things they don’t want to, especially when it isn’t hurting anyone.
the "poor college kid" and "meager" funds are just to drum up sympathy.
my friends did the same thing to me, hopefully he knows you’re just douchey.
2) you're holding her actions against her, even though you broke up with her and she assumed you were apart.
if a is the asshole at other times then talk to her about it, or try to be more assertive in the moment.
if you want other women leave her alone and let her find someone who will tell her she's the most beautiful woman in the world (like my partner says to me even though i know i'm so-so) she deserves so much better than you and no woman should be exposed to a toxic person like you.
"our parents raised us to be caring and giving" but you want your family to disown your 18yo sister?
your brother is an assholes for letting everyone fix his problems
you don’t like the way she treats people?
it's not unreasonable for them to expect you to pitch in.
there could be 30 year olds getting out of long term relationships who’ve only had one partner, there could be 20 year old women who have had sex with 10 or more people.
there's no weather too cold for a child, only the wrong clothes.
on the flipside, how she's doing in class is really none of your business.
i know i might be missing a lot of specifics but in the end, good friends help you grow, one way or another.
- in the case of the bridal fair.
of course you have time to speak to your girlfriend.
you are feeling insecure, that's pretty normal in long distance relationships, but you either trust your partner (in which case there is no reason she needs to tell you) or you don't (in which case there is no reason for you to be with her).
you also said that he never gave you reason to believe that he was unfaithful.
yeah you're parents are mean, weird and overreact but fuck sakes 15 years, how long does it take to learn something.
i can understand why it would upset you a little, but surely you can see there are bigger things to worry about right now?
plus, that joke wasn’t even funny.
the university puts the classes wherever they want/wherever fits.
maybe tonight he would enjoy having drinks and not being your chauffeur!
so it's not just "your" friends anymore.
get treatment for your anxiety and depression.
just say no i want it.
, but  if you ghost her.
so yes, everyone sucks here but you're the biggest asshole in the group.
especially something it's unlikely you could replace.
it’s in their nature for cats to bring dead animals as a gift/for later consumption/etc.
if you wanted to talk, get up and talk to her.
but overall getting a sperm donor is also better cause you have *some* family history which can help diagnose medical conditions and other stuff like that.
kids could be running to catch the bus and you not see them (or they don't see you).
that being said, the way you're going about this sounds super ungrateful and dumb.
- look, i'm not saying that her bf isn't a creep.
if you were willing to join in, even as a low-level character in a group of max-levels, that would be fine.
she is a full time mom and she works and you think she has free time?
i know you were offended but really they weren't hurting anybody and were having fun - it just wasn't your kind of fun.
your wife is growing a whole other human inside of her and you’re worried about 15-20ish pounds?
you lost your cool, started swearing, and told your fiance he's the reason you're going to fail?
and so is his fiance for going along with it
you forget minor stuff that's .
i can definitely see what you mean by saying he killed the mood (cause he did) but you shouldn’t have called him out on it.
i just apologize and tell her that i didn’t mean to be mean.
the day is no better, baby is still around and needing stuff all the time.
not for the 15 minutes, but for not understanding that what you did hurt your bf.
don’t lead her on, that isn’t fair.
it's not your job to go out with them, and you don't owe it to them to do things you don't enjoy.
but this is both of your responsibility.
&#x200b; that, or have a little bit of fun with this gift game; you each pick a random store you aren't familiar with that's nearby, and the other person has to try to get a gift for you from that store.
you're right, your parents arent obligated to give you a place to stay rent free.
he could have in the moment thought you were passing out and he was trying to keep you awake.
but overall i will say , because cheering and booing during a game is what fans do!
~~ ~~ not anymore, read bellow she is not into you.
you sound like a crappy friend.
you should be proud of your little sister following in your creative footsteps.
why should she continue to wait when it is clear you won’t be done in time, and didn’t care enough to wake up early to ensure she wouldn’t be late on account of you.
but you sound so proud of stealthing around and secretly taking pictures of her that it's a little unsettling.
that's just snooping and uncool within itself.
, you may not owe her "money or jewelry" but you do owe her gratitude.
how would you feel if someone did that to you?
how frequently your brothers girlfriend calls him is between the two of them.
but the minute you lied to ditch him and then drove off without him was an incredibly douchey thing to do.
if your penis was scratchy, an inflamed you would sure as hell want a doctor involved.
forward of him to invite you to meet family so soon, but  for asking him to ditch the event with his brother entirely to do something just you two.
you know, life and death tend to be big issues for people.
you sound like a hateful “little bitch” to me, and your brother should kick you out.
not just for grabbing her hoodie but just...
shes growing up and doesnt have time for you and what you think.
i am similar to you - not religious at all and have many muslim friends that don't speak a lot about their religion and i don't know much.
if it really was an incident, not a greater indication of your character and suitability as a partner ...
dinner and sex can be like any regular date night.
this is out of the control of the people you talked to.
you sound like an immature child.
honestly the mother is completely unrelated, and it's definitely not the reason she's so mad.
judge other’s choices in silence unless asked for your opinion.
&#x200b; does it even need to be said , bordering on shp?
not going to the reception is something you're going to regret for a long time.
if you are not willing, just break up with her.
it turns into some real /r/choosingbeggars shit really fast.
yes, break up with your boyfriend.
none of this is anything to be get mad about.
for making her feel shitty about herself in the beginning, but for this specific instance i think you’re just clueless.
you are always right to verify a child is going with the right person, however, you are always wrong to assume how that person should look.
but man, i'd hate to cave to someone being that bratty.
if you don't like it turn that feature off.
you can’t make someone want to be with you.
you're being self absorbed and myopic around this issue.
why not grab them both and then eat them back at work together?
many heated food multiple times and it got cold again.
my time outside of work is limited since i work long hours and bc i'm a busy person.
i understand not being comfortable with confrontation, but you can’t live your whole life in a bubble disregarding everyone else’s feelings
there’s no reason to have mentioned this...
i think you should be proud at how much you’ve overcome things given that you were dealt a rough hand in terms of your teenage years.
but anyone who doesn't support their spouse probably shouldn't be in the relationship.
she could still have had a nice solo trip to tokyo (justified since losing the passport is your fault and your own problem).
i can’t see how it would ever be justified that you didn’t and they have to do more.
do you really need to use the word that badly?
your parents did everything they could for you to ensure your success and now that you are in a good spot you won't even listen to your mom talk.
your friend will ultimately wonder if you e snooped in her stuff too.
you told your wife you wanted to explore sexual and emotional relationships outside of your marriage and you got mad she had a reasonable reaction.
if you are not in a commited relationship then you need to protect yourself from stds.
if you get in a car wreck i still expect you to come to work?
to me it sounds like this isn't a once a month thing, more like a once every other day thing and if i was your neighbour i would've complained a long time ago.
quietly expressing your own version of grace without demanding others join in is exactly how devout people should balance honoring their beliefs with recognizing that not everyone shares them.
if you were giving him the money and not explicitly lending him it then he has no obligation to give you it back, it’s more a mistake on your part spending that much money on a very short relationship when you had no idea if it would work out
nasty people aren’t pleasant to be around.
you're lucky to have gotten this far in life without getting punched in the head.
, assholes a strong word, but this would just be a dumb move.
you should have proofread before you sent an important thing like that, or at the very least have immediately noticed and corrected it.
even more for posting someone’s private note to their loved one on reddit.
not everything in life is competition, and i hope you have to take an ethics class before you get thrown into the rest of society.
and you’re doing it to make new friends?
but that’s kinda weird that you followed one of her friends that you haven’t met.
, you admitted that your own actions made you in a bad mood and you are overweight which she makes fun of.
better to say "yes?" or "i'm here, what's up?" or "mom?", which shows attention and not irritation.
based on her good record you should give her the benefit of the doubt.
you make it sounds like you're upset that she has the ability to be your sugar momma but isn't doing so.
if she had told your unemployed ass to hit the road and you had ended up homeless, do you think you'd have the career you do now?
“sorry kids, we live in an apartment complex that doesn’t allow trick or treating so you’re never going to be able to experience a cherished american tradition”
i would just forget about it.
but it doesn't really matter whether she's right or wrong.
i agree with your roommate - it's not about the money, it's the lack of respect and inconvenience.
because he helped when you refused?
as for your question, you should do neither.
she does however get points in her favor for not bringing up the “irish were slaves too” thing that was likely made up by 4channers in order to trick baby boomers online.
that’s from her realizing that you never gave a fuck about her besides what you wanted her to give you.
by sending a dick pic you saved her the trouble of having to meet you to assess your creep factor.
and if you can’t make your case while staying on the right side of that line, it’s much more likely to fall on deaf ears.
i am going to say  but i'm going to clarify.
somebody straight up fucking told you that she had feelings for you.
if you have any care for your friend, pay attention to him.
do you really think you’re much different than them?
people are grieving, and the ashes are a tangible part of their loved one.
you didn’t have to like their jokes but you could have respected their time together instead of blowing up and then stomping off like a child.
"if she rejects you, she means nothing" are you for real?
look, if you can't handle dog poop...
she didn't go to bed with you out of lust.
he is the same person you connected with....
it's not like you're hosting it, is it?
but unless he nags you guys about them, he knows that they will continue to just sit there because you’re all a bunch of fucking slobs.
very obviously not the thing she doesn't like.
final thought; you're an adult and only responsible for yourself.
why not go into another room?
i know your told you dont have to bring anything but, typical workplace culture says if you don't bring anything you probably shouldn't eat the food everyone else is bringing in.
so, the group saw that but because you're sensitive to it you didn't.
not be told what i can do and when.
she's supposed to be your partner, not your assistant.
and you're holding a grudge about this for years?
have you considered other solutions such as using her full name for the conference room?
at college age, threatening to shame your parents publicly over a plane ticket is pretty horrendous.
unless she is breastfeeding, there is nothing that she will do that you can't also do.
you didn't care enough to spend time with her.
wouldn't you mind if he caught you doing something he thought was sinful and immediately kicked you out and gave up on you without trying?
ok, i believe this is what the previous post was referencing.
i think you were jealous that she had been intimate with a mutual friend.
breaking up with someone because they are attracted to more than just you is ridiculous.
you don't know what lies beyond the superficial.
as a teacher for that age group, you should have a lot more patience and show more understanding.
“sorry but you can only bring your normal son?” he’s part of their family.
you should pay the bail.” is the equivalent of this.
he finally shows interest in something you want him to be interested in and you get mad...remove the fact that you’re not going and just think about this for a second...
after reading your posts elsewhere in this topic, i have to say  in a major way.
even by your own admission, it is 25% (so not an insignificant share!) of an optional event - that by all rights you should be paying for completely yourself.
yeah no wonder she's detached/clueless about indian culture.
you can ask him not to play it in front of you if that’s reasonable (say he has his own tv or room, that’s reasonable) but you can’t ask him to not get something he likes, and then when he does, demand he pay you for your own problems.
sounds like you've made up your mind and just want validation.
doesn't make it right, but with the information at hand i would definitely say that his feelings are not entirely misplaced.
as somone raised in a lower income household, my parents tried to shield us from that aspect in any way possible.
it’s possible that she was harmless but i see your concern and frustration.
plus she has taken on someone else’s kids?
you should’t ignore his texts for one, going on two, days just because you’re mad; be adults and work this thing out.
you literally said if anyone has a problem with you, they should call you out on it, then got mad when they did.
like, really, we can't listen to the coverage on the radio?
you've admitted that their high value isn't really what drives you to keep them, moreso the memories.
you overstepped by making a lot of assumptions on what was going on in her wedding, who would be bridesmaids and that you would be one.
look, i agree with you but mediums do give some people a whole lot of solace.
you kicked her out because it was your special day, but is it not also your husbands?
the wife hadn't said anything to you at that point.
fyi, your niece would not be a legal us citizen.
moving on would have been the best approach.
eeeh, i think your time frame is too short.
having bipolar disorder does not give you an excuse to throw a tantrum when you don't get your way.
i’m also assuming you aren’t french as you specifically pointed out “my french friend” so i can only assume you have zero idea of the cultural importance that building may have on the people of france.
i feel like teamwork is not happening here when it should.
, not for wanting to live comfortably that's perfectly fair, but finding a job within walking range of your home isn't as easy as just finding a job anywhere and that can take time especially if you don't have the kind of experience that would make you a highly desirable employee, which i would assume is the case here since you guys seem to be pretty young.
he has every right to look the way he wants.
you're extremely selfish, and you're using the "she brought this on to herself" (which is not even true) as a mask for your own laziness
it's to pay respect to your grandfather.
, understandably babies are super needy and high maintenance, but you've got to be able to handle caring for your child for the weekend without your husbands help.
your son is hurting people and you're saying "but he's such a good kid otherwise!" that's bs.
also, anorexia is a lot more dangerous than being overweight.
- he still acted wrong of course, but seriousely: where was your initiative?
&#x200b; you not only cheated by using drugs to help you in a sport, but even if you abuse adderall infrequently, it's going to eventually mess up your brain chemistry, or worse, you're going to take it more often because you enjoy the benefits and don't consider the potential consequences to your mental health.
you don’t want to be responsible for anything happening to his 3ds, but you both handled the exchange poorly.
you need to have an adult conversation with them, so act like one.
> i know it is her house and she can do whatever she wants, but the fact that she assures me i can stay there while studying and ignores my attempts to solve living issues irks me.
they're not your grades, your tuition, or your business.
for some things, two weeks is plenty of time.
turning off the movie while she ate breakfast isn't an attack on you, yelling at her for having different priorities is an attack on her.
&#x200b; source: was bullied relentlessly based on sexuality, have been suicidal before.
dogs are pack animals; they *need* companionship.
you may be the only one she feels safe enough to ask.
why does he bring it up when he knows you won’t give in?
\- you say no and then tell her you don't care, and then tell her you thought she did all the decorating and christmas celebration for herself, which makes it sound like you think she's incredibly self-absorbed.
you are responsible for them and the hurt they caused.
- just say no thanks and move on.
stop raging and i guarantee he will come back.
it's ultimately her decision; what you want for her doesn't matter here.
of course i was trying hard, i wanted to make these look incredible for him and being not super confident in my own body it took me hours to stage good positions and lighting.
you were being a complete dick.
staying "late" 1am with a group of people is something to be expected from a college student.
prepare meals ahead of time that she can microwave when she’s dead tired and you’re traveling.
you need to figure out a way around your feelings or to work through them with a therapist.
it was a tantrum, because you didn’t give her an opportunity to apologize.
if you come into the kids life that late, you don’t get to decide to parent them especially when the bio parent pushes back.
helping a friend not a job and you are seeing a job.
if you do not want to deal with him anymore, that's fine, and this alone does not make you an asshole in my opinion.
you left your wallet on the train but because i’m not a piece of shit like you i thought i would return it.
your priorities from when you were younger and your priorities now are different.
as it stands, you sound like a hard person to have a relationship with.
you don't have to agree on this, or like his parents.
and no, “rough sex” doesn’t mean you have to aggressively rip his clothing off.
you sound petty and bitter grow up and be better.
5 years and a breakup over text is a slap in the face.
it is true, his house, his rules.
you said yourself it’s a high stress job, sometimes people forget things.
over time, if you control yourself reasonable people will see your work and let you back into the group.
that's some slimy emotionally manipulative shit and you're using alcohol as an excuse.
some snakes *are* dangerous to small mammals and you can't just expect them to "get along" because you want them to.
hope the party goes well.”) and do your bbq some other night of the week.
, emotionally blackmailing him in order to stick with status quo.
i've had unreliable family members cancel on me over and over for bs reasons.
what he was doing while you were driving was very unsafe but you leaving him stranded wasn’t very safe either.
you liked a girl and she rejected you, it sucks and i know how you feel.
you had parents who were wise, pragmatic people.
especially if this is their first, let her do this for them.
do you see them saying that they chose this way as bragging because they got away with what you see as less work?
i don't care if the co-worker is male female cis trans gay straight or martian...
speaking of -- throwing someone else under the bus is shitty, don't make other people your excuse, she now probably thinks that he told you not to tell her you were here.
she asked that you pay your own ticket and you came off as someone who may have in fact been using her for her money.
part of being in a relationship is supporting your partner, whether it’s something you want to do or not.
young children have next to no control over their emotions, and don’t really understand what they are feeling.
that said on balance they are bigger assholes than you but it sounds like their hearts were in the right place.
this is the woman he's decided to spend his life with.
unless you told someone that you decided to eat there, then it was inconsiderate of you.
that's embarrassing and annoying for everyone, including the random people working out around you.
also, you might not know how she thinks of the people you deleted.
you don't know, but you're judging.
> i also wasn't under the impression that he was going to be renting out part of the house to anyone once i moved out--it was never something that he talked to me about.
because you allowed him false hope that you were still in some way together when that was simply not how you viewed it.
you likely made your classmate embarrassed for asking for help, you probably got under your teachers skin and you made yourself look like an entitled know it all.
because if they are right, he really might want to settle it with them instead of getting a notice from the county.
the performer can see you not paying attention.
cut the bullshit, you are not reacting to specific abilities of your kids, just pure age-based favoritism.
so that was one of them.
it would be one thing if your boyfriend has options, but he really doesn't.
you don’t have to “believe the stuff”.
, unless he is causing you problems by doing this.
when he then *apologised* and you *still* told him that he was a piece of shit and to fuck off?
your quaint views on work ethic have literally no bearing on this.
with you guys being so far away from each other i understand why she got upset about that.
"i will try to at least" you're not trying hard enough to pay for the next round, and it's clear that you're enjoying this treatment.
to me that makes you an asshole plus the fact that you only slept with him once and after you saw that it wasnt going to happen again you chose to confide in your friends for "support"?
your reaction is pretty bitch made, as well, though.
point 2: it's perfectly reasonable for a mother to give the child her last name in the event that she and the child's father aren't married.
you better hope she doesn't find out about this because if it was me i would leave you before you could say divorce.
especially not to the point of making them cry.
she's doing what she believes is best for you.
if you're not mature enough to have realistic conversation with her about these things then you're not mature enough for this step in a relationship.
you stuck your nose where you shouldn't have.
you treat her like this annoying yappy dog.
they wanted the best for you, and carried that out horribly.
there are several factors at play here, but i think you're both being assholes albeit for understandable reasons.
this just sounds really fishy to be honest.
it's not a bad thing; it just is what it is.
it is impossible to judge art objectively, so it makes sense (at least to me) that the judge would choose the winner based on his personal preference as what he perceives to be “the best”.
he wants to “die young” per a post, but his sister being fat is a problem.
he communicated what he was going to do, and he did it.
they would always be that person who ran over a cyclist.
if your sister is some olympic track phenom, it won’t matter.
i'm sure turkey will be fine if she is well prepared and trusts her guy friends to ensure she stays safe.
women especially will talk about men in the workplace that seem to be trying to make a move or whatever.
i've misunderstood philosophies, specifically kant and voltaire, before.
but you can set some more boundaries.
she deserves to make the choice to take that risk, however small.
with very few exceptions, anyone’s death is going to be a big deal to at least one person.
jokes are typically comical in nature, not mean.
- and don’t try to use “sjw” as a pejorative to try and get people on your side.
how about you get a job?
your friend was being a gem by cluing you in.
for not wanting to deal with her anymore.
sounds like he gave you enough while he was alive anyway.
"dont come into my room or else ill be naked, *dad*" like what the fuck?
then when she was talking to you privately and you sent that phrase to the receptionist she was mad because you were not respecting the 1 on 1 email and you ruined your trusting relationship.
yes, these people could be normal and down on their luck, or they could be criminals, or drug addicts or damage or steal your roommates stuff.
but when you say "your choices have forged your fate", i think you're ignoring half of the equation.
, ruined his relationship with her and ruined his friendships because you jumped to conclusions
as a bi lady, i found your response both hilarious and indecent, but i've been called out on my sense of humor many times.
she mentioned it early on but then left it.
anyone who sends that time of video - .
you don't have to call him handsome or manly, but calling him nothing is more sensitive to his insecurity than feeding into it
it’s not a ‘don’t touch a black woman’s hair’.
why should he be happy when he hurt you so bad, but you say you moved on and you're happy with your bf.
it's fine to make friends, but let them know you're not interested in them and stop wasting their time.
your imposing yourself on this group and asking them all to make accommodations for you.
and if you're concerned about developing good habits, read a blog like art of manliness or something like that.
if you or someone else in your family is immunocompromised then you should have again put this ban in a long time ago.
you're really pissed about getting high quality nudes?
no one is obligated to celebrate you.
and keep refusing to be involved in the bullying.
for continuing a dumb mind game.
why don’t you help out with the blood drive in other ways (eg volunteer) instead of harassing your friends?
not a perfect example, but it highlights the issue - you are putting the blame/responsibility in the wrong place.
you're adults now, and it sounds like you need to grow the hell up.
since his first gift was canceled he wants to get you something else.
you don't play games with his head.
there's a chance she'll regret it but it's her choice to regret, not yours.
why would you need to do this now?
let me say again, it is none of your business.
show him you care about what you've done, and not just that you're in trouble.
they had an amicable split and it's actually great that their kids get to see dad treat mom so well.
try to make time for the people you care about because that is the most important part of life.
3) it's hard when you're in the moment in a social setting to know what the appropriate response is to someone like this, to get them to leave you alone.
it sounds like you're disproportionately reacting here because you're angry about her alcohol use.
a well meaning asshole but an asshole nonetheless
there’s nothing inherently wrong with your “trash mountains” if you live alone so it affects only you, so you aren’t quite ta yet.
hang out when the baby is asleep.
is her retirement protected from you?
you can do what you want with your hair and your bf is an ass for hinting he would leave you for shaving it.
you should just be happy for her.
she did not curse you i’m an atheist too but i’m not going to make people change the way they speak to me simply because we don’t share beliefs.
if you can't handle that behavior that's fine, but i would definitely not repeat the whole "i don't want to be friends with this girl because she has a mental disorder" anywhere outside an anonymous forum.
that kind of pressure is terrifying and hard to deal with - you should want her to do what she loves, even if she sucks at it, because you only get better with practice.
between my girlfriend and i, we make sure to apologize to each other even if we don't think we were offended.
it's better for you and for everyone else.
that being said, secondhand smoke is not the same as loud music.
&#x200b; also if i were driving and someone started flashing lights and waving at me i would think they were road raging or being creepy, not friendly.
it sounds like you lack self-awareness of how your behavior impacts others....so an unintentional asshole, but an asshole nonetheless.
-- as a fellow teacher of literature and german, who will be giving failing grades to many knuckleheaded seniors i say this.
if you kept standing, than yes .
just gasp and say something like "jesus rodney, you trying to kill me?!" it's jokey and lighthearted but maybe he'll think to not yell/give you some warning beforehand.
and you want her to quit her job and be dependant on you afer only knowing her for a couple of months.
so you decide to unload the coins on the cashier?
that sort of thing can stick with someone forever.
you shouldn't keep messaging her though when she's made it clear she doesn't want to be messaged by not responding.
if even that's too much for you, then you shouldn't be dating this guy.
he deserves way better than you.
i can't speak towards your rationality under the effect of pills, but the moment you start to feel the slightest bit sleepy, you should pull over.
her dad gave her some money, which makes it her decision.
regardless of my always answer right away, there have been times where i was on my phone listening to music, saw the notification, and it just completely went over my head to respond.
the only thing you will accomplish by trying to break them up is loosing a friend because she will choose him over you.
-you’ve admitted you handled the situation badly, and hopefully apologies have been made.
it doesn't matter that you didn't know who he was.
that being said, if you cope better alone, i suggest either leaving after it’s opened, or requesting the information from afar after the get-together.
they’re all different so no one can know if  in the particular situation or not.
she will grow tired of moving, and your treatment of her.
however, they are still entitled to use these bathrooms without having their picture taken.
you are white knighting her hard, and wanting to post a pic of her to show how pretty she is, to justify you actions, is pretty much self explanatory
- if you want to move out like an adult, it's time to learn to act like an adult and not a passive aggressive butt.
how much of a petty asshole can you be to not send your ex a picture of the card for your daughter’s medication cause you want to be a dick to your ex?
you need to distance yourself from some you clearly cannot trust who abused your friendship.
she has every right to be upset.
he was kissing you passionately and doing things he enjoyed.
you and your girlfriend should both be more honest with each other.
sounds like you handled it pretty obnoxiously.they don’t control the weather and i feel like it’s something you should have known
don't blame ya boy, he's not at fault, you're just using a defense mechanism of projection to ease the pain you're feeling.
you are stressed, it is hard, but adopting your kid out isn't the thing to do here.
if you want day traders to hurt, hope for bad days on the stock market.
it sounds like you already are though in which case you've got nothing to lose by becoming a vegan!
that's not treating your wife like you love her.
but the idea of being expected to slowly take off someone’s sock and be blasted with foot fumes every day makes me want to vomit.
you managed to fit so much asshole into two short sentences.
too many toppings can easily result in an under baked crust.
you probably would’ve thought the same in her shoes and you both made the choice to have unprotected sex.
but again it's your call, so you should probably just disregard what i say.
- you can’t communicate your needs to your life partner and just blatantly ignore her?
are you honestly saying that you don’t want to be there for your grieving girlfriend because you’ll be bored??
"yeah but the world sucks, my view of it is the only reality" is not only unhelpful but makes this about you.
you said it yourself, she isnt obligated to tell you anything.
you two need to talk and figure out if you can be okay with it, she can stop if actually given the freedom to choose it, or if it’s so much of a dealbreaker you guys can’t be together.
and you're definitely an entitled ass hole, just because "he can definitely afford making me something different" doesn't mean he has to.
he was using words and you made it physical.
the wrong thing to say could change the course of a relationship.
it sounds like he's putting in an effort to be a part of the things you enjoy, with you saying he's more into vidya games and is softer, having him want to go to airsoft with you and these dudes probably should be saying something.
yes it sucks to not get sex.
if you're gonna have unprotected sex there's a really good chance that you're gonna make a baby.
parental alienation, illegal eviction, thinking you own everything because you "worked" and she was "only" a sahm.
for not being in contact with your parents.
high volume noise of any kind can ruin your hearing.
now that he’s saying that he does want to be in the band, you’re saying no?
- you borrow the car seat and you knew from getgo it was loaner anyway, just saying.
about this and in general, and probably shitposting for attention tbh.
if this is *your* dog like you said, then when you moved out, you should have assumed the responsibility for the dog and moved somewhere the dog could have gone with you.
she's done so much, but you'll never be satisfied because you are the problem here.
who starts shit with a store clerk over a loaf of bread?!
you haven't even known her that long.
, it's a shared driveway and you're leaving the work for them.
you did a thing that upset her, a thing that you promised not to do again, because you knew it upset her.
i think he probably did try to do what was best for you.
sorry "driving past a bunch of parked cars" scares you so much...
fucking pull the blanket off the bed, dispose of poop, throw it in the wash, and pull out a spare blanket and go to bed.
you have no idea the damage it can do, especially when it's bullying based on sexuality.
you knew you were supposed to go clockwise, you didn't, you made that choice, he asked you to go the right way, you continued going the wrong way, i don't even get why there would be any doubt here.
break up if you think you are not compatible.
it isn’t your toddler’s fault for being a toddler.
apologize for losing it and try to reschedule with your brother.
you need to tell her why you're ignoring her.
then i discovered her fetish was fucking multiple other dudes.
he didn't insult your art skills.
it's hard to tell exactly what happened because of the write up, but it sounds like it's your fault for not giving him the coupon.
you have the right yes but you’re subjecting everyone else ,who may not want to listen to you, to the noise you are creating.
even in your post you’re incredibly defensive over your actions.
you can either suck it up and make some happy family memories, or you can continue to be incredibly selfish.
they did what they thought would impress you.
and in some small way, your shitty parents.
to give some perspective: i believe the minimum wage for servers is ~$2.75.
if he's actually telling the truth..
your post is really confusing, you need to learn how to use a comma.
ffs you moron,  and so is your friend.
asking you to a dance and you saying no would be hard for her already, and then you turning around and saying "ugh i guess i'll do the damn thing" isn't going to make that hurt less, it's going to make it hurt more.
and that's really all you need to know that it's not your business and not your place to step in.
- it's common courtesy to rack your weights.
if you want another loving family member, then yes, by all means, adopt another dog!
you went around spreading personal information about her that she told you in confidence because she didn't want to be your friend anymore.
you had no right to question her behaviour tbh, it isn't questionable it just is what is is but here response was a bit ott as well tbh.
the fact that you claim you made something she might like disregarded all the other ingredients ow going off in the fridge because she is missing a key ingredient.
finances and venue limitations can screw with that.
i will say this though, birth can be super traumatic and (putting the baby to one side for a moment) it's not unreasonable to expect a friend to be interested in your well being after such an experience.
you are free to take her warning with a grain of salt if you want.
insulting and swearing at a friend by calling them an ignorant fuck is an asshole and immature way to argue and a disrespectful way to treat a friend.
, although both of you suck (you and your ex).
maybe they need to delay the release of a patch until later, when they have the support staff scheduled to monitor it.
she already said she enjoys it and it would be a real dick move if you remove her months in.
it wasnt like he wasnt going to find out in the end anyhow.
\> after all this my science class gets a substitute for the rest of the term and the substitute is the other feminist teacher in our school who is quite high up in power and she seems to do similar things to my english teacher and tells me off for no reason at all and will keep shouting at me.
h isn't a bank and you shouldn't be treating him as one.
if you're telling the truth and she's only providing bread than you either need to contact the police or get yourself some food somehow.
carry on like this and she is sure to leave when her circumstances allow.
also, tell your brother he would get better turn outs if he doesn't schedule parties during game of thrones in the future.
you can mean well but cause an unnecessary accident.
you are allowed to be upset and state your mind, but you are the asshole for throwing it away.
your parents' economic class, your nutrition, and your environment all contribute towards your development.
she was probably hoping to hear something nice about her body while she's feeling like shit (on her period) and instead she had to deal with you acting like a child over string and making her feel worse.
you do have some anger issues tbh.
at the soup kitchen that you’re only at because of him?
wow youre really saving the world by being "honest " whatever would your friend do without you
how many things do your parents pay for and don't charge you for?
you said you don't let her go by herself.
never to that extent, but i was just so self-absorbed i didn't keep up on my share of dishes/housework until my roommates confronted me about it, almost like an intervention.
she was at work to do her job, not to chase tail, and hitting on her at her job (by sending her flowers there) was inappropriate.
, not because you have other plans, but because you've evidently waited until her birthday to give her the news.
she’s likely sad, disappointed, worried something is wrong with her, etc and you could prevent it by communicating openly.
yes the test may have been hard but unless this is her first year teaching i doubt that she hadn't given a similar test before.
if you have your own place then, then go it's as long as it desnt disturb the neighbours too much.
and do you think the teacher is going to clean it anyways?
you took her own agency and privacy away and made a decision that wasn’t yours to make.
deciding to prioritize career over friends/family/relationships doesn't make one an asshole per se, but it does communicate to the people in your life that they are not the priority.
it seems clear that he was criticizing how the religion can protect abusers as it did his.
as it is, you're not helping anyone by deciding *this* is the hill you're going to die on.
&#x200b; these things work out sometimes!
especially if you agreed to do them.
are you actually so deluded, so convinced that the world revolves around your whims, that you think you would actually accomplish anything by this?
they set their prices, if you don't like them, don't use them.
she’s been having a hard time with things.
maybe that says a lot more about yourself than it does about them.
you're not her parent, you're a partner.
she wasn't asking you and you still decided to say something to put her down.
if he’s not working w/ professionals i highly suggest you encourage him to do so for long term stability
then yes,  and also quite narcissistic
as in, had she posted here about this, i would have advised her to run away from you at that point.
you haven't walked in their shoes, you haven't seen the things they've seen.
just don't say it that's it
you’ll probably be out less than $50.
itd be unfair for you to throw a fit about her attending.
it's fine if you are polite and civil but don't be friends with someone like that.
as the first option was not possible, only the second option was left, and he followed through.
not for being annoyed initially, but because "hey, don't do that." "sorry." "yeah, but you still shouldn't have done that." "i know, sorry." "yeah, but..." is a really annoying conversation.
she gave you a hint (not replying much).
small children are taught not to do that.
you might get better service if you're honest and keep them from wasting their time going down rabbithole's.
use private mode on spotify, you can simply turn that shit on and off, doesn't justify going off on your buddy who probably just wanted some banter.
you messaged happy birthday to your ex last year and she replied by sending you an unsolicited nude.
i'd recommend instead holding on to them and tossing them into a trash can.
her being an asshole once doesnt make it okay for you to be an asshole multiple times tagging her along.
- so you guys moved to a new place, you travel all the time, this family has accepted your wife in, and you’re upset because you’re not included?
stand down, knowing that your protest has been lodged, and that you'll have an advocate if the banker repeats his slow-pay ways.
i get that you were in a weird mental health place but you accused him of something pretty terrible, he had a right to be upset and his reaction was not disrespectful or immature.
he definitely should have made sure it was ok before he invited anybody else.
it would be horrible and annoying, right?
maybe the next time you have to replace a phone you can ask her to consult with you about which one you want and she may be willing to let you choose.
you may feel like she was wasting money but she was more likely trying to make you feel like you aren't so poor.
i just want to know about him from the person that he was with for many many years, and the final years, of his life.
it’s a freaking compliment if so - it means you look like all the things you want to look like.
but you refused to respect her wishes, and you went and instigated a fight with him.
driving on the shoulder is illegal and could risk an accident (though i agree odds are very small).
i don’t think you’re a monster of a bad dude or anything, but being a woman who works with the public, it absolutely sucks when you can’t do your job in a friendly and positive way without getting hit on.
he's even not dating you, why on earth would you expect him to make major life decisions just for your comfort?
in fact, you actively loathe him.
am i the asshole for not telling him when i notice that the condom has a hole in it?
you joined in on that routine without being asked, and laid down with them in bed (horizontal snuggling is much different than snuggles while sitting up and watching tv).
because you just told your wife sex is currently unenjoyable with her.
if you failed to do that, and she had to do it herself, then yes - that was your fault.
maybe his parents won’t let him quit the advanced courses even though they’re over his head.
but on the porn thing- you're in a relationship and you don't want sex.
just stay off the internet until then.
being sick is no reason to ghost someone.
you may be tired of his shit but you likely aren't ready to face things solo.
you could have gotten your ex fired.
cut the people out of your life, for their sake, not yours.
you were laughing at his ragequit.
could say "no" and choose another spot in the bar to hang out next time?
why are you trying to force your type of modesty onto your wife?
if you don't see them and you open the door and let go that's the difference.
especially since they have a history of doing so for their ‘date nights’.
she's not an asshole for making choices that benefit herself and her husband rather than her adult daughter.
go talk to a therapist or a professional trained in treating these kinds of things.
you're not a customer and you never have been, you're just loitering.
maybe he thinks the same things about you and what he perceives to be a "rape stare".
don't address passive aggressive behavior with more passive aggressive behavior.
your friends family are kind of jerks but her boyfriend is an asshole.
so why don't you try and offer your positive support (like going with her, helping her start, offering accountability buddy terms) before you throw in the towel?
what makes you all suck is your inability to sit down and talk with each other like grownups- you can't speak up, and he can't react rationally.
"cis" is literally just the opposite of "trans".
it’s your father’s money and he doesn’t want your ungrateful brother having any of it.
> i told her the police will be waiting.
despite her being allowed to live there by your parents, you continually seemed to attack her for petty reasons, and now that she and your brother have moved out, you're still criticizing her.
if your comments *were* during a formal critique of her work, then i think we're missing information because calling something generic doesn't get you sent to mediation.
maybe if you both start respecting one another you'll realize that there are much bigger battles to be won.
you should have made more effort to get educated leading up to this day so that you could have fielded this, or you should have arranged for some other form of backup.
when my husband came home, he was in "vacation mode" and didnt really mesh back into the family dynamic, because there was no reason for him to, since he would be leaving again in a short time.
but i mean, this is like a low 3/10 on the scale, maybe a 2/10.
although i really don't think you suck, because i do understand your perspective and your wife is a major asshole for thinking it's okay to keep drinking during pregnancy.
you’re really being an asshole to yourself though.
i agree that it's rude of her to talk loudly enough that you can't hear the concert, but it's not that other guy's job to quiet her down.
but you’re begrudging your sister taking a vacation after helping you full time.
you maybe the first person she has been able to talk so why give up on her before you give her a change
you come across pretty elitist/pompous, though.
while i totally get that there are weird people out there, and they probably shouldn’t have roommates, you’d be better off to just bide your time and leave peacefully then doing some dumb shit and getting yourself or him hurt.
i'm sorry to hear your struggling with mental health issues perhaps trying working on that first by staying on your meds, and seeking therapy with a professional.
he didn’t sign up to fist fight women relatives at your job.
this is what i am proud of".
it's not your day, wear the jacket for the pictures and ceremony and then take it off.
you keep saying you're weren't mad, but the way you acted definitely seemed like it.
figure out a way to get it done.
you stole her hoodie and are refusing to give it back just because you don't like the way it looks.
let her think she's the prettiest you've ever been with.
there are some things you can be insecure about without telling other people.
you need to get your dog trained.
she may have budgeted extra tightly to be able to afford them for you.
but basically, the abuse came full circle.
it’s unfair to them and incredibly selfish.
you could have just told her that you didn't feel the two of you connected.
- to just return the clothes to get money and get what you want does make you seem ungrateful for them spending money on you period.
they are first come first serve.
if it's nothing, or it's treatable, then you've got plenty of time to figure out a plan for getting yourself there that takes into account the fact japan is a real place with its own problems and disappointments and not some anime dreamscape.
which is to be expected from high school boys, but yes you are the asshole here.
, you're asking her to give up her dream position to live with you for a year, but you're ok with the fact that after that year you have to go somewhere random for 8 months and be apart from her again?
people that get upset about engagement rings not being good enough, when it’s the best the man can do really disappoint me.
i know it’s tough to deal with a conversation when you are physically/mentally drained and all you want to do is relax, but i would strongly suggest you work on it, ignoring people is a very easy way to push them out of your life.
tell your mum she's responsible for the lost shaker, so she needs to make up for it with a special meal :)
can you blame them for being angry at being lied to?
i could be really off base, but it sounds like your relationship with your ex was not good for your mental health and you have developed trust issues because of it.
ever tried just have a nice convo with her about her problems or even take her on a day out.
if they’re fucking for 15 minutes a day i would say  here.
if they had 5 customers a week do what you did that’d be a loss of like $10 in materials and even more in labor.
either way, the dog needs exercise.
there was probably a gentler way to decline her invite, had you actually given them a chance to ask.
the fact that he is a better friend than you are a boyfriend doesn't make her romantically interested in him automatically.
it is the unwritten rule that her boyfriend can be over as much as she wants - that's how it's always been, and you've never complained.
there are lots of ways to do that without coming off as rude.
you're basing your perspective on one situation in which she ditched one event.
if they are kissing, why even try to join.
for lying, what kind of marriage do you have that you can't tell your wife honestly you're not ready for kids?
, you're not just paying for the ingredients, you're paying for the staff, the place etc.
you’re now kicking him out of his bed in his room and expecting him to be happy to leave it.
if your girlfriend loves you then she's not going to judge you for where you came from, so you're doing her a disservice by assuming otherwise.
cant have a baby by yourself.
it’s going to make you bitter and resent the people around you.
if someone denied me the ability to say goodbye on my own terms i would be furious.
she fucked up sure, and she doesn't have to admit it if she cleaned it up.
now, i do think it would make sense to look at the bill with your roommates and figure out why it spiked the way it did though.
i think in her position i would feel like you didn't care what i wanted and you didn't want to stay with me long term if you did this without ever even mentioning it.
, if you had concerns about her behavior you should have brought it up with her.
jesus christ lmao i feel like she should break up with you and go find someone who actually deserves her.
sometimes you can salvage dried paint, so it's possible she could have still used it if you hadn't thrown it out.
just why do you think that would be ok?!?!?!
i'm not 100% sure of that, i don't know you, but you're here asking so i'm here giving my best guess.
you miss having someone to walk all over.
you're not entitled to his gi bill.
your roommate even tried to clean it off and got scratched, how would your roommate even know at that time that the cat was poisoned, didn’t you find out later because it was acting sick?
, let your brother go to college you prick, he can change his major if it doesn’t work out for him.
focus on finding a different job
god you are the reason why hate living in la.
you know her mother controls her life so how are you shocked this is still a problem?
even if you hate it, suck it up and do at the very least that small thing for him.
saying no one should ask her out then asking her out makes you an asshole.
, stop calling your friend autistic ?
but just because the expectation can be a little unreasonable.....
it’s a dick move to cook in front of your partner and say “this is just for me, you can order a pizza or something.” especially if she was looking forward to eating that food and you invited her over for that food!
it's a release, a way to relax, and even a way to keep from having premarital sex.
calling you a cunt is a little excessive (in the usa, that's a serious insult)...but you're definitely more in the wrong here than anyone else.
grow up and talk to him about your problems.
info if you have permission from someone who has a property over there you'll be fine.
it’s not okay for him to call your girlfriend a ‘lying bitch’ and not ok for you to be ok with that kind of disrespectful name calling.
if on top of having to do effectively everything, your wife is left completely alone when it comes to emotional support, and you tell her that on top of this 30 split you want to unwind/relax...
this isn’t a random woman you’re speaking to it’s your ex wife!
you knew the dog had a history of doing this, you knew there was no one to supervise it and you chose not to perform the logical action to prevent it.
when you say something like "the night didn't go how i expected" out comes across like what you expected was getting laid.
but he seemed nice and brought a good resumee, so if his gender really is the only reason for not giving him a chance that's a little sad.
that way, when this does not work out you won't have to uproot the kids again.
going to the cinema isn't one of them.
generally no one likes parking enforcement officials in general, so being a "pretend one" will definitely be seen as an asshole move.
she obviously tried to talk her child out of getting pizza, and it seems like she succeded untill you got involved.
never use the excuse that your job is harder than hers, that will not blow over well.
and you use this to justify how it's not so bad?!
so--you asked if she could attend; she refused.
set aside whatever differences and encourage this particular thing.
bonus *not asshole* points to you for not doing a follow up and knowing you don't deserve a response, tho.
y’all should have had this conversation when you were thinking about getting married, and you definitely need to have this conversation now.
you can’t solve a shouting problem with more shouting if you don’t understand/ask why there is shouting in the first place.
all of this, by the way, is because you’ve been bullying back.
, can’t think of anything more asshole-ish than marrying someone knowing, in your mind, that it’s never going to work.
why in particular aren't you okay with 5 year old boys wearing dresses?
she deserves to do college things too.
all dogs poop the same way.
fgm is far more physically severe than routine circumcision.
5) learn breathing, mindfulness, meditation, etc...
it sounds like you are not very interested in this relationship at all so why are you in it?
if you're so worried about what your son overhears, maybe don't take him to a restaurant that has a full bar.
he can choose to see a doctor or not to see a doctor about it, it's his choice.
people stick their asses out for you in reference and you just up and quit without giving a heads up.
* to be able to effectively argue without causing misunderstandings you need to understand her point of view.
a friend of mine went through breast cancer and i could tell how much happier she was once she got a wig that looked and felt real--a few times i even forgot and had a compliment on how awesome her hajr was looking on the tip of my tongue before i remembered it was actually a wig.
certain demographics of people (elderly, very young, lowered immune systems) can die from the flu.
a break every 2 hours while driving isn't that bad of a thing.
getting good at something takes time and practice.
because you are completely ignoring the wide world of educational games and television.
"oh but the sign is old -" so fucking what?
not a huge asshole but you are throwing family out (at who's expense?) when they need looking after.
the thing is shit like this can happen unintentionally.
talk with your ex before you make plans with your son during her custody time.
if op wants more help, they can message the mods asking them to unlock the post because they have more questions.
if you’re choosing to charge less for rent, it doesn’t and shouldn’t affect the tenant negatively.
but also so is your company (or whoever's pressuring you).
those kids need to be better taken care of and you're knowingly allowing it to happen because "you're not ready".
i'm guessing you were awkward, vague and/or downright cringy...
if his political ideas are so offensive to you, just don’t be friends anymore, no need to be rude.
and it doesn't matter that you didn't ask for the food she paid.
for complaining about your son being here for your wife's happiness as if you had no part in conception.
no one cares what kind of cars you drive or which watches you wear.
you may not be able to do anything about her having cancer, but that doesn't mean you get to ignore the cancer.
and again he wasnt angry, just disappointed that you made a stab like that in public.
try going for a run whenever they get busy.
if your anger is effecting your personal life over such silly things, you might want to see a counselor.
- if you're going to flirt with people in front of him and he's not allowed to thats really unfair.
you’re not a parent- you’re her moms spouse.
i've also gone to cons without him and he's gone to con's without me.
try to enjoy the rest of the trip you have.
you really can't ask for much more than that, it's not easy to lose weight while trying to deal with life.
how about getting the fuck out of bed more than 5 minutes before the bus comes?
i would never tell my girlfriend not to do this, but i would never have to.
- this could be deadly for the infant.
not to mention, you knew your score wasn’t going to get cancelled even if they were caught because you weren’t on your phone.
- you are right, it is *definitely* selfish and i think you're firmly in the wrong here if it's behind your wife's back.
keep in mind that the whole thing, while "normal" in a way, is still hard and even painful for many women, and the psychological impact you joked about is very real, which is precisely why you should not take it lightly.
if you didn't trust her, then you should have ended the relationship.
- i am fairly sure these medicines only alleviate symptoms and they do not make you get over your cold faster.
my dogs are not fond of any other dogs but if they start fighting, i'll drag them out of it.
edit - also, she has a job too.
2) you're fortunate you have loving parents.
other than that, she has driven me around only a handful of times, so overall i would guess that she has only spent $50-60 on me.
that girl doesn’t have a right to your snacks but that doesn’t mean you retaliate by tearing up her belongings.
you had every opportunity to apologise so many that people stopped you and told you to and you chose to walk away.
this is how gentrification starts, white people coming to see how the poor poc live.
fill out the damn college applications already or get information on a trade school or an apprenticeship you want and apply there.
- you used him while you were going through a rough time and got rid of him when it was over.
3 days after a breakup is pretty normal for anyone (not that the self-hate is good or anything).
, it’s her mother in major recovery vs a birthday party.
&#x200b; i hope you are happy and comfortable with the choice you make.
in your desire to load the dishes your way.
and you can't expect her to attend to you and your self-consciousness and need for validation when she is mourning a parent.
if they've decided they want to hang out together, you don't get a veto just because you can't come along.
if you want to prevent issues and are worried, pop a couple of leak detectors around sinks or the shower.
don't pretend you'd do that to spare his feelings.
this is going to be controversial, but you were absolutely an asshole.
we’re talking a failure rate from anywhere between 2% and 15%.
yes you put in hard work but luck plays a role.
you don’t have to be nice to someone just because they, in your opinion, utilize that as a prop to keep friends/avoid criticism.
and if you're gonna hurl abuse at each other maybe keep race out of it?
this guy honked at him for seemingly no reason, and then *followed him to his apartment*.
if you want to date her, have the self respect to date her after she becomes single.
if someone told you that you didn't deserve to apply for a scholarship for females because they think your actions are not feminine enough, i'm betting you'd be pissed.
your professor said he couldn't do anything, meaning what she wore was within the school's dress code.
in this situation for being passive aggressive and not just talking to them i live on the second floor by of my old apartment complex and my walking is so much louder when i take my shoes off
they are already making a concession by allowing you to play with them in the first place and giving you gear.
for taking the money under false pretenses and saving it for something else.
: > i go eat with friends because of the food, not the company, and basically drop out if i don't like the food.
by that same token, if you're ready to make a break from him, do so completely - no more one night stands, no more fwb, no more doing laundry at his place, no more asking for help on projects.
i don’t care what the nurse said; it doesn’t absolve you of guilt.
you know your boyfriend has good instincts.
you weren't thinking, yeah, but it was still an asshole thing to do and there was no reason to put her down like that.
it's not a huge deal and you're not the worlds biggest ah, but it's just kind of a jerk move.
i guarantee you this girl studied her ass off, also plagiarized checking as a fellow student...
if its any space that people use/mow, then yea, .
this is just that weird luvy dovey cutie pie east asian culture.
but youre allowed rules and not wanting to be called a cunt is reasonable.
responsible breeding takes a lot of research, time, and planning, not to mention money.
the reason that i said  and not  is because you want to have your cake and eat it too.
how are you two expect to start with a relationship if she keeps bailing every time.
i would recommend couples therapy to you both not necessarily because  with this here but so you both can work on compromising and learn to have productive arguments/conversations.
she's right, even if don't you have a radio you must have other devices in the house to listen to music/the radio to.
the library is a good start.
let him make mistakes and learn through experience.
he is also correct that there are people who are asexual that still preform sexual activities, just at a much lower rate.
it wasn’t his grandmother and you can’t expect someone to share your grief in the way you see fit, especially when you don’t come out and tell him you need him.
but what you're "hoping" for is that woman's feelings will change if you just wear her down.
for this line specifically > i worry if we continue the way we are, i'd be at risk of going behind his back to seek out a sexual partner break up with him.
based on how you described it, you had a loving relationship with a guy and there was a moment with a waiter that turned you off completely.
doesn’t seem like much but from a business standpoint it’s bad.
if you really want them to look it up say something like: 'oh yeah it's really neat, it's basically blah blah blah, but you should totally google it because i don't do it justice"
i spent *two hours* brushing out her hair and washing it and rewashing it.
if they are worth their salt a house flipper would hold enough liquid assets to buy heavily during the recession which makes the job even more profitable.
not for potentially ending a relationship that you are no longer invested in, but for investing in a new relationship before ending your current one.
only reach out to friends when your in a really dark place.
you had sex with her but telling us you were disgusted the whole time, which is beyond creepy.
and if you are giving her this ultimatum that you’ll break up with her if she does that, could cause extreme resentment down the line.
they were being rude but you don't just kick two teenage girls out of a car in the middle of nowhere.
i would never ask him to pay that back.
you are doing something, apparently with the goal of making your girlfriend feel comfortable.
i understand why you were upset.
when my boyfriend has a zit that's throbbing, it makes him feel better if the ingrown hair that usually caused it is plucked out.
was going to say  based on how you explained it..
the idea that depressed people keep it to themselves is harmful - often what happens is people try to communicate that they are feeling depressed / out of control / etc and nobody believes them.
you say you're not homophobic, you just dislike him being gay...
i mean you shouldn't force a friendship but everyone had only one friend at some point in their life.
if you went to a grocery store and you ice cream rang in a $1.99 instead of $4.99 would you tell them to change it?
not having access to my devices made this worse because that was how i talked to my friends.
now their asses on the line.
i am also in a field where i make substantially more than my so.
you don’t have to like your friends so.
everyone else bullies me (calling me a name i hate) so i feel i deserve to leave before them (and what's one extra person?).
it didn’t make you any more trustworthy, it just made you look shitty because he still got at least one piece of food and then extra money on top of it.
you go out to chill with two of your friends.
a lot of times our brains let us down and can not think clearly when our body is panicking.
never a good idea to start any relationship with a lie.
also being a step-parent is hard, the kids aren't going to warm up to you easily especially when their parents have a bad relationship now and they remember a time when they were happily together.
next time just call or text a heads up as soon as you know.
if she gets offended she can find another group to play with, which would also solve your problem.
you were really really pushy about it.
if this was all a matter of bad luck, and she's pretty understanding, and you reschedule, .
hand on a waist should not make you end it.
, but there's a lot to unpack here, and some of your concern is valid.
even they were kinda jerks, but (1) they actually had authorization from the city / government to be doing this kind of thing, and (2) they would always show people the stickers and tell them if they don't stop doing whatever they were doing wrong, they would get the sticker.
and a gossip who’s outing people and promoting shame - this is all about you trying to insert drama into the situation.
these are her friends and family, she has every right to talk to them about every issues big and small going on in her life.
then doubled down by blaming it on a bullshit astrological sign.
branding him a pervert is one thing, but you crossed the line into criminal perversion of the absolute worst sort.
if they bully you, you laugh it off if you can or you do what i did up there.
still seems creepy and a bit like a violation of the friendship.
the food didn't ask him to not call it baby
i give you kudos for that.
ask yourself how you would feel if a roommate "sublet" their room to complete strangers neither of you had ever met who they found on craigslist and fucked off to live elsewhere leaving you to deal with whatever they did?
hang out with who you want.
but you already knew someone had, because it was you.
you should feel sorry for him not getting it.
that poor girl has been through a trauma filled childhood and she is still processing it and trying to come to terms with things as a young adult.
- maybe you should have thought about actually telling her how you feel.
i thought the "spirit of the holiday" was giving people something they'll enjoy.
but he could do so without being such a dick.
there was a very real possibility it could have saved her life.
at worst, you're intimidated by the fact she is so good at something and want her to quit.
you had no right to insist she cancel on her friends however, she should have been honest with you about her plans and perhaps included you in them.
bringing up the holocaust is almost always a little extreme.
they're your friends and i dont think you should feel like you need to hide your real emotions from them, as it can just become a burden that builds up.
for a famous example, look at the duggars.
it is not your parents' fault.
but treat him as you would like to be treated.
- cats usually start pooping and peeing in weird places when something is up and they aren’t healthy.
also they've brought nothing with them, so you're also effectively allowing them to use your roommate's furniture, kitchen utensils and other possessions in the common area without their consent.
he was clearly already handling the situation.
you can also try new things, especially new things your wife prepared.
i'll just say this: it doesn't matter if your family line continues.
i get why that's frustrating for you but honestly, it's not your decision.
- if you were going to ask for a re-make, you should've alerted them as soon as you realized the mistake and decided you wanted them to fix it.
you are gonna have a real rough go of it in life if you seriously cannot figure out how to acquire the skills to make grilled cheese at 17.
i always like it when posts start like this because it always does sound bad by the end.
he told you he wanted to blow off steam with a friend.
making a move on her would be incredibly disrespectful to gb.
you want to stop your dying wife leaving someone who cheats on her so she can be happy in the last few months she has left.
if you gave two shits about her you would have just taken her to the er straight away vs trying to get in touch with someone you clearly see as unreliable.
you're not telling the true story here, and you're fishing for not-the-assholes, and that just doesn't fly.
it shows actual examples from their books and study materials, so there’s concrete evidence.
your father was thinking of your sisters kids, that money could get them into college etc.
you were right to ground her.
but don't punish her for this, jeez.
they had to ask you if it was still happening.
overall, youre not entitled to his seat so dont act like you are just because youre tall.
you have a piece of shit friend that makes you remember “the good old days” or what have you.
that's not what you did, and in no way is what you did close to being as bad as that.
neither do you and you have absolutely no say in who gets to parent that child.
if it wasn't during a formal critique and she didn't ask, keep your comments to yourself.
if you stop this, it will send a message to your kids that your wife should not be seen as a parental figure, and will discourage them from seeing her as a parental figure in the future.
the fiance doesn't have good boundaries.
they're just "close friends" and you have nothing to worry about, right?
because you saw her not ring it up.
don't wear your shoes without socks *ever*, socks are there to protect sweat getting in.
i think it's a stupid rule but you were aware of it and you still broke it.
you’re a grown ass man, presumably, but you sound like a child in this post.
you created a human life and you can’t get over your own bullshit and take responsibility.
you went back on that agreement and are lying about it.
right now what you're doing is selfish.
the fact that you also feel like she can’t be without clearly shows how your abusive.
there’s people making less money than you and working harder than you, probably getting treated even worse than you, who wouldn’t have just left unannounced.
your gf supported you when you were homeless and penniless.
in your post and for this shit.
unless she is playing video games loudly where you're trying to sleep, you shouldn't be telling her to stop playing with her brother.
frankly, the gym may be the one place he can't fuck her.
might be going out on a limb here because i don't know the specific details of the particular project, but i'm going to say , for this part specifically.
it's extremely difficult to not speak with an accent when speaking a second language.
you didn’t say his behavior is interfering with work.
you didn't go to california with your wife because you didn't want to, not because she told you so.
maybe, next time you see him, talk it out and maybe present a solution to the problem.
you should trust that you wouldn’t be prescribed these things if a competent professional didn’t think you could benefit from it.
there are some people for who photos online can be dangerous.
you’re asking for proof of whispers that you know you sent.
they don't even know her like you stated.
you owe them that basic courtesy, especially if they ask you for it.
you learned a valuable lesson, and you're lucky snoring guy didn't pop you across the face for being a dick.
come on man this is a classic.
it would have been proper to ask why you needed to move so that you could get clarification before this turned ugly.
i don't know how you can trust someone you know does people dirty like that.
they should never have put you in that position, but....you only became the asshole when you went without him.
that means she doesn't owe you an explanation for when she bails.
maybe he wasn't lying and is depressed.
so on that alone, yeah, you’re an asshole for not being able to come up with a more original, less harmful (read: less stigmatized way) to insult your buddy.
if you have arguments with just one person it's that persons fault, if you have arguments with everyone it likely yours.
they're just annoyed with you because you sound like a sociopath.
for logging in, she's the asshole for being a cheater and manipulator.
the thing is, nobody wants to be second best.
when they look up to/see big uncle playing, so they want to be like uncle op.
this trip is a year away, i don’t understand the big deal of it needing to be exactly in march.
this person hasn’t done anything against you yet you’re willing to drop her like a sack of shit based on other people’s opinions.
you married in to this family and kids don't just disappear when they grow up.
hitting a puppy is not the best way to train a puppy, so you should stop that.
the fact he has the n word with an er in his speaking vocabulary speaks volume.
- pro tip from someone in a very long and happy relationship: don't get married until you both learn how to fight fair.
even though they are surprisingly common they are still going to hurt.
not going to make gf status by making fun of him.
there are times when an apology instead of going away makes things worse and this is or of them.
, your brother sounds like he was just making a dumb joke, i wouldn’t consider it sexist at all.
why do you need them now that you’ve broken up?
you're a massive asshole for that comment alone.
you suck for yelling at your mother.
next time ask for the full plan if you know you don't want to be out long.
i don’t believe in a god either, but why is someone else’s private prayer something you’re “very much against”?
it’s multicultural here and that isn’t going to change.
you wanted more communication from your gf, but you didn’t say anything.
all these things are just prepping, but it takes a lot of work out of these chores that are majorly put on your husband.
it has lost much of its value by you removing it.
if so, why would you treat it that way?
my brother does the same thing, i’m not a music student but i do enjoy music, when he feels like singing and starts to annoy me i start to sing with him, songs that we both know mostly.
you're denying somebody who is actually in need, because you want to spare a buck.
that said, i feel that your girlfriend overreacted as well.
you guys all chose to put it in her name.
however, i do not feel like it’s such a big deal.
i see that my comment bothered you.
if you really need a picture, pony up for one of the silly race picture they all sell and let your poor wife have a day off from her job of serving your ego.
ideally she would have agreed to the trade.
hope it gets better for you both.
you seem to be saying that she hurt you when you weren't even together.
i wouldn’t want to be your friend either based entirely on what you posted here.
however, it doesn't change the fact that "her body her choice" is still true.
are they always asking your opinion?
it's easy to get blamed if you take matters into your own hands.
i'm on disability, so i have a general idea of the process it takes to get approved and maintain disabled status with the social security administration (i actually just went through my annual 3-year disability review to ensure that i was still disabled).
you may be only in 10th grade but you should know better by now.
you weren’t the asshole until you reached back out to her and yell at her.
that should be possible if you're college students.
read some parenting books, try meditation, and go get some therapy for your insecurities.
she sucks for cheating and you suck for invading her privacy regardless of whether you found the proof you were looking for or not.
she is a jerk if you sat her down before the project began and explained what she was committing to, and if she understood what days would involve filming, and if she said it would work, and if she understood that there was going to be expense around her (like she was integral to the project, and filming her scenes would involve money and time for other people), and if she backed out anyway.
you're not an asshole, but you have pretty bad judgement.
can i ask how old you all are?
it doesn't matter how much you stay in the room, if you signed a lease, you need to pay each month, otherwise you are the asshole.
and instead you're going to sit on your ass playing videogames while the dishwasher runs, and let her go do the work.
you've made a lot of good choices to get where you are, and you should be proud of them.
why does she have to "suck it up" but you don't?
you knew how she felt: she only wanted to be friends.
she reacted strongly, but you calling her selfish was too far.
take some time after this to teach yourself that you deserve basic respect at least.
you had romantic feelings for someone who never gave you any indications that she shared those feelings (and no, her friends saying she likes you don't count.
nothing screams "please don't do business with me" like airing your dirty laundry on what ought to be your personal branding platform.
all she's doing it texting you and saying mean things.
not everyone can afford to spend a lot at christmas.
they dont have to give you any food.
yelling at them every time they make a mistake isn’t going to make them behave.
you don't have to be mean when you say it, but you aren't really a friend if you can't say it and instead are sneaking around behind their back and telling others things you don't have the courage to say to them.
i really don't think the person serving at a fast-food place gives a crap about the size or nutritional needs of their customers, or has the time, motivation or energy to go to the effort of personalising portion sizes.
it’s not his problem that there’s an extra expense you don’t want to deal with.
when someone’s tired, even a phone call for a few minutes feels like a chore because you just want to rest.
you didn’t tell your girlfriend that you were going to be with another girl alone.
, your gf doesn’t want to be caught in the middle of an argument that she has no business in.
reframe your perspective and see her trauma for what it was or risk coming off as someone who has violent sexual tendencies.
just see to the movie and go to her formal another day.
dude asked for his personal mug back.
i used to do what you’re doing now and i really regret doing that now that i’m away from home
the guy lost his wife and is giving you an awesome scholarship.
the internet is full of wonderful things like google translate ([ which you could have used to defuse this situation.
fucking with how a store has something organized is a dick move no matter your reasoning.
you want her to distance herself from them too?
get tutoring and go to your professor's office hours instead--i guarantee you'll feel much better if you pass through your own hard work, not through cheating.
give it up to someone who really needs low income housing.
he overreacted after the fact, definitely, but if you 'decided' you wanted pizza instead, you should have given him that option too.
my dog is going into heat for the first time before i could get her fixed and she wears a diaper but sometimes it comes off and she gets blood everywhere, including all over the bed/covers.
i understand the negative emotions your talking about, but you guys are married.
i hope paypal doesn't side with you, that would be bullshit.
im gonna join the  crowd here.
you don't get to cancel cable just bc 'you' aren't using it.
do you think it does absolutely anything other than make people feel bad?
are you spending less time together because of it?
you shouldn’t have blown up on her.
it sounds like you live far away from them so how do you know she just spends all her time on tinder dates?
however, you should also have an honest conversation with him to see if he is ever going to be able to trust you again.
you tried to draw attention away from his point with a kind of ‘but everyone was shit’ argument - something like when a person tries to raise a point about women’s issues now, but someone feels the need to interject with ‘but men have it tough too’.
her job is to prepare you for the real world which seeing from your post is something you still have a long way to go for.
i’m reluctant to generalize but autistic people do tend to have problems reading social cues the way neurotypical people do.
pranks are supposed to be lighthearted enough so that *all* parties involved can have a laugh.
while the holiday/christmas season is about giving (and not receiving) gifts, it is up to your family, friends, and acquaintances if they want to give you a gift.
the way you phrased the question was inherently provocative.
it makes you look a bit immature and petty.
if you don’t want to be a part of it, don’t combine finances.
if you didn’t want to give him the $20 dollars, you shouldn’t have offered and he shouldn’t need to remind you.
then, you go and blatantly toy with his emotions.
not for reporting the guy per se (he sounds like a piece of shit), though i think ice is a shitty organization that needs to be abolished.
'nothing worse than having a problem and then having someone dismiss it because they had it harder.
you wasted medical professionals' time, and health care resources that could have been used on someone who was really sick.
but you already know this based on your last line: *"he is not the best person, but neither am i"*
instead you undermined her by stating that you basically expected "more" from here which she could have interpreted as you putting herself above her.
this is my hometown and the amount of people who complained about the alert is fucking absurd.
by the way, she's a god-damned adult- you're giving her a bedtime?
at least i have to assume that is why you did this, otherwise your behaviour doesn't even make sense.
i feel bad for both men here.
clearly you guys have an issue working safely if they had to incentivize it for you.
"i know she doesn't get 24 hours of free time a day but i feel she gets enough free time.
if it bothers you that she’s playing the game, then use your words and tell her.
washing clothes is not an unreasonable thing to do.
, you asked him and he told you.
communication needs to happen or this gf will become an ex really fast.
hospitals are generally full of these people.
both my kids were conceived the very first time my wife and i had sex after she pulled her birth control.
if you're selling it to her then you're not "helping her out" when you know she is broke.
it's not favoritism, it's trying to give the best experience to the students.
you’re on the road to experiencing life with only casual friends who don’t make much of an effort to include you in things.
they may have very well said yes, but you always ask permission before reusing someone else’s creation.
being a father (and father to be) includes making sacrifices.
she’s an asshole for having you write it in the first place and for cheating.
your teacher is trying to help and you aren’t listening.
only one of my friends took issue with this.
which begs the question, why are you so hung up on it having to be out of the cupboard?
if they do move to your city, you would  for setting appropriate boundaries.
which makes you absolutely the asshole for having a problem with him for it.
you yourself say sam is a loner who doesn’t talk to anybody.
not only are you unwilling to help pay his medical bills, but you won't even watch him?
don’t start shit, won’t be shit.
how can you properly accomplish estate planning while hiding relevant information?
you can’t use the fact you chose to charge him $600 vs $900 as an excuse to make up rules as you go...
you’re going to a metal concert, i think her wearing a harley quinn dress won’t be a issue at all.
not for not wanting sex, but for bringing him home without making your intentions clear.
and after all that, when she tried to express herself and how you'd upset her, you told her to 'calm down and then we could speak', which is more or less 'i don't want to deal with the consequences of me being rude, so have those emotions away from me where i don't have to be troubled'.
, you know it’s not correct.
it doesn't sound like you have a good reason to be so offended by mac's behavior considering how inconsequential it is.
like it or not your now in a caregiver role to them.
you were the asshole then and your friend is justified in being pissed at you.
maybe dinner 3x week and lunch on workdays, plus you do the dishes and divide the cleaning labor.
its never okay to use someone for sex.
he moved in based on the agreement that he'd pay 1/3 of rent.
if you trust him, it shouldn't matter how much you trust her.
kissing your partner is in no way “manipulative”.
how long are you going to live a lie for the sake of your parent's will?
and you're being a drama queen.
they paid $200 too and you're blocking their view.
- you’ve said yourself that you often forget to clean up as you get distracted.
you explicitly don't want to do that.
especially because i think it’s gross that you’re worried about her becoming a woman & having her father look at her in such a way.
&#x200b; &#x200b; pets are family, not temporary accessories.
is she wrong in expecting you to do the favor and getting angry if you refuse?
the reason im using  is cause there are often social cues one can pick up on before it gets to this point.
you didn’t show and just ghosted?
i totally think moving on from that friendship is a valid thing to want to do, but a chat about it wouldn’t have hurt.
there’s many issues that people with student debt are being taken advantage of.
you say you should have equal say, but you are disregarding his wishes completely just because you think you need a giant wedding.
were you gonna measure out her slice of the wedding cake too?
and yes, before you say it, especially the 'statistics.' a lot of people think if they find a quoted number that's that without looking at how that information was collected and calculated or if the effects found are wildly overstated.
this is typical other woman shit.
ok so that’s a you problem.
if you don’t want to do it just be honest and say “i don’t want to do it, because xxxx”.
don’t touch other people’s property unless you want to get the shit beat out of you or get the cops called on you.
no one is going to think you're not one of the most terrible people that's ever posted here.
it was a long strapless dress and i paid extra for her to get a cover-up/jacket that would cover her shoulders and was 3/4 length on her arms.
it sounds to me like your only good relationship is your current boyfriend, and that re-joining with your old circle or even just the one guy in it would be an incredibly bad place.
this is all on you, lady.
your in-laws for being condescending asshats you for going 0-90 in 10 seconds on the confrontation.
you have a history of cheating, this is a girl you've been with before and you're airing your dirty laundry around.
he goes to work, takes care of the baby while you go to the gym, gets ready to run a necessary errand, recognizes that some financial stuff needs attention before doing so, apparently gets ready to feed the baby.
you say yourself you've never been bullied.
are you feeling insecure because she wants literally one night away from you?
(except lura) this dude was a fucking creep - but so were you by lying about who you were.
if you can’t or won’t accommodate this request, she is absolutely justified in asking you to keep your distance.
you should be proud of him for his hard work and commitment to a healthier lifestyle.
i build comps and i know lots of people who want cheap ones.
if you're that worried, talk to the parents and set boundaries (stay indoors, etc.).
go find a different place to stick your dick.
obviously this is a subreddit for bitching and trying to get to the bottom of "who's behavior is worse", but you both seem pretty shitty to one another.
you knew before hand that he wouldn’t be okay with it and intentionally made the decision without talking to him first because you knew what he would say.
it’s not that pharmacist’s fault they were out of that specific medication.
having a baby, even one that's fussing, doesn't entitle you to dismiss everyone when they're asking you to move your vehicle.
he had gps giving him directions, getting conflicting ones from someone else would be enough to confuse and annoy anyone.
nobody manipulated you or held a gun to your head.
you could realistically get charged for that if the bank was so inclined to make an example of you.
i guess that's how some get ahead, but no soul.
tv mounts aren’t normally more than like $30.
did you ever think he got her to go through the interview process first so that he could feed you the questions?
on top of that, it's literally not your place to comment on her health.
dreams, in themselves can be very random so even if it sounded fake as a dream there is no "reality" because dreams a lot of times do go completely against reality.
and, again, you might be opening yourself up to a confrontation with a potentially unstable person.
if anything you've just made things worse
the teacher most likely has a lot more information than you do and it's their call.
if you're worried about them getting bullied, you should've spoken to your brother.
it feels like you withheld your apology because this woman didn't find it cute that your daughter invaded her personal space and that's really unfair to her.
theres every chance it was there for an innocent reason, you just want validation for taking an expensive textbook.
i'm guessing he assumed you wanted space, then realized you may want companionship instead and offered to spend time with you, which you declined.
i would consider how serious your relationship means to you; because moving forward, will you do this to her time and time again?
are you willing to end the friendship?
yes, he broke up with her before your lies but he clearly had doubts.
i imagine they’d be like something out of key and peele’s black republican sketches.
the youngest is in 7th grade and so far except for the occasional "go to bed already, he's got mostly a's and is about as good about chores as can be expected.
this isn't about your friendship stuff, this is about you using offensive language.
if i had a good solution to this, i wouldn’t be mid-divorce.
specifically regarding your friends: you’ve offered cheaper/more affordable stuff in the past and they’ve declined.
be patient and don’t constantly “activate” play time, and it will turn out ok as it grows older
which isn’t really something to joke about in any capacity regardless.
again, i understand your point and i agree that it is shitty of your ex to not pay the bills for the kids but maybe you could prove your point to him in a way that doesn't involve ypur children.
you sound like you suck and she deserves a better partner.
like you've never done something without thinking it through beforehand.
if your gf agrees i'd say yes.
i see where you are coming from, i really do.
he's an asshole, so you decided you'd be an asshole too.
if she doesn't like it she can leave it or ignore it or whatever.
and oh treating everyone and his own dad terribly.
i went to a university and my schedule at one point required me to book it halfway across campus in 10 minutes.
you should be in the dog house.
this is a pathetic rage quit.
for apparently assuming that decorations are for "holidays" and nothing else.
it was too painful for her to see.
maybe if you were going to do something involving going somewhere or being active, you could discuss changing the plan to something more sedentary and less taxing.
for flirting with a married woman and endangering you and your brothers business relationship
go out and work on your truck with your dad.
, as you said you're from the us; you should've tipped.
you were tight with this girl like a month or so ago.
she was mad you weren't doing any goddamn work.
every office/institution has a few nightmare clients everyone dreads coming in but still have to be nice & professional to.
i’m amazed you can work your way around a keyboard.
your neighbor had no obligation to care for or supervise your child.
, one of the top pinned things on this subreddit is about down voting people just because they're an asshole, assholes deserve the truth.
>i personally think that if a waiter is underpaid, they should be talking to their employer about it, instead of expecting tips.
i've made the same mistake and say "yes" to things verrrrry carefully nowadays.
if you had lied and they had been left to find your body, the trauma would be unbearable.
you even said, she does it for a day after a fight and goes right back to her old habits.
wow > this year i don’t plan on being “homeless” and i think i might make a lil booklet and hand it out to other people who want the help or at least guidance > good luck on your instructional pamphlet.
your concern comes from a selfish place.
i broke up with her about 2 weeks ago as to not hurt her.
germs are everywhere, and as long as she wasn't bleeding or having any shady stuff going on, i think everything will be alright.
"my youngest daughter is not like us." wow.
so if your rent is $1000 they might pay $225 each while you two each payed $162.50 (for a combined 325).
and yes, sally is allowed to be very close to people of the opposite sex.
it must be hard for you to put up with a few minutes explaining to the staff.......
at least calling the embassy from there and getting their advice or temporary papers faxed or something.
what she was being paid had no relation to your agreed on salary.
it also doesn’t seem fair to complain to your mom when it wasn’t even her idea.
are you sure that he actually enjoyed the talk of stealing his wife?
i can understand being paid for the babysitting as that shouldn’t be your responsibility per se, but you are being paid to do basic chores in your own home which you do not even pay rent for.
so that they can spend time together as a group.
as someone who has lived below neighbours with 4 kids who ran around all day long every day this shit is really annoying.
caring for the baby is your responsibility, too.
if there is a limited amount of overtime why are do you feel entitled to it over your coworkers?
the moodier sister i worked with, i ended up having a session with her on her own after months of working together and she was a completely different person and it was because her sisters over the top confidence and 'me me me' behaviour was forcing her to retreat because she wasn't getting any attention or care.
your boss is right in that it wasn't anyway to talk to your boss or address the repeated problem in a professional manner.
this is not a healthy way to go about this.
this guy is clearly a dick.
- he definitely shouldn’t have blown you off that many times in a row, and i believe your feelings were valid.
plus it throws off the balance of the pizza.
after i'm all healed up, i'll take you out for drinks to make up for birthday fun!" or something similar.
i think you are so keen on your new guy that you're about to give up a long term friendship over some idea of who you should be and that's a mistake.
idk if it's just the way you've worded it, but why does he have to put down 10% of his earning for the next 6 months (which is quite a lot on a holiday honestly, percentage wise) so you can get the holiday you want?
it is annoying but you approached this situation like an asshole from the start.
your mom was sick and needed her medication.
if you stayed the abuse arrests would preclude it you also owe 16 years of child support to your ex wife.
acting like that isn’t cool when it’s unwanted.
you lied to her in the beginning to make yourself seem cool and non-judgmental, but now you expect her to understand that you didn't really mean what you said?
i feel like texting has given a lot of us an expectation of instant response/gratification and it doesn’t always need to be that way.
you are also preventing your kids from having an awesome time on a cool trip because you are angry at their dad.
jesus where do i even begin.
if you can’t treat her with respect, don’t date her.
you need to let that go.
people find other people, they grow apart, or other events intervene.
you had chips in your room you could have munched on instead.
even if your girlfriend has anxiety - and it's nice that you wanna support her - but your friend has been an important part of your life too and deserves your support and attention too.
i respect you for being honest with your father.
and even if he doesn’t he is just minding his own business.
do you really need to be close to the university while you are working on your thesis, considering that you are doing it through a german university?
how the hell do you cough silently wtf?
think about it you dipshit dickhead.
you're allowed to get mad and be mad, but you acted on it poorly.
you should have stuck to your guns on all of these things and if they didn't like it, call it off then.
assuming you're an adult, you should be capable of stating your case.
her and the groom to be have put a lot of time and effort and money into organising their wedding, their special day.
just don't talk at night when you know the walls are that thin.
that said if he's cheated on you that much why even keep trying?
you’re on a hookup site and want to report a guy who propositioned you for a hookup because his kink isn’t your kink?
you can't just take a half day because you worked a few hours overtime the day before.
, yea they are also an asshole but you are wayyy more of an asshole.
sorry!" passive aggressively) but intentionally skipping the line because you don't like waiting is childish and makes you an asshole.
this has caused problems in the past and yet, you continue to do it.
everyone here has already stated good reasons why, but i’d like to mention another.
if it's relatively easy to get a stall.
- the mature thing to do would be to politely ask him to stop
for kissing your ex like idk how you think that is comforting for someone.
it's not a lot of money, but it is money.
yes as it doesn't seem like he was doing anything important.
i also do not drink, but participate in drinking games with my separate non-alcoholic drink and ensure i do not have any alcohol or get drunk.
the woman insisted she had put the pork chops in the order.
- don't know why you said anything about his looks at all, what a weird response to his statement.
coping means learning how to live among others, not just about making yourself comfortable
going to a pride festival is your idea of privilege?
i don’t blame current japanese folks who might be descended from the military forces who occupied and plundered korea for that.
did you really think that someone who practices a religion would take it well when someone who doesn't practice that religion tells them how to practice the religion?
\> i start by asking her if she knew it was international men’s day that day, she said she didn’t know perfectly reasonable answer.
for getting angry that she wants you to stay and do your job.
have you ever thought she might be overly conscious of her condition and did not want to flaunt it around?
i totally understand wanting to go see your team play, but this hockey game is something that she's really looking forward to.
ofcourse she will rebel and ofcourse she will keep it a secret.
you owe your family an apology.
you try to justify it by saying it's not because you wanted her to break up with him (i have a feeling you'd happily date her if she returned your feelings and ended it, but whatever) but because you wanted to "get it off your chest." non-assholes care more about not compromising the integrity of their friend's happy relationship than they do getting some weak sense of closure.
that’s just a slap in the face.
alright here's the thing, you're an adult and she is a child.
the guy she is with is not a good guy, and she needs to end things with him, whether or not she's into you.
maybe you should at least apologize to your .
she wants to eat meals with you.
its not about the number of girls.
however, i feel that you could have handled your anger a bit better and not exploded at him, instead trying to calmly figure out the issue and fix it.
it sounds like your heart's in the right place, but your mind isn't.
, learn how to take a hint and move on.
no one thinks they're still together.
it's not your place to tell your sister to drop it when her husband wasn't there to support her, see the birth of his child (and could actually be there).
you pushed the matter and went and complained to your dad about a single slice of pizza.
the single life appears way better right now than it actually is.
sounds like a trailer park full of trashy assholes.
this is too early to be doing this.
you said yourself that she pays for your food most of the time.
for asking for people to chip in to help cover gas costs.
also idk how many cars you have, but that’s a really long time to drive and it’s perfectly reasonable for them to want another person to tag in
your plan was to rely on other people who you knew couldn't help you?
why is it on her to be coy and refuse?
it is very hard for someone of that age to get a new job.
people can’t read your mind, and regardless of the situation and despite what you may think, it’s not always the first thing they’re thinking of when they wake up.
is she a partner or a servant?
it also sounds from your words that this is a 'first date' situation and she's actually trying to accommodate you.
, albeit a small one, for not thinking more deeply about the people you are talking about.
imagine that and then this girl avoids you in school and finally when she could give an explanation she just stays quiet and acts like nothing happened.
your brother made it clear he wasn't ready to discuss the issue with you, as soon as you realised you could hear a private convo, you should have exited the situation as someone with a long term condition, i can tell you that sometimes the hardest thing to deal with is your loved ones concern.
until then you treat him like you would a coworker.
how would you feel if she asked you to give up your dog?
worst case scenario, you were right and you guys argue.
- first of all, you should be well aware that you have absolutely no idea what your brother has/is going through.
both need counseling from an expert that specializes in this.
she's accomplished a ton and you're concerned about a movie.
if you called an ambulance you could get him into the healthcare system for the help he needs.
for example, one girl could tell the other about some awkward sex story.
what’s not fair is how much you’re paying for everything else.
and now you're out of a job.
if getting into big drama over little things like this is a common occurrence, maybe you should try to find out why that is?
my parents would’ve beat my ass if they caught me with that shit.
don’t take things from a toy drive.
you could’ve easily changed your email by now.
perhaps they feel more confident in their abilities than you do.
airpods aren't the only bluetooth device you can use to listen to music.
i get that the sound is really really annoying, but when i am having anger/anxiety over sounds i remove myself from the situation as it's my problem and i can't expect others to change for me.
she deserves someone that's going to love her unconditionally regardless of her past.
doxxing and identity theft (cancelling shit in their name, ordering in their name, talking to colleagues in their names, etc) yeah
and i don't think the facetiming was you feeling bad for him, i think you already had feelings brewing.
i think it might be good for you to go with her, at least at some point, so you can more fully understand how she is feeling.
you stated that her visa status is dependent on her employment, so perhaps she was just nervous about the uncertainty that switching jobs would bring?
yo what the fuck your partner had the flu and not only were you like...unwilling to help them clean up-you just didn't care that they were falling over and just...just left them?
if you want to have an issue with her, then cool, but speaking for everyone else in the store & saying that everybody thinks she's annoying is super hurtful.
just focus on your marriage and your friends and family and ignore her nonsense.
i know that it stings because you see yourself as a 10/10, but 8/10 by no means says that he finds you unattractive.
2) don't try to be any sort of "way." just ask them questions about themself and listen to the answer.
- this is a gold standard example of why you don't date someone you work with.
so yes, put your own dishes away after your dinner, put your own clothes away rather than tossing them on the floor.
you were in a designated seat.
you are hoping this man continues to rape other women throughout his life.
yeah no, bottom line: it's disrespectful to lose your shit and scream at your so.
>i want her to be focusing on me dog, relationships aren't supposed to be me me me.
she's 10, be glad she's doing that instead of talking back and giving attitude.
that's what it amounts to, you were eager to have sex with your friend, so you couldn't wait to tell your boyfriend in person and sent him a text message instead.
meanwhile, you specifically set up a scenario to play with her emotions.
yes, it may be called 'all you can eat', but there are limits to everything.
you are taking advantage of the restaurant by sitting there for three hours eating up to nine plates each family member.
what happens, like in the other 200 posts on this subreddit, when one of you gets a great job offer on the other side of the planet?
it’s self centered to continue to do it without clear communication.
you should’ve explained that you were trying to make amends with your friend, instead of hanging up on them.
people generally think mostly about themselves and tend to only make quick judgement about others.
he continues to hook up with this guy you don't like, without realizing that it's unfair if you stop with that guy and he doesn't.
, it’s not so much a matter of taking turns as much as it’s a matter of coming to a full stop, immediately in front of the sign.
almost everyone is the same way.
change your socks every day 4.
but the punishment didn't fit the crime.
he's the asshole for flaking on plans at the last minute.
lol, you're harassing this guy to meet his gf.
you might have to make a tough decision here.
and then get jerked off in the comment section by self-loathing white people promising to venmo them for their blog about why they’re totally justified in thinking such things.
(if they try to make translate every damn word then they bigger asshole than you are tho)
, if nothing else it sounds like you do nothing around the house lol
there's no reason to rant about someone who is suffering about how they're being selfish, and that we don't need biological children.
additionally, student housing is almost always loud.
they are probably feeling the same way, except it’s happening in their house, where someone should feel secure and comfortable.
he's not trying to hurt you guys so why would you try to hurt him?
that seems like the sort of thing it would be easy to put on your profile so people could filter whether or not they wanted to message you or not.
your family sucks because they're being dick to your dog when they should be a dick to *you* for not properly training and taking care of your dog.
take a major chill pill you sound so weird for acting like this stop acting so entitled i’m sure the bowflex3000 can wait.
you know she breaks everything you don't get to keep lending her stuff and being mad about it.
and, when someone tells you something, listen.
and it can be a disease.
you're old enough at this point to keep track of your homework - maybe not when you were 10, but you're not 10 anymore.
i don't think you were trying to teach her that exactly, but it's a bummer nevertheless.
in comments you've clarified that you expect your husband to be ready to respond to an emergency 24/7.
imagine how far those 2000$ would go in terms of buying school supplies or food or whatever instead of financing you.
try to understand her perspective, even if you don't 100% agree.
you all sound like a bunch of chimps.
however, if she was saving it for later, like you said, then she has every right to and you have no business running to your dad about it.
if you were that worried you should have called the police or asked for help in the shop.
have you ever let it go.
sounds like a shitpost but just in case it's not, .
, it's a perfectly valid reason.
if you were really his friend and wanted him to change, at the very least you would call his ass out when he does this and you would not lie to the faces of those poor girls he's fucking over.
can also use ice cubes on your wrists and neck for a similar effect.
, don't push people, even if they are taking their time.
some people only eat the vegan life.
if you don't want a divorce, saying you want one is an attempt to manipulate her.
roommate is cooking, needs ingredients and doesn’t have time to run to the store.
you're not allowed to make others feel bad because you're so smart and you care so little.
one additional note, your stance about how you know it can be different for poorer neighborhoods but your friend had options is the same as saying it’s ok to treat people in tougher situations crappy because they don’t have any other options.
what if the person in the front of the line brought in 14 of their friends just as the event started?
listening, and giving sympathy isn’t “too nice.” it’s being a good person to talk to.
i think you can tattoo whatever you want on yourself but actions have consequences, even if you think they're overreactions.
first of all, be mindful that while food is *part* of the occasion, the occasion is not *reducible* to food.
it sounds like there's more here that needs unpacking.
only assholes punish children because of their intentions.
if you actually try and keep your friends in check.
you do realize that the very clear implication is that you're going to get violent with *her*, don't you?
i understand mama bear mode to protect him but you aren't going to get what you wanted that way.
she just wants to feel heard and valid, and you're gonna break her wings just because it makes you look bad or feel embarrassed.
i'm sorry you lost people you loved, but i'm not sure how you're bringing anything positive in the world by being passive-aggressive to people who have passing similarities to your grandparents.
your mom doesn't owe you money.
you have to know them incredibly well and have built up and understanding with them that it’s not meant any other way that a jestfull ribbing.
meanwhile other girl who he considers a friend who has never shown him any interest, is now wanting to interfere with his budding relationship, regardless of what he wants.
and you’re less attracted to her because of 10-15 pounds?
i don't think you're really an asshole, so much as you have poor social skills.
but he’s your husband, support him.
he won't be able to extend the deadline even for events like this where it's near impossible to get the project done by the deadline, all because you felt entitled to bonus points since you somehow got it done.
what matters is that your boyfriend is watching you dance on this line, dismissing his perfectly reasonable concerns, because you so enjoy the company of this other guy so much.
unless you are in high school, then it would make more sense.
you owe to fix the dent.
he clearly explained that that sword was meaningful to him.
asking him to stay out of your way isn't viable because most human beings, including you, need breakfast to function.
you even let her go that far, then got angry about it.
otherwise, what's the point of the relationship?
>i live in a land of logic and reason, didn't need to read another word: .
we defend each other because we love each other.
if i say, i don’t really like the color red and someone’s favorite color is red and that hurts their feelings, i’m not apologizing because i just stated an opinion that they don’t agree with.
did i misinterpret or did you use suicide as an excuse to get away from this girl instesd of not being a coward and honestly communicating your feelings.
you come off as a huge douche in this post.
this is how this sounds : "i love you and you're perfect, i just wished you weren't as fat" yea,
>he works in a lumber yard and is the exact opposite guy you would think would like anime basically you're saying that one tiny aspect of his personality doesn't jive with what you want and you're kind of writing him off.
, but it's not the worst thing.
i'm 28 and i still ask my mom and sisters about stuff i'm unsure about.
you’re all hungry, and so you guys stop in for some sushi or some shit.
this is some petty juvenile shit.
- it’s not very respectful to have been dating someone for 8 months but not trust them enough to enter your place without you there.
he was prone, across the street; he really didn't pose a threat to you.
and you just automatically decide the kids take your name with no regard to his feelings or thoughts?
, if she cooks that night you should clean the dishes that night...
sure it's a little basic but it really doesn't matter.
it's not your buissiness - you don't have to support them, but don't tell the teacher.
he was placating you, got caught and is in panic mode.
the way to help in situations like this is to encourage your friend, help build up his confidence, not take away his agency by contacting girls on his behalf without his knowledge or permission
this world is still homophobic, and if your sons are as smart as they seem to be based on your post, they probably picked up on that.
as stupid as it might sound, but *i think i know better than her and know that she would be happier with me in the end*, both of us working in the same field, on a similar intellectual level." "i know best for her" is what you're saying- you're being controlling and you haven't even started a relationship with this girl (thank god).
the problem is when it comes to bachelor/bachelorette parties, there is someone you know who had what appeared to be a full blow-out great time.
, you fucked up, own up to it and face the consequences
you are an asshole for how you responded to her.
it takes guts to ask if you may be in the wrong, and to question your own opinions and behavior.
the way you went about it was terrible too- if you feel compelled to mention it, at least come from a place of concern rather than accusation.
so, you took your jealousy out on her.
op has to be a troll.
the radical approach is to *stop making racist jokes*.
your so should obviously also get over himself, his default position \*should\* be one of trust.
also i think you meant racist not sexist and yeah you may not have intended it that way but you wouldn’t be making these jokes if her family wasn’t mixed.
and if your needs aren’t being met, you need to work that out or leave.
if there are rules/laws regarding this situation, then thats different.
people definitely appreciate honesty and, as your friends, they probably want to be there for you as much as you do for them, even if their advice needs work haha.
saying the choice itself seems unwise is fine.
you’re not in charge of nor privy to their finances.
you’re insinuating that his mom wasn’t really part of the family she was adopted into.
in fact, your attitude and the way you’re acting towards her now really takes away from all of the good that you say you’ve done for her as a friend.
so of course she can go out with friends or go to her job without being anxious- people aren't actively judging for being a smoker or having sex with people she is in exclusive relationships with ffs.
i still got along with her really well and tried to include her more in activities, but she was shy and while everyone was always friendly towards her, it was just to painfully obvious for everyone (including her) how she didn't 'fit in'.
if you follow through with your commitment to support them.
and when they are there, what do you expect them to do?
and then you both make damn sure he never hears a word criticizing the other parent’s beliefs from either of you, because he will internalize that shit and think you’re criticizing him if he doesn’t believe the way you do.
what if your new dog has even worse behavior issues.
i don't think you're a bad person, but you are sticking your nose where it doesn't belong.
the help they are getting is just equaling out the fact that you were born of able body and mind and already have the ability to do things that they cant.
if you ban cosplay as a whole.
id be even more scared of your small dog because small dogs bite others ten times more often than any large breed dog!
what if you were friends with someone and all of the sudden they just stopped talking to you and left you on read?
this is what you signed up for when you decided to have multiple children.
there's no justification for that - you blatantly disregarded a rule that your son had in place, regardless of how silly you may have viewed that rule as being, that's not your call to make.
second, for assuming that a baby is going to automatically look like either parent (babies change so much in the first few hours of life; they more or less look like little blobs immediately after birth) third, for acting like an immature asshole and throwing a fit in the hospital corridors.
you should probably just stop having sex until you can prioritize contraception plans.
: it was clearly a sour relationship but you shouldn't ever cheat on somebody.
if i found out my wife went and saw a movie i wanted us to see together without me, i'd be disappointed and then make plans to go see it either with her or with someone else and move on.
instead of badmouthing him, which makes you look like a jerk (and i wouldn't be surprised if your career stalls because of it) concentrate on what you can do to make yourself a better employee, not a douchebag.
your "brotherly" rationalization here is not ok...
beating around the bush like this is....not good though.
the only one who isn’t an asshole is justin.
what you mean is "she won't listen to me when i try to change her mind." i get being disappointed that spending time with you is not a higher priority for her, but don't ruin something she enjoys enough to work a 2nd job to make it possible.
they deserve a break and you need to step up.
for telling him, but you aren't the asshole for feeling that way.
a "if i can't have fun at this thing so neither can you" stance is very selfish.
a) you can’t say that you love someone enough to marry them when you don’t know them well, aren’t good friends with them, and haven’t dated them.
many of these people would openly and proudly refer to such an attack as not being a tragedy because its victims were either white or christian.
just to make you stop making drama in thier place of business.
it's a shared space not your personal private area
i hope you’re giving that to a lot of the other starving and broke students eating ramen and not just chucking it in the garbage
- not as big of an asshole as the girl that is cheating, but still an asshole.
especially in his time of need.
>white guilt is the individual or collective guilt felt by some white people for harm resulting from racist treatment of ethnic minorities by other white people both historically and currently this doesn't seem like white guilt, it's actual guilt about your own actions in identifying yourself as a minority and taking the money from someone who actually deserves it.
iirc, yesterday was transgender day of remembrance, in memory of the vast number of transgender people who have lost their lives due to prejudice and hate for transgender people, and i'm assuming that is why she posted something about it.
he should be more tolerant of your dog barking during daytime hours, and his attitude seems pretty shitty.
but, most of all, the therapist is!
get a life and stop worrying about random strangers income.
i would suggest finding a new routine and cutting your showers down to 20 minutes or take them earlier, like around 4:30 in the morning.
lazy pet owners doing this sort of thing is exactly why vets have high rates of depression and suicide.
if you haven’t discussed this, it’s controlling to just spring this rule on her when things aren’t going your way.
my profile doesn't say i'm looking for sex, but sometimes i am.
it’s a normal life change and it’s pretty huge.
you're too caught up in wanting your validation instead of recognizing that people are too busy grieving to care about you.
how did you ask her out?
probably wanna know their sense of humor/values before sending something that can be deemed as poor taste.
> i told her she should have told me so instead of getting my hopes up and shattering them later.
he told you he didn't like it, he asked you to stop, and you keep doing it anyway?
if you are going to be publishing something, you better have permission.
you don't get to ban him from the kitchen he pays rent for.
if you cannot afford the adoption fee for a pet, you will not be able to afford vaccinations, vet bills, food, and everything else that you will have to start regularly spending money on when you get this pet.
none of y'all are winners in this situation (except lura, who is the most innocent one in the story)
where their needs are being met.
reminding the teacher is just asshole behavior.
sorry, but "laughing is beyond my control" is not an excuse.
saying "i don't want to" saying "i am not in the mood." even if they're not the same thing, you don't get to be the judge of her reasons and decide whether her reason is good enough to be allowed to opt out.
everyone here is acting like some called op gay.
i don't understand why you're so angry, to the point of wanting to call off the wedding.
side note, they did the same thing again with my next appointment.
- it’s fine to not cover a shift for someone because you don’t want to, but on the grounds that they didn’t cover your shift first?
y’all are kinda doing the opposite it seems.
i'm not going to say you were an asshole for the first comment, as it was your opinion.
it could just be that she's still nervous around you or stuff like that.
you and your group blackballed him, even if only briefly.
why are you with this woman if you don't care about her?
- for her first time you need to talk beforehand and get verbal consent
you are not doing anything with her in your time between waking up and going to work, it is understandable she wants to spend some time with you on the weekend.
i mean,  for fucking nick while you were still dating mike, but it's a really inconsequential amount of asshole.
for better or worse the cultural mores of our society are changing to the idea that her type of behavior isn't that big of a deal.
it clearly hurts your girlfriend's feelings, and it's easy to see why - she thinks that you don't actually like her, and that you might cheat on her.
my grandparents are pretty homophobic too, and i can acknowledge that they are assholes but that i still love them.
one guest missing your party did not “ruin” it.
let him enjoy things that he likes.
the first half of your comment was serious so the last sentence absolutely doesn’t read as sarcasm if that was your intention.
this post was a good start to asking yourself the right questions.
if you are going to be with someone, be with someone.
but if he does he’ll learn those things once he plays.
the restaurants seemed to have prepared the dishes to spec in each instance, it's not like they burnt your food or something.
edited to say: waiting could very easily be more expensive in the long run, depending on what’s wrong with the dog, both financially and emotionally.
it's another to take a stand against someone who is feeling bad because you think they're a bad person for even feeling bad in the first place.
it’s really not a very good reason once you say it out loud and think about it, but it can be pretty persuasive if left unexamined.
i make my opinion known, call them out on homophobic and racist bullshit, and drop it.
**  for coming home late, calling your wife/gf a cunt because she's angry at you for something she has repeatedly asked you to change, and prioritizing your business over her, your 5 month old baby, and the pregnant bump in your wife’s belly.
theres no justification for things like this and even if it felt like she deserved it, you still dont have the right to send the photos to your friends.
i don't have enough information so this may be purely speculation, but could she be angry that you didn't discuss it with her more than it being about the money?
you've made an ass of yourself and lost a job offer at google because of a hissy fit over a $40 shirt.
are you surprised the girl didn’t take kindly to you making fun of her?
not everything is about you and your children.
it sounds like you don’t have enough start-up capital for this project.
you're not doing this for her sake.
there is no reason based on what you have stated here to doubt that this girl is lying.
you think your friends would be ashamed of him?
you can also do plenty of exercises that don't take a physical strain on you.
she’s asking you to accompany her for a few hours to show your support while she fulfills a family tradition as she grieves for her dad.
these are real people you are talking about, not what-ifs.
- giving out someone else's private info without consent is a dick move.
feelings are normal and all humans have them.
i can’t believe you have to ask that.
it's just sad and empty rage.
with the last detail you gave, .
for jumping to reporting someone instead of talking to them first.
maybe he has reasons he can't articulate for wanting to keep it.
sometimes to be funny he’ll honk it at you if you get to close while he’s in it.
i'm sorry that happened and i understand how you would lose your temper after all the bullying, but you just can't physically intimidate someone like that and not expect lasting consequences.
going behind her back and fucking a sex worker is an incredibly low and cowardly act.
you're wrong, plenty of virgin drinks are delicious (on vacation when i was young i survived on virgin daiquiris) 2.
your teacher is not responsible for your shitty time management and fragile ceramic project.
sounds like you ditched all your girlfriends for a dude, and are now confused about why they don't expect anything from you.
as a mom and a sister, i can tell you that the worst feeling in the world is when one of my own kin is ungrateful for the sacrifices i make for their convenience.
- hes 16 and your expecting him to act like a fully functioning adult with no margin for error.
unless your girlfriends are actively choosing to only date women, and don’t want to date men.
if this is important to you be honest about it.
yeah he deserves to lose that job.
these people often have families they are trying to support on pennies, the least you can do is throw a few dollars their way.
he asked for help, you claim you are his friend.
you got on your high horse about someone you don't know, and then you butted into a conversation and went off at someone who hadn't done \*anything\* wrong, then you generously "forgave" one of the wronged parties, and then you continued on to "defend" your self-righteous asshattery.
this is a super petty issue to be having with someone you live with.
for not encouraging your son and telling your family that you’ll see on christmas eve to do the same.
am i an asshole if i just take it anyway?" yes, .
it seems like you guys aren't good at communicating maturely.
mind your own business and consider the fact that your family is extending an invite to a new girlfriend to be a kind and gracious thing
it was not your girlfriend's fault the sandwich had mayo.
it's not her fault you responded to someone doing something as normal as posting a picture with you in it so poorly.
then got physical with her and the children.
you're married to each other, this has no effect on you, get over it.
also just go see fucking glasgow, you make sacrifices for the people you love, don't be the stubborn little child who stomps his foot and pouts just because he doesn't want to go somewhere.
it sounds like you didn’t even talk with your husband first before confronting the other dad!
and by the way saying it was a great time and kissing her counts as at least implying you wanted to see her again, you led her on and you ghosted her, her rant was very much justified considering she probably suffers by having to deal with people like you, not to mention your notion that you were "catfished", seriously?
> i've never had a close gay friend, only a few good acquaintances i share with my girlfriend, and like i said earlier, i've always supported and respected the lgbt community.
or even your home *country?* this could open him up to a world of possibilities that dont have to exist in your bubble.
afaik, "colored" is very different than "the n-word".
maybe suggest doing your birthday stuff the next weekend if you want her to be chipper so badly *'ugh but then it won't be on my actual birthday'* so what??
you're not an asshole for falling asleep on the couch.
> "i don't feel too bad since the manager clearly selectively applied the id rule" no, he didn't.
you didn’t tell your new partner the truth about your cheating past.
your identity is more important than his?
if that doesn't help (i know you said don't do this) then you need to decide who's more important in your life.
your dad sounds like an extremely generous person already and i feel like you would just be taking advantage to ask for more.
she just has a system that makes her have to go often (whole bunch of reasons why this might be the case), or this is an elaborate plan to annoy her live-in-boyfriend?
you expected her to lie to the train personnel, with nothing in return for her.
why do you expect her to be at the mercy of you whims?
the fact that you’ve been banned from someone’s home means you must have behaved really poorly more than once.
if none of the things she's making an effort to change affect you, then .
a time will come when you will find the true reason for his behaviors.
take your dog to the emergency room.
, but i mean that in the nicest way possible because we all know your girlfriend is the true asshole here.
it sounds like you’ve spent their entire relationship waiting for them to break up so you can make your move and that isn’t very nice of you.
it is not "your" money or "her" money.
i hope this is a shitpost, because wow.
cut ties and don't do that shit.
do you really want to blow all the money you've spent and get tossed out without a degree just because you are too lazy to study for a test?
your actions are what prompted your mom to yell at the coach.
but the way you talk about her makes you sound like a fuckin' asshole.
you didnt know, you just have to serve with integrity.
if you're going to take on the role of general contractor of your own site and hire trades directly, you are taking on the responsibility of that as well.
you can be upset but don't talk to her about it.
if she didn't then she's ta.
there is no excuse or reason why your girlfriend is being excluded from this "four amigos friends club".
children didn't ask to be born to idiotic parents and while you admit you don't want them to die, measles sucks even in the short term.
it's also completely unreasonable to think that taking a chair and expecting them to come take it back from you is normal.
tell melissa in no uncertain terms that you have no feelings for her.
not only will it lead to a better relationship with her, but these techniques are integral to many interactions you'll have throughout your entire life.
not a big on tho, it's his birthday not yours.
this is about an intimate area of her anatomy that you're looking at during sex and telling her is gross.
why would you not talk to your boyfriend?
sounds like you don’t have a clue what raising a kid costs.
john ended up taking the board and walking out.
by defending him you are enabling his behavior.
the person usually enjoys having some company but the lying part is what puts it over the top.
i think your parents are completely justified.
it sucks that you get screwed over in the process, but he should have thought about that before agreeing to move to a more expensive place.
even if you don't mean wrong, and if she does understand the subtext of the jokes you make, according to your own words what she said was: > some of the jokes that i've made as insensitive it doesn't mean that she doesn't understand what you mean, or that she believes you are a racist, just that for someone who doesn't know you (like the new guy) your jokes as insensitive, no matter what the real intention behind it is.
it would be so nice if she just told me about him.
you got cps involved because of a random comment without context and you were even told that you misunderstood the context and continued to try to torpedo the man with cps.
after reading the comments, i am going to venture and say , but especially your friends.
i grew up in the northeast and if you brought a bottle to a party (of wine or liquor), you left it at the party.
let it go and move on.
skidmarks are generally gross - but most of us don't feel the need to bring them up with other people.
yeah,  and your teacher is absolutely right.
we're people who lead full and happy lives.
but only because you basically judged a book by its cover.
i don't care if you chose a cheater over the cheated, and most of your friends probably don't either.
regardless of the ill effects from eating basically nothing but salt (162% of your daily allowance per bag, plus 1300+ calories and 108% of your daily fat) for 60 days, do you really think you have the wherewithal to go 2 months without ever being full?
you need to stop by their house when dave isn’t home.
he insists on it because it’s safer.
not for telling him the truth, but for the way you said it.
you clearly have never worked in the service industry a day in your life.
whether you're just learning to live on your own and dealing with a checkbook your first time isn't anyone's problem but your own, they shouldn't be made to wait while you learn.
sometimes i drive to the side so my headlights are in their mirror, if they don’t get the hint.
i think it was wrong of you to decline putting away your phone.
you’re selfish to ask him to do what you want only because your brother will bother you if he doesn’t.
or did she never express anything about women proposing?
catfishing, however, is still quite fucked up.
you gonna also throw a fit when your kid gets a male teacher?
ask him to show you the two versions of the screenshots.
i have ibs and it can be embarrassing.
look, so many people on reddit are going to sit here and justify leaving stuff out, giving you really nicely written lines about how "what matters is who you are now not who you were" and talking about how the past is passed.
he was a monster from the first paragraph.
it's not like you didn't know.
you have issues with anxiety that go beyond the norm and you’re taking it out (unfairly) on your boyfriend.
that’s pretty controlling and making her repeat herself until you hear what you “need” is no guarantee of anything.
you're not the asshole but you will come across as the asshole if you make it obvious you don't like her so it's just about finding a way to manage.
it would make you feel pretty exposed and unsexy.
antipsychotics will take weeks to flush out of your system, so you still have time to fix this before you fuck yourself too hard.
he was being kind by informing you first.
i mean it's one thing if she's some yokel that doesn't have a chance, but if she was top 10 in the world a few years ago she should definitely keep pursuing her dream.
all this does is put your friends in an awkward situation of watching you kill yourself and them not being able to do anything about it.
- you seem like you're denying his request out of spite rather than a good reason.
you fucked up man but it’s not the end of the world.
but if you only said she did the least work despite doing just as much as everyone else, .
you’re the asshole for saying it , you’re the asshole for thinking you’re hot shit for saying it when you still attend a school that has recess, and  for trying so hard to justify why you said it; in the post and against everyone in the comments who’s calling you out on your shit.
therefore, you don't get to sit in judgment on what happens when your dog becomes aggressive and attacks other dogs.
if you open it specifically after your mother requests you not, namely if they were married.
he was telling the truth when he said jehovah’s witnesses are bad people.
you’re the parent; try playing fortnite with him.
i can’t count the amount of times i thought i was really getting along with someone, then when i mention i have a boyfriend they stop talking & walk away, never to be seen again.
however, you chose perhaps one of the worst people to do so.
she needs counseling and guidance, not judgment.
i’d say first ask them to tone it down or use a vape pen or something less intrusive, and if they still do it, i’d go for it.
i have cold feet all the time and love sticking them on my so because he's super warm all the time - sometimes he tolerates it, other times he shoves my feet off and wraps them in the blankets.
you, on the other hand saw the dog was chewing her thing, and deliberately chose to do nothing about it as revenge.
cleaning up your shit is probably really important to selling the house.
leaving common areas dirty is a lot less of a crime than making someone's personal space covered in trash.
don't be disrespectful to your friends or family when they're trying to help.
he is a vile human being and putting someone like that up on a pedestal is disgusting
don't assume shit when you know nothing about the situation.
how do you know their financial situation?
keep your happiness to yourself on this one and be patient with her.
- get a divorce already, both of you are hurting your kids with your passive aggressive bullshit....
but the guy clearly wanted to do something nice for you and you made it more difficult, then we’re upset when it wasn’t what you wanted
you seem like you just didn't care enough and thought it was a waste of time though.
for thinking about yourself and your feelings over the well being of your dog.
you've crossed a very serious line.
we all do bad stuff sometimes.
its in the title, "inadvertently ignores" you.
it’s not ideal but that’s the reality.
not to mention if the poor kid actually is gay (which he can’t control) then you’re really fucking with him.
you might think you aren't coming across as condescending, but you are, even in this post.
you see where that got you.
i think there is a way to casually do it, ask for a big favor and buy him a bottle of wine or something as a buddy for the trouble, its a small gesture but gets the point that you appreciate him and what he is doing for you.
your parents have every right to do whatever they feel will help keep you safe.
shit happens and lots of girls don’t feel like being sexy or fun and fancy free when they’ve got tissue falling from their vagina.
what you are doing is horrible, stop that.
whose does besides yours, i wonder?
she should have been more clear before ordering the tank.
unfortunately  even if there were "good reasons".
- maybe you dislike him but this level of vengeance is highly unorthodox.
it should accompany your expired photo id.
there is no reason to think that she was trying to take advantage of you.
i think in the spirit of being neighborly you should take a chainsaw and clear that piece on his land off for him, and don't be such a dick to someone who was so generous to you in the first place.
you're just buffing up her insecurities when she's already extremely insecure about being "rejected."
when you make fun of them when they are not there, it sounds like you are bashing them.
also, she believed that what you said was true.
he just got a new job.
i get that you would have preferred your brother handled it differently, but it’s an extenuating circumstance.
no point me doing it when i can’t do it as well as her!
this asshole fires you for getting surgery, then thinks $20 is gonna make things right?
if there are awards for assholery, you should get one.
this is his education as well, and you just robbed him of the experience of doing it so you could have all the experience yourself.
but my god--*you're* the only trashy one in this picture if you think it's okay to insult your dinner guests for bringing over foods they like!
i’m sure she knows her work environment better than you do.
i honestly am not sure about that.
get your parents to deal with it.
btw i know just how much the authorities care about this serious and real topic.
i was willing to go  and label you as simply uninformed until i saw the comment "but it's my daughter." you have an equal say as your wife on almost everything regarding your children, but you *do not* get to use your status as your daughter's parent as leverage to try to determine what happens with your wife's body.
your sister has issues and has over reacted to a casual comment, blowing it out of proportion.
you can be annoyed all you want, just not with her, or your boss, only with yourself.
that being said, being the asshole in this case doesn’t mean you should necessarily make the trip if you don’t want to - just acknowledge that it’s a bit of an asshole reason, and send your apologies along with a really good gift.
, you should have emailed them you had dropped the class and not have been vengeful.
did he give them to you temporarily with the intent to get them back in the future?
disabled people are constantly facing the public policing their right to use disabled parks- i’ve had friends with chronic illnesses abused for parking with permits because someone else thought they didn’t look ill enough to have a permit.
it's not too late to tell her.
it's her life, she can choose how to live it, and you're excluding her because you don't like those choices.
just go back out in the evening or morning when it’s cooler.
why was she under the impression that the cat would be secluded upstairs while you were under the impression that the cat would just be staying out of her bedroom?
i don't know if you live in a flat with more people than just you two like...just go downstairs and talk to them, say it's too loud.
people with mental illnesses can still be assholes.
- negative self talk like that puts the other person in a conversation in a weird position, they can agree with you that you are shit, which implies they have poor judgement, or they can protest that you are not, which feels unnatural and perhaps like you are asking for that.
maybe not a red flag, but it’s certainly later than average.
would you rather his children grow up knowing their parents hate each other, or would you rather his children grow up knowing his father still respects and cares for their mother?
you are a huge asshole in my opinion.
she should have been more proactive about your appointment.
if you said he was constantly having loud sex with his girlfriend, i might be more inclined to say he was an asshole, but you even said in your post, this was their day off to spend together.
what if something darted out in front of them or there was an obstacle and they needed to brake quick?
do us the courtesy of formulating your question in something resembling english.
you may not think the light is too bright for sleep but he clearly does.
she's exhausted, she's trying to get home, and there's nothing she can do about it at this point to fix her mistake.
you'll probably damage your wife's relationship with your daughter too.
keep in mind that, according to this math, you have taken from this poor girl.
what even is the implication there?
you're mad because she doesn't want to cook but you don't want to either?
someone probably got in line and counted themselves as the 15th person, and was suddenly booted out of getting the award because you and your friends jumped in.
changed your mind about your degree.
which makes you a very big asshole.
and it is absolutely an arsehole move.
he might be autistic and need help.
kind of a shitty way to treat your supposed good friend.
you don’t want to be the only reason your son doesn’t get to go on a trip.
just be happy with yourself and acknowledge the hardships of this generation.
it's not outrageous for your friend to want you to be introduced to this person.
you literally have no good reason to care about this.
do you often feel angry about other things?
if you can't make any kind of change in the group dynamic, you should distance yourself.
being upset with a guy who has put his other friendships at risk to appease you is a pretty shitty reaction.
just be grateful you didn't waste more time than you did.
i could see that type of situation kinda driving someone into unhealthy or obsessive habits, because it's like forbidden fruit.
>at this point you're probably saying "dude, just wipe your pants" yea why didn't you do that?
since you want to get something out of mac (a quicker end to the game), fairness dictates that you offer him something in return.
it's another thing to talk about your ex.
thats all you got left to hope for.
it seems like all your wife wants is to get to sleep with her husband, you should just try to get to bed before you fall asleep on the couch, i get stoned all the time and i can't imagine not being able to get to bed, it just doesn't seem reasonable.
if someone has a problem, fine, you have the civil liberty to do so, you also have the freedom to face the judgement and consequences of those around you.
but it’s hard to get a job and it’s an asshole move to berate someone for not having a job if they’re actively looking.
if it freaks her out, it freaks her out.
she gets upset, you call her a cunt.
i think he's a little irrational to think you are competition, but whatever.
they dislike the content and they claim to remove it based on legal action despite it not legally being classified as child pornography in the us.
she explained the fact that girls scout do lame stuff and boy scouts do cool stuff) and you dismissed her - a 35 year old adult - as a naive tomboy who's easily led astray the allure of coolness.
- i just wanted to emphasize you're an asshole.
i think a quick convo about what happened, an apology/explanation about why you reacted that way, and an agreement to communicate more about kinks will get you back on track.
the kid is 4 years old.
it's time to be a big boy and clean up after yourself without people telling you you're a slob.
telling people that you have an eating disorder and not doing anything about it would be like a diabetic complaining to her friend that her blood sugar is so high they are at risk of death, while at the same time downing a candy bar.
he doesn't sound like a great guest and you sound like an judge-y asshole.
being upset because he doesn't have his cuticles professionally manicured?
if the reason you didn’t want to see him was because you had grown apart or no longer interested in friendship, that would be fine.
that he only reached out to you for help.
sidenote, all of the things you listed about your brother getting mad about at the top are just typical sibling things and by no means act as justification.
but i mean, just because you think two people aren't good for each other, that don't mean jack shit.
(i also think that "white supremacists welcome" is a really lame attempt at being "funny" because *lol so edgy*, so keep in mind that may influence my decision.) but i'm gonna go with  here.
6- you refused to talk to your parents when they disagreed with you.
but, he wasn't making a comment about suicide.
while you are under no obligation to contact this guy (and you shouldn't) it sounds like you are withholding information from her family that would help them find closure because you don't respect their opinion or her life choices.
it’s entirely on you for pinning your absent mindedness on him and ending the relationship.
you two have discussed children in the past so it doesn’t matter if now is a bad time for her.
plus putting dismemberment images up and almost hitting them with a chair?
it sounds like you're in high school.
it isn’t that hard to write something down or put a reminder in your phone.
> her area is kind of discolored too which is really unappealing that's literally what buttholes look like.
- it’s one thing to keep it to yourself, and another to be directly asked and lie.
you recognize how cringey it was *but still went through with it*.
they shouldn’t make promises they don’t plan on keeping or they should write things down if they don’t remember well but putting them on blast (or threatening to) is no way to resolve a family dispute.
you seem like a dick for wanting him to get off when his friend is on with limited time.
if you let them participate, this may actually end up being a positive for you in term of you building your coping skills.
also, you say your wife's job is enough for you.
not everyone has to tolerate your behavior and accept your behavior.
he has the right to do anything he wants with his money.
like do you realize the restaurant staff basically has to deep clean the whole kitchen when someone has a severe allergy?
now she probably just feels like she made it worse.
let her move on and find someone that shares her dreams too.
i'm a historian specializing in late 19th/20th century eastern europe/russia.
besides you of course and your other snobby friend), and all-around seem like a bitch.
financial independence is bullshit when it comes to student loans because college costs so much more than it used to.
what if someone took your child (or pet) across borders?
you shouldn’t be judging of him for this.
however if you know that this is not working for you, you are within your rights to break the lease or let it expire and find something else.
of course you don't have to spend all your time with them.
adaptil is a really good option.
this is a relationship, and it's a give and take.
just because he’s rude doesn’t mean he’s lying and deserves to be called out in front of people.
do you really believe that's an innocent joke?
not because you don't want to sit next to them, but because you actively take up two seats as a resolution.
it’s still because of you that they need restored.
it's really not hard to tweak the sentences both of you use into *much* less aggressive ones, and it'll solve all these problems.
sure, i could say that your plumber is an asshole too, but i won't.
it sounds like you did it for yourself not her.
she should be able to dec8de if she wants to date a parent or not.
, you know what you did was for selfish reasons.
i hope he doesn’t wait around for you and finds someone that respects his time
also, it was your job as moh to plan the bachelorette party.
it's also about how you say it, and it sounded perfectly jovial and good natured to me.
he might be able to catch a fish, but obviously he might be best suited at gathering a week's worth of firewood in the first hour after the tents are set up.
they didn't sign up for this one-sided transaction.
when i’m getting takeout, i only pay for the meal, no matter what.
if her qol is good all things considered, discuss your options with the other dog owners.
you gave it as a gift.
secondly, you admitted that this was planned long before you came around so the fact that you're trying to ruin a trip for your husband and his son is crazy.
i'd say she's got the bad end of the stick here.
i would suggest to draft rules that you have your clients sign.
don't use autistic or any other medical diagnosises as a way to insult people or describe bad behavior.
in fact, any normal person would have done what you did.
if m has a beef with l she needs to tell l herself.
why are you so invested in these chicken balls?
instead of using this moment as an opportunity to address these issues and try to heal the relationship, your mind jumped once again to withholding affection from your child who clearly needs you.
or rather your friend is the asshole, and the counsellor.
valentine's (that you can just postpone to the next weekend or something) is more important to you than you want his kids to be to him, then you are being way too selfish.
being unaware isn't an excuse for her actions, but that doesn't mean you should lie.
you're definitely an asshole for how you handled the situation.
you’re an *asshole.* a 36 year old man asking his 26 year old girlfriend to quit her job and become financially dependent on him???
sure- if he was slacking on his school work due to gaming all the time but saying that over not bringing girls home?
if you just take the spot after they likely spent an hour digging the spot out, then .
you literally threw a temper tantrum over a fucking cleaning brush that you probably didn’t even pay for.
- it's clear to see why he thinks you excluded him on purpose.
just not crazy enough to walk around with a pillow under your shirt.
you’re approach to make that point is phenomenally shitty though.
"now my attitude has become to do a similar such procedure whenever i feel like i shouldn't have spent money on something, or if something dips in price after i've bought it." - this makes .
because it seems like a very trivial thing to get upset over and hate you over if you were being polite and it's hard to imagine adults being that upset over a "polite refusal"
: "hey op your mom's a whore" : eh, he's entitled to his opinion and i don't want to escalate.
a more accurate answer would probably have been "i like eating meat and i don't like vegetables very much" but i feel like you chose the one guaranteed to piss the person off, instead.
the alternative is your friends just say "fuck it.
however, she probably wasn't on the same page, since most people would expect a family-size box of crackers to last at *least* a week before vanishing.
you trying to be something you aren't wasn't working either.
for already having a character that you have played with for a while, but  for refusing to make a new character/nerf your current one when the dm asked.
you can't scrounge up 2700 between the 5 of you?
now imagine coming home and finding that your bf has taken all of them, tossed them haphazardly in a box and put them in the garage.
"no" is a complete sentence, and you aren't entitled to an explanation when you're told it.
\- hiding it and lying about it to your wife.
meh, i kinda feel everyone who cheats their way through the system (either educational or any other) are assholes.
it was probably a lot more money than he expected, probably stung quite a bit if other expenses came up, and he probably regretted it somewhat but hey it's done.
if you're uncomfortable, you should take it up with her, not him.
because that's like super shitty of you.
if you have one get it fixed pronto and don’t tell a soul.
you asking them is basically wanting to measure up their treatment of you against what you think you deserve, so you can argue and feel vindicated and try to defend yourself, either to yourself or to them or to internet strangers.
if you want to talk about someone behind their back like that, you have to know that word spreads fast.
if you want human hair, it's going to cost a lot more.
technically she didn’t say that you said to kick john.
what's "wrong" with her following a lot of people?
you are stuck in an either/or fallacy of framing him or violence.
you're just trying to be petty about it.
mow some lawns to pay for the cleaning (if he'll allow it).
don't be shocked when they stop reaching out because you're full of excuses.
you just need to set some very clear boundaries in order to make it something that your gf is comfortable with (and those might be things that you think are 'overkill' or 'ridiculous').
if you don't return her money.
- if you're planning on spending a long time in a relationship with this person defending them is something that should come naturally to you.
does your husband care at all about this party, or is this a way of scratching an itch of yours?
it’s been well established that it is super rude.
take this with a grain of salt.parents are obviously in the wrong, although i get their intentions and point of view as they're not so "tech savvy".
free rent is way different than cash.
and the sauce was the straw that broke the camels back?
i assure you a human has likely used it for a bathroom before at least once, the dog was only drinking.
she was sitting right beside your mom.
her body is going through tiny car accidents all the time, and nothing feels like “her” anymore.
it could become a serious issue for you and for her.
and if she has to bring up the fact that you aren’t pulling your weight at something by using looks and how you can’t get better; this relationship has issues.
>also she says i need to have my husband email her next time to warn her.
if you only want to casually fuck you should make it clear and you two can evaluate what you want from each other?
someone giving what they feel is genuinely correct advice is not the asshole.
generally, if a company funds something, they own the ip.
i can understand you being hurt and if you still consider her a close friend, than maybe this is the moment where you realize she may not think of you two as that close.
if he feels like he hasn't gotten a definitive answer from you, he may keep trying to get one, prolonging the breakup even further.
if you somehow manage to communicate with him, apologize profusely to him and admit to making poor decisions (even if you don't fully believe it) because right now he probably feels very betrayed and embarrassed because of you.
in my case, my mother would have *left* my step-father before she ever let him kick me out before i was ready.
seems like it could have been fun if you had given it a chance.
maybe you’re not too familiar with clubs but most consent is given non-verbally in my experience.
it’s not like she brought over 10 people to throw a rager while you were away, she had one friend over to help move stuff, and again just to chill.
niceties are thrown out the window at 2am.
tbh it kind of seems more like you're avoiding the difficult conversation of telling her she can't stay with you forever and that she needs to move out asap and get a different living situation.
say 'i don't need help, thanks for asking"
how would you feel if another person did this to you?
you don’t wanna be stuck in a super long relationship resenting him over something you knew about from the beginning but thought you could just get over.
are there families with kids nearby?
that obligated you to be aware of your surroundings, to be on the lookout for old guy, blind guy, and pregnant lady.
they're small humans with big emotions, and it's our job to help them learn how to navigate them appropriately.
it's no one's fault that you put the effort into paying the maximum but your own.
this is the kind of squabble that roommates that can barely stand each other should be having, not adults that are presumable making a go at being partners.
so whats the real reason you dont wanna be mates with the bride?
that's what friends do, and that's how you work through the issue of cultural appropriation.
you wouldn't have touched a man so intimately.
there's a big difference between "yeah man you can take my car for spring break" and driving across the bloody country with your mates.
you're being really weird about it.
what you described is not 'dark', it's racist.
however, if you've both got depression, you need to get professional help for it.
sometimes friends grow apart in life, and it's no one's fault.
they're not yours, you can reasonably assume they're of someone from school, bring them to the reception (or whatever has lost and found).
every time janey makes you contemplate murder, remember that you are helping to shield your friend from being the one to deal with this stress in an already stressful situation.
if you make a braggart post about all the schools you have gotten into unless you legitimately want input from people you only speak to on social media as to which to accept.
if you can comprehend, in future relationships, that bodies eventually age and attractiveness becomes more based on inner beauty, .
or at least watch the episode online the next day.
if you want to apologize more than is the social norm, cool.
if your dog has issues, you should plan your route and routine around what gives him the least trouble.
not the asshole for setting reasonable limits with your dog, but very much  for seeing this as an issue that would warrant giving up the dog for adoption.
this is one of those "feel the room" situations.
the least you can do is get the kid to some meetings so he can do something he wants to.
what you did is rude and shows a complete lack of etiquette.
you both need to grow up and communicate.
if you’re saying the hallway is what’s exposed and you put the curtain in the hallway/living area, .
go out of your comfort zone to repair the relation.
alice and bob are children unable to have a proper discussion with you or take care of their own shit.
- “i initiate sex, because why not, then we go to sleep.
don’t be a douche because people are sad about a thing.
on top of that you asked the kid to keep it a secret from his mom.
and i maybe get downvoted and maybe i'm reading a little bit too much into it but on a side note: you are and cannot be responsible for your girlfriends anxiety or depression or whatever.
it seems you're trying to accommodate her.
if your dad isn’t leaving her, hopefully he isn’t continuing to vent to you about his marriage.
just to be clear that the -special promise i’ll never force you sexually- isn’t some special thing you’re doing as a boyfriend, that is a rule, and a law.
* you have a 1 bedroom apartment * you've both been flirting with each other * of course she's going to bloody touch you * i bet you bloody touched her you've suddenly decided that you don't want to pursue sex, fine.
just thump yourself off and calm the fuck down.
it doesn’t care what going on in the person’s life.
if your life would have been so devastated by having a child, then you should have taken to even safer measures.
people from different background bring different ideas into the mix and this is something useful for a company.
everyone is different, i probably would have laughed and called you normal until it became ridiculous.
he has no right to threaten you or do anything thats just silly.
why would you do that to your friend?
its not wrong to have those feelings per se, but you told your wife she wasnt enough after she presumably took care of you while you had cancer.
you aren't in a relationship with her, he is.
that's how you may have felt but your girlfriend sure as shit didn't need to hear it - it's so unnecessarily hurtful.
grow the fuck up and get over it.
if you hide the text, makes it a bigger deal than it is.
i think you saying that you're the one being forced to give ultimatums.
probably, i'm still bitter about that time, but this sounds a lot like that.
you can be upset but you have to let her do what she decides and it sounds like she has decided but you are talking about it everyday to change her mind.
a boudoir shoot is a nice gift.
sure, you can play it and have a good time.
you abused her mom, ran and hid and never helped financially.
yes he needs to put the work to find a job but a month is not a very long time and you could have been responsible and waited till he had a new job lined up before having him move in and quit his old job.
that doesn’t mean she isn’t making positive progress.
it seems like you are teaching them that they don't have a right to defend themselves should the need arise.
you can’t know they wouldn’t have given her the car if they knew about her grades, and referring to it as “ill begotten” makes it sound like she’s misrepresenting herself as a scholastic success.
you could also ask if there's anything he's curious about trying with you.
also why do you need to see your waiter more than 4x a meal or, if youre there for 2 hours, more than every 30 minutes?
and if you put your phone away immediately then you knew on some level that you shouldn’t have had it out.
don’t leverage her property to control her actions.
i have been in a similar situation with a runner, and we had to join the class together so i could go after him.
it's one thing to say that and not get more fit.
you told her she could do whatever she wanted with what’s left in the apartment, you made no special stipulations about the modem.
she cant see you every day, but this hot girl you mentioned gets to see you every day.
if you're a minor, it is absolutely their responsibility to ensure you don't grow up into a giant douchebag that is going to wind up living on their sofa and eating all of their puffy cheetos.
just sprinkle a little racism in there to make you seem like a bigger asshole.
it’s not the worst thing you could have done by far, but yeah you messed up.
keeping this kind of behavior up is a really good way to ensure that your kids will grow to fucking hate and resent you as they get older.
: i would be absolutely crushed if my cat got out of my house, and if you responded that way i would have made a complaint.
it seems unlikely that this sort of thing would happen again though, so by making a big deal out of it you are distancing yourself from your friends to no benefit.
being upset at him being gone for 4 hours to get medicine so he can enjoy the vacation too is so fucking selfish.
then it’s yours and you can do what you want with it.
instead of asking when she'd be done, you responded by swearing at her and generally being a jackass.
if you want to argue this i’d just do it one on one.
learn what an apology is, buddy.
kid was being nice, just be nice back.
you could have called before coming over, you would have had that information and had time to check it on your own.
that last part especially, about how this is *your* only option to get the holiday you want.
even if you struggle with a disability yourself.
what she did was shitty, and your getting revenge like that was also shitty.
the way you brought it up sucks.
it's very obvious he expected you to either: a) pay back your half of the food; b) pick up the check when he can't
you’re not entitled to know everything about your date’s body before meeting, but you should be kind if you can.
was going to say  because why would you tell someone that and then still want to keep seeing them?
not saying to break up, but i would have a conversation with him about this, because he is only going to keep pushing the issue of moving in together.
hes not going to eat your dog.
you're the type of vegan that everyone hates, including other vegans.
suck it up and go bar hopping.
he did that to me and i went off on him.
you’re  for being ready for them to leave, but if you do / say anything about it, then yes .
learn to reject people already, damn it!
trying to force him to accept something he cannot was making him miserable.
but now you’ve boxed him in (by your own admission) to a situation he cannot win in.
if she didn't want to continue the friendship, she shouldn't have made the plans.
^(questions i asked before editing to write my judgement:) did you tell her why you walked away?
let me explain: not engaging with your parents when they make these comments does avoid creating an argument with them and avoiding this argument takes “work” off of your plate because you would be the one arguing with them.
as a biracial person as well, i would also refuse to go to a plantation wedding.
>she always had excuses saying that the “drive was too far” and that “i didn’t help pay for gas”.
you two need to talk about your concerns with each other, if you can’t do that then the relationship is doomed to fail.
people spend hundred of hours on diablo and it is understandable as well as in their best interest to act this way.
way to play into all the negative cliches of student protests and undermine the credibility of your protest.
your husband has expressed that his feeling have been hurt.
for bringing up the conversations he has in private.
for continuing to try to have sex after he said no the first time.
save, buy a car, home theater, whatever.
it's fine to decline being in the wedding, but your reasoning is what makes you ta.
instead you got faced with the fact that while you were pretending to be her friend, she was seriously being your friend.
some day when you are on your own you will remember that they cared.
sometimes, being ‘right’ isn’t the be-all-and-end-all.
i get you’re in a shitty situation, but you came at your group chat with a lot of aggression.
&#x200b; edit since op edited: if you really think he's fully aware then , but honestly i'm really skeptical about him actually knowing.
you wouldn't want a friend who behaves that way towards you, yet you're being that friend.
address the real issue, which is how your bf treats you (doesn’t appear to value your feelings or make an effort to talk to you about boundaries etc) not that he watches porn.
so i assume you found her attractive and it's just at the discovery that she has had plastic surgery in the past and that "doesn't sit right with you" and so now it's just "not the same"?
it was nice of you to come in to work in spite of your situation but weird for you to show up and expect a full lunch break.
you could’ve gone about it in a nicer way.
also really bad look for you).
but considering breaking up with someone you claim to be great with, and someone you claim to love..
the only reason you want to do it is so you wouldn't have to see her name on a piece of paper or a computer screen when looking at the accounts, if you even have that level of access.
school is busy and stressfull, but so is having a demanding full time job after graduation.
if you aren't sexually attracted to her and keep leading her on
&#x200b; it's good to see that you're genuinely looking for public opinion.
however as they dogs seem well cared for and yu haven't any issues with them or their number other than this then i suggest you go and talk to your neighbours and ask them to sort the fence.
but just because  here doesn't mean you're an asshole in general.
or if you approached your coworker before the call to tell him that there was a time limit on the conference call so it would be appreciated if he could be conscientious of that.
your therapist has every right to be frustrated.
it doesn't matter if you suck at your job.
and so on and so forth.
your aggressive solution to punish her is toxic af.
wanting her off it at the cost of you and others is petty as fuck.
i don't think it was necessary to 'be honest' with them at all and would be a hurtful experience for them to have a friend come up one day and say that they are "not useful".
>i do not plan on staying in contact with her after this.
this isn’t a case of someone in their late-20s being a parasite who won’t leave home.
now you're mad that she kissed another dude when she clearly wanted you?
by the sounds of it, she is lying to you because she knows you will get weird with her and she is desperate for the break away.
you and your ex need to grow the hell up.
if the game allows it, it is legal.
maybe you need to mature and grow a bit, too.
- how the fuck is that radical feminism?
i don’t know if he’s going to get on with others, whether he can hold his drink, if i and my future husband will even like him.
i said maybe we should go tell everyone mentioning food stamps that it's a "ridiculous" suggestion and there’s "clearly a reason" she’s not on food stamps.
screaming, slamming doors, what have you.
he's just this object getting in the way of your perfect sisterhood?
- this isn't about your political disagreement with your brother, this is about you minimizing the work and sacrifice your parents have put into raising you.
but how did he not know it would snow?
who did you expect to clean up after you guys?
imagine if someone did that to you just because they didn't like your cooking.
that alone makes you an asshole.
they never said they wouldn't do it, and the days might line up.
many people don't drink and still enjoy themselves.
i’m not sure about your motivation for taking these pictures.
you and the adoptive parents need to have a mature talk and speak about what is best for the triplets.
it's at the mercy of your frustration and her lack of motivation.
curiousity is not a good enough reason.
they could have then read it mid-meeting and sent a message back if needed.
not necessarily 2/5, but definitely more than 1/4.
mental health isn't a one size fits all.
to be fair, you are failing at some seemingly mundane tasks.
in any instance where you need to choose between being a bride and being a friend, always choose being a friend.
you're literally trying to control your friends' behaviour.
dude, it is not okay to string your girlfriend along for like 7 weeks when you've already decided to break up with her.
regardless of his motivations, your grandfather fought to defend the regime that built auschwitz.
give her some space and privacy.
part of being mature is understanding that.
you clearly don't want to, and your sisters experience in school is not something you should be personally held accountable for.
kinda...whether its gross or not, what was gained by calling him out in front of everyone?
he doesn't have to be blood to be family.
relationships aren't just about you and how you feel and what you think matters.
stop putting the blame on your aspergers for being a lazy ass.
it's ok that you really want a dog, but you shouldn't have wasted your partner's time when they made it very clear from the start that they didn't want a dog.
get a job and fend for yourself.
you didn't just lie to to save your own ass, you're actively manipulating two people towards your own benefit.
if she isn’t going to explain it well the first time, why would she be able to explain better the 3-4 times you keep asking her?
who needs a private 3rd grade?
you punched a wall over that?
enough people complained that they found it to be in *poor taste*.
he’s not trying to be fucking sherlock homes and uncover clues as to whose dishes they are.
she is an adult and she gets to decide if she smokes or not.
in most cases we really don't know what a person has been through.
as long as she doesn’t go overboard it very well could and probably would be helpful for stress.
stop calling your girlfriend emotionally and verbally abusive, those are powerful words and can seriously break a person's mentality when coming from a loved one.
i'm not at all surprised that you're feeling hostility from people.
she's your mom, she's gonna be embarrassing, especially to a 20 year old.
you guys might want to take a step back and get some perspective.
you can easily get her flowers and give them to her at home.
you don't seem to be able to do any of that and come across kinda selfish.
why have both your parents but not both your kid's parents?
and because you can't get over your insane hatred of your bil, you're now going to be completely cut out of the lives of your nieces and nephews.
not because of eloping, but because of the years of lies.
you can enjoy the content someone makes without having to convince yourself that they're good people.
your roommate is not someone who is just lazy and doesn’t feel like buying food so she eats yours instead.
if you want to be a good ally consider apologizing.
after the third time, i'd be fuckin livid.
for writing such a piece of garbage post like this.
re-reading your post i see you've only been dating for 2 months.
, but it's a gentle .
there's tons of reasons why a bisexual person might not have had a chance to date someone of the same sex.
to be honest though, if you aren't interested in her, you should have been upfront with her instead of accepting the pics like you have been, and stringing her along.
trust me, that child knows you don't really want him there.
whatever that purpose is, it's still not okay.
having him switch places with another passenger).
you specifically didn't include someone in your wedding party for a medical problem they can't control.
also, this isn't permanent and since you have been together for 4 years already you should be okay with spending time apart from your partner by now.
trust me, it may not happen right away.
not a huge asshole, but i get why she's upset, i probably would have been as well.
and a horrible one at that.
you are creating the higher risk scenario by choosing to run where most people walk, therefore, you are the one responsible of maintaining the safety (you are the one doing the thing different from the majority).
unless you genuinely feel threatened or he really is doing something to make you uncomfortable besides just looking over once in a while i don’t see why you can’t just let the guy be.
i’m not saying you need hospital corners but at least leave shit mostly neat.
if your partner’s dream was to travel the world alone for years would it be ok if she left you to raise your children alone?
you’re not a huge asshole since it was a relatively harmless joke but i don’t think you should have done it.
friends and family should pay more even to support their friends in their ambitions.
ten years from now, this will be as hilarious to you as it is to me.
your supposed friend got cheated out of something he seemingly wanted a hell of a lot more than you did, you publicly took it out of his hands (by choosing president over secretary of an insignificant club when you knew it meant a lot to him), and after all that you don’t feel bad for him for being hurt and tending to his wounds with the only other support system he has, his girlfriend.
at that point you’re expected to get a job and starting working to gain some experience.
while we all wish for a happy ending, it can just as easily sway the other way and you may have even denied her final peace by doing so.
someone's reached out to you, felt comfortable enough with you talking about self-harm, suicidal tendencies, and clear mental issues, your response was to mock them?
she may not want to deal with those repercussions over a first date.
delete it and ask your new girl to send you pictures.
it sounds like you said some assholey things to someone being an asshole to you.
2 years of “spoiling” your own daughter doesn’t make up for anything.
did you really already suspect that he thought that?
everyone you ever date is going to be attracted to people, a lot of whom will not look like/be like you, straight or bi.
if you try to push yourself into this dynamic you run the risk of causing a lot of hurt feelings.
he has those, and they're the ones who are qualified, not you - so let them do their jobs.
i think couples therapy is a must.
tattling isn’t a good trait to have, it never really ends well.
most people are not cooking every day.
but he would be totally in the right if he broke up with you over it because a relationship requires attraction and he clearly wouldn't be attracted to a bald head.
if i was your sister, i wouldn't attend either.
not that i'm defending smoking, as it is a filthy habit, but i can assure you smokers already get an asston of comments/sermons about it.
it's not her job to put up with racists just because they might have a soft side to them.
if he’s happy don’t try to change him.
you were also an asshole for basically calling him ugly.
i wouldn't have broken contact with your best friend since he had nothing to do with his girlfriends decision on breaking contact with you.
she obviously didn't want to eat all of it though, and that isn't about being appreciative or not.
missing out on something can really hurt, and in this case, she probably feels like she is being punished even though she’s done nothing wrong.
it really isn’t that difficult to clear up after yourself and keep the place tidy.
you were the person that she wanted to share her celebration with, so obviously you matter to her.
for publicly humiliating her at a party and telling the guy she was with not to let her spend all his money.
people generally don't get royalties or whatever just for "helping out with one small part." if you want the ip, then *you* need to be one of the main people working on that stuff.
if you go see endgame, your girlfriend will get a very clear message that it's not her.
, but it seems like a wash because your whole situation is a hot mess.
way to make him admitting to having suicidal thoughts all about you...
according to the house rules you are responsible for your own dishes.
honestly thought this was a troll, but considering you have 2 other posts talking your brother i will give you the botd and believe this is serious.
what a strange way to think about it - she's getting diamond earrings for her sister - you really have to squint and turn your head to the side to find anything weird about that.
dog bites are very easily infected.
all you're doing is delaying an inevitable implosion between the two and making the potential emotional damage for mary even worse.
it was not your classmate who separated the boys and choose not to separate the girls.
look how unreasonable and guilty you're making him feel over your exam that is your responsibility.
- stop pressuring each other to do things you don't enjoy, and there will be no need to reassure you're not the asshole
telling people straight up that you don't want anything to do with them, isn't one of them.
not when a family member of hers is actually dying.
you would be wise to work on those hang up's of yours and let her be who she is.
otherwise i would say your fiance was the asshole until i read the part you say that your friend is your soul mate.
it just makes me so fucking angry when someone laughs at overweight people.
not for asking for relationship advice, but for telling stuff she told you in confidence to others, even if you didn't give any identifying information.
don’t like it, suck it up.
you're getting married, i would question why you care.
if you show some effort i’m sure your gf will pitch in as well and give you some tips.
for pressuring him to do something he doesn't want to.
outdoor cats are exposed to a lot of risk- much worse that neighbors who feel bad that the poor cat is left outside.
why not order the uber when you are actually ready to go?
just chill, be there for her when she inevitably learns the important lesson, and stop trying to run her life.
teasing people about their bad grades sucks.
i get your frustration because of the mess, but geez.
getting thrown out of school, getting in trouble with police etc.
she can't, so she helpfully suggests you call your brother.
his mother is the one allowing the family friend to stay over, he has no say of the matter.
i have this exact problem with my own mom but she’s done so much for me throughout my life so i suck it up in this one particular area and just do it.
it doesn’t matter if they were walking side by side, they don’t need to let you pass because you shouldn’t be on the sidewalk anyway.
because you’re a 24 year old male actively trying to foster a relationship with a 15 year old underage girl.
or ywbta, your cousin is dead, your family is grieving.
for saying it didnt really matter because she doesn't use it.
and even if he did, you know you looked better in it.
- if you are emotionally unavailable to this extent you should be with somebody with similar emotional needs or be alone
even if this was a friend that had done all this for you, it would be incredibly shitty to show no gratitude.
while not everyone needs to have kids of course everyone will come in contact with pregnant people, you need to find a way to deal with your emotions instead of ditching your friend.
don't rub their faces in it.
i don't think you have to let her use your furniture though.
you joked that it was more a trip than a vacation.
i really hope you figure out how much you overstepped your friend's boundaries.
(but your former roommate isnt helping) you can’t force two people that do not get along to live together for an entire 6 months, especially when you know they dont like each other, and when you’re more than acquainttance with one of them.
you're only speculating about this guy's involvement in your breakup.
he was probably timid to approach you since you were ignoring him.
it's his money and his life and he worked for it so..
you could look into therapy for yourself so you can improve that.
your wife is not willing to compromise because she is at her end point and has nothing she can compromise on.
after reading your replies to others, why would you even ask if you're just going to argue with people who give the answer you don't want to hear?
i'm surprised: a-that you even had to ask, and b-that you were not smart enough to arrange to get the phone number before dumping her.
again, this has nothing to do with the actual sex.
your actions spoke much louder than your words, and it's even worse to me that you knew how he felt, that it was his first time, and still let it happen.
to you, it might have been unhelpful but it seemed like he was trying to do his part.
this is like a 0th world problem.
i get not wanting to pay for her to be there, but you are putting your friend in a bad situation too.
quite frankly, he’d be better off without someone in his life who considers him a waste of time.
3rd shift is hard, and everyone's sleep patterns are not the same.
but you shouldn't have said his opinion "doesn't matter." you could have just told him that he didn't understand what it's like to be lgbt and maybe if he paid attention, he might learn something.
now as to why he’s 28 and a virgin.
how about you imagine being in his?
we watch shows together and if i know he's watched it already it is not as interesting.
- everyone is allowed to feel angry/sad/whatever.
or if your feelings are not able to accept that you need to step away from the situation.
but doing it at that time was assholish.
intro level courses are for people with no experience.
some of the most puerile nonsense you could ever get into.
if this is a multiple time problem, .
&#x200b; i don't think it's responsible for you to have a child, find that they're too hard, give them up, and then have another child very shortly after under similar circumstances (i'm assuming also unplanned).
it's hard to make changes since you are young, and a part of the team/group culture.
but listening about other people’s lives is a part of friendship.
i am sorry for your loss.
people deserve the chance to know about their partner's age, especially if kids are in the cards.
you're not owed cooked meals just because she said she'd cook it for you.
and that's what you'd be doing.
even though his behavior was absolutely shitty, which is why it's , it doesn't excuse you outing him over a basketball game
it "has the potential" to create "marginally" more work for you?
for punishing the cat for your girlfriend's mistake.
&#x200b; "oh no, my wife is wearing clothes i like seeing her in, but forbid my daughter grow up to dress that way" -\_-
but you went in with full knowledge of what the deal was.
just suck it up and do it on someones special day.
- i would just take a step back and chill.
but i don’t really enjoy doing it at all.
she *does* have to nag you to spend time with her.
what i cannot shake, however, is the thought of what you would have done if your daughter were autistic and made you feel the same way.
how many spam calls are you really likely to get at the exact same time?
disagreeing with his opinions is fine, but claiming he has no right to them is a bit of an asshole thing to do.
this doesn’t even seem like a complex thing to understand.
if you threaten to take his kid away for this.
you shit-talked your long-term gf, probably triggering all the self-consciousness she has into feeling pretty shit about herself.
be grateful no one was hurt and move on.
he wasn't putting his dibs on any old mug - it had literal pictures of his family on it.
it might be ok to realise that your finances might be better after he passes but to callously stand by while he was choking is not ok.
as long as they are in the space, it's fine.
the worst part was you didn't say it to protect her or alert her; you just wanted to win the argument.
it was wonderful to see you.
each dog isn't going to be capable of breaking the protein down in the same way (some are less effective than others) so having a "one-size fits all" kind of dog food that's vegan is a myth.
jane was hesitant for valid reasons and your post criticises her for not being as involved as you expect.
just try to get your friend to do research on the effects etc, so he can make an informed decision.
this is like a child not caring about a lost or broken toy until they see another child with a toy, or my dog getting jealous of another dog's stick
you knew it was wrong, and just thought you'd get away with it.
you're acting like a cartoon bully...
- why can't you make friends with them?
i'm a female by the way, and i don't understand at all why you would hide having a kid.
your friend specifically said don't invite somebody to something you and he did together.
honestly, if your grades for an entire quarter dropped just because you had to do some community service and write a 5 paragraph essay, then you really don't have enough time/energy to be flying and keep your grades up, since all the stuff you would need to learn for that will take up a lot more time than your community service did.
on the day texted me "good luck." €300 meals uneaten.
for assuming your friend lied to you when it is *far* more likely that there simply is dissonance between your friends appraisal of your work and your professors appraisal of it.
the family sound like jerks and your friend should probably move out so she doesn’t have to deal with their crap behaviour everyday.
your relationship with your ex is weird and you have a history of cheating.
you are exactly what trans people fear, a family member no less.
- you insulted her and made her feel bad about herself.
and you denied her that, for really nothing.
and also an idiot: you would be the one who would be ridiculed, not them.
you need to learn to separate.
you aren't doing him a favor if he is annoyed by it, plus popping acne can create scaring which is no fun.
you’re an asshole for turning her in.
i'm sure you would be mad if they didnt want to share what they payed for.
we worked together, i was new on the job, and i later found out that she had done a similar thing to other guys at the office.
that being said, the premise of what she did, at face value, is something that is reasonable enough to have a feeling over.
one of these days, you’re going to wish they were there and they won’t be.
they have to work twice as hard for him by taking him to therapy, overseeing his education, and more.
having the idea that something is beneath you is not going to get you very far in the adult world, fyi.
he is just as deserving of respect and time to deal with the things that are causing emotional stress.
i have over a thousand hours playing rimworld.
if no title then doesn’t mean anything more than that.
you don’t seem particularly worried about your financial situation, so from your husbands perspective i can understand his frustration with money, especially when there’s massive debt involved.
when i did it, i only realized it when i was washing my hands and thinking "weird...there are no urinals in this men's room".
but the new gf is not and she doesn’t deserve to have to interfere now.
i'd be pretty hurt if my partner of 3 years didn't want to come with me to meet my family because he thought it'd be dangerous when i've assured him it's not.
maybe this isn’t about you and it’s for them?
it’s shitty of you to try and tell her you know better than she does just because she isn’t mean to babies or children.
i agree she probably needs to say.
if you choose to enter a power struggle over a piece of paper, i can't imagine how ridiculously you deal with things that matter.
, not to being disappointed, but for putting that on her.
> "detailed instructions on how to make a grilled cheese are welcome" if you can figure out how to create a reddit account, join a subreddit, and then make a post - well, i'm sure you could figure out how to go to google, type in "grilled cheese instructions" and go from there.
you're meant to let others do that.
if you know his address, put everything into a box and send it to him.
time to man up and move out if your living situation is causing this much distress.
this girl did right by you, she told you that she'd gotten exclusive with someone else.
he would still have all the chores to do himself so it wouldn't be difficult to load the dishwasher or take the rubbish out.
not to mention, many of those kinds of schools will give full ride scholarships to those who can get in but can’t pay.
if you assume title to the house, you need to buy your brothers out for this amount.
and you went along with it.
&#x200b; if you can't handle being in a relationship with someone who has been abused, leave.
so i have experience, but i'm by no means a wild child drug abuser or anything.
has the old gym even updated on their progress to find a new home?
and recognize that, yeah, however you are viewing the past and current situation you are looking at it through young and relatively inexperienced eyes (as does everyone at your age).
diane can make her own decisions, and doug can't tell you you're not allowed to be intimate with her.
take a breath, give each other some time to cool off and maybe tomorrow or later on you two can sit down and talk calmly and make it up to each other.
he claims all you ever do is brag post about your relationship.
4) you should've just said you had a good time and would like to see her again.
it is definitely more difficult for smokers to live in apartment buildings and complexes, but you're the one creating a disturbance and it is incumbent on you to eliminate that disturbance to others.
i don’t see how the car stuff is relevant unless “a” was going to pay out the nose to keep his car at the airport while you were gone—which would likely have cost more than an uber.
what the hell are you saying to him?
if you stop masturbating you will most likely regain sensibility and feel a lot more when having sex with her.
after all, keeping track of his condoms is his responsibility, and not mine.
your family obviously cares about you so why not take the answer and use it to improve yourself and work on not being high maintenance going forward?
> i'm mainly unsettled by how different he is and how well he hides it - which one is the true him?
you say you're not going to pay him back because when he gives you money through your mom, you don't do it.
you want the new coffee, deal with the old coffee first.
also, that single mom/dad you would rather give your baby to can also be gay, just not outed.
did she ask you whether she's gaining weight these days?
a lack of tire air puts them at a safety risk, especially in bad weather conditions.
this comes from someone who had a massive video game collection robbed.
his worst nightmare was probably being confronted
its unreasonable to put this on her not to have caused you that sadness, you know?
like seriously back off for awhile.
as an outsider reading this, it can be easy to think of the guy who refused to move, "man that guy is a total asshole".
being bisexual is about finding men and women attractive.
it seems like you're unwilling to accept the judgement of your community, so hopefully you will at least accept any judgement you receive here.
it doesn’t matter who does it or why, generalizing entire races at all and especially based on anecdotes is just shitty behavior.
it’s her decision to wear her makeup however she wants.
he may be making a profit, but he's the one who had to go out and get the soda, transport it, etc.
you were leading her on just for sex.
and it’s possibly not just the cake she’s excited about, but doing something fun with her big sister.
you could probably do with some sort of conflict resolution solutions to diffuse some of your arguments.
she still shouldn't have forced you to say it, that's as immature as it is rude to avoid saying it.
no matter what he did how high he was you left a guy in the snowy woods lost.
that decision being whether she wants to be in a relationship with someone who fought in a war.
apologizing repeatedly and playing nice won't fix what happened, because it *did* happen.
, but it seems like you realize this on some level.
you tried to force your way into someone's home over $25.
you want her to stop playing soccer - you haven't told her this because you know this is an asshole move...so instead your trying to make her feel guilty about it by telling you how uncomfortable her interacting with this guy makes you.
she shouldn't have to lose a son because you two were bad businessmen.
even if he hadn’t taken the car, you and your friend still would have to figure out how to get transportation home, right?
if you can’t behave around her family for a few days?
for insinuating the earth is flat.
why even have this conversation with a girlfriend?
although one thing i don't understand is why are you also considering the property as something for your parents, if it's a property she's going to spend money on you should be very clear about that with her, you can't expect her to pay even half of it and then be okay with you planning on either your parenrs eventually moving in or giving it away to them.
they were obviously too lenient in the past so they had to be more strict to save their business.
, thats very creepy and nosey.
your girlfriend made herself very clear that she would not be driving you this week.
you clearly aren’t understanding the root of her issues.
i also don’t know how large your office is but if you could tell he was looking for them and was stressed out, you’re even more ta.
you weren’t going to solve anything and only created a target on your back.
you can push them towards the conversation ("you might want to talk to him") but if you out him he will never trust you again
i personally have terrible taste in music, i rarely like what other people like and if they ask me i'll tell them that, but it doesn't make them wrong.
he deserves to know that his father has found him so he can take safety precautions.
what you did could affect him for a long time.
saying it at a celebration is being an ass.
you're also an asshole for using the wold literally to mean exactly the opposite of what literally means.
for wanting to leave your girlfriend  for making it into an ultimatum
she was clearly, in her own (culturally appropriate) way trying to tell you she wasn’t interested and at no time did you read the cues, use your knowledge, or try to see her side before you pushed her into a culturally inappropriate way of explaining her actions.
you shouldn't keep someones nudes after a relationship is over.
get your own policy, buy your own car.
some people do not realize when they should speak, you seem like the type of person that immediately needs to say something the second it crosses your mind.
freaking out about it is definitely uncalled for.
i think $7.50 loss compared to what she likely paid in gas and what you saved during the experience is a pretty minor hit.
leave the choices that will fit the club's mission (not your personal preferences) and have the people vote on the choices.
she made it clear how she wouldn't be comfortable with you taking psychedelics in your shared home without her, and you agreed to that by nodding and saying "ok".
you're assuming things you don't really know - like your neighbor's financial situation.
she *wants* to learn but you don't want her to.
watch netflix and go to bed and leave him be the poor bloke.
just pay her so you don't have to talk to her again.
it is one thing to try and explain something big that someone doesn't understand, it's another thing to nitpick on details that might not even matter much in every conversation.
yes, the director lying is ugly, but i still believe you were a way bigger and insensitive asshole here.
spiders pay rent in dead mosquitos.
it sounds like you don't even want a child.
of hes not treat are social interactions he might not be great at voicing objections.
there are ways to get around what you are saying you can't do.
the solution here is to ask her what she wants.
yes, you would be, because if your only reason to marry someone is that you knocked her up, you shouldn't ask her to marry you in the first place.
you absolutely should not have honked, you need to work on your patience.
you're supporting your wife through a terminal illness, and you're right, that's a good thing.
- it's not your fault you fell asleep, but you shouldn't have insulted the play especially if the person was a mother of someone in the play, but she shouldn't have yelled at you over it.
, you can't expect her plans to always be with you
then, your stepdad drank a beer.
you could've literally just googled it, and learned about the various medical conditions that can make period pain excruciating.
it’s like you know you’re in no position to pressure him into accepting your gross and self involved compulsion and don’t care.
imagine how embarrassing it must have been and to still apologize to people individually.
she let you know that she might be in a funk but it doesn't mean she'll spend the entire day mourning.
it’s not your place to decide if your brother will regret it or not.
"oh i was gonna eat it, just taking my time." would be the correct response.
if you had been seeing her only a couple months that might be acceptable, but you made her a big part of your life for over five years and you need to do the right thing and go break up with her in person or at least over the phone.
clean your stuff immediately or bring your food in disposable containers.
and since she was going to her other house you probably wouldn’t have even had to see her right?
seems like a sign of a shitty relationship tbh.
it sounds like you're leading her on.
> don't think any guy can honestly say that he feels "good enough" for a woman that he makes less than.
this kind of approach typically pushes people away.
she's has been there for you all your life and even if she didn't give birth to you doesn't mean she's not your mom.
yes,  &#x200b; you insulted someone for no reason, why even ask here?
and of course shes going to translate it and be upset if it was something upsetting.
either do it properly or refuse to do it.
it would not happen a second time.
if you still want to be further removed, at least least least give the poor dog an item of your clothing or a blanket that smells like you guys.
expecting everyone to shun someone you have a bad relationship with is unrealistic.
“you’ve been seeing her, she’s “not your type physically”, and only went for the free food?
conversations regarding these topics require mutual respect and permission to be engaged in.
so by not engaging, you are creating more emotional labor for your wife.
